THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

WITH NOTES AND REFERENCES

By JOHN RAITHBY, of Lincoln's Inn, Esq.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOLUME THE FOURTH.

From A.D. 1810; 50 George III. - To A.D. 1812; 52 George III.

BOTH INCLUSIVE.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.XII.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FOURTH Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

50 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

---

1. AN Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pennons, Offices and Personal EHates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Page i

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

3. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

4. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eleven. /bid.

5. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn

or Grain in Great Britain, for a limited Time; and to continue, until Four Months after the Expiration of such Prohibition, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of British or /W/t-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively. 2

6. An Act to enable- His Royal Highness George Prince of

Wales, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince*s Meadows, in the Parish of iMiheth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal High-ness'fi Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon. juf

SO Geo. III.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Page 4.

8. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on

Viscount Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Wellington shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 7

9. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Jlajedy, as allows a Bounty on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported. 8

10. An Act for making perpetual certain of the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fird, for preventing the clandestine running of uncudomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs. 9

11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fifiaeries. Ibid.

12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Malls, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes from the British Colonies in North America, Duty-free. Ibid.

13. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Jfiands, in American Ships coming in Ballad; and amend and continue an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Gate Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port, and from the Coad of Africa, into the said Colonies and a Plantations,

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Plantations, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. Page 10

14. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

15. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn 5 to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of Lieenfed Distillers; and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland. 12

16. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty* first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Impprtation into Ireland, Duty-free, of Corn and other Provisions. 16

17. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. Ibid.

18. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty Dull be suspended. 17

19. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenth fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without ray-ment of Duty. 18

*0. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Power of appointing Superintendant6 of Quarantine and their Assist-

antSv. Ibid.

21. An Act for amending and continuing so amended, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His

Efent Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several ws iu force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Port* in the West Indies. Ibid.

22. An Act for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to purchase certain Quays within the Port of London. 19

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. Ibid.

24. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for completing the Militia of Great Britain; and to make further Provision for completing the said Militia. 22

25. An Act to amend several Acts, relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain. 23

26. An Act for granting a Duty on Foreign Plain Linen taken out of Warehouse and exported to Foreign Parts. 26

27. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, certain Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture. Ibid.

28. An Act for increasing the Rate of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 27

29. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Irish Road Acts. 28

jo. An Act to regulate the Fees payable to Coroners in Ireland, upon holding lnquifitious. 29

31. An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland. Page 29

32. An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the

Parliament of Ireland, so far as relates to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages 5 for enacting other Limitations in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 30

33. An Act for enabling Tenants in Tail and for Life, and also Ecclesiastical Persons, to grant Land for the Purpose of endowing Schools in Ireland. 33

34. An Act for allowing the Exportation of British and Irish

made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other. 34

35. An Act for altering the Mode of collecting the Duty or*

Insurances against Loss by Fire, upon Property in His Majesty's Islands and Possessions in the West Indies, and elsewhere beyond the Seas 5 and for exempting certain Bonds and Receipts from Stamp Duty, for giving Relief in certain Cases of Stamps spoiled or misused, and for explaining Part of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain. 33

36. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge an additional Number of Exchequer Bills. 38

37. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity

on His Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wolfen but tel. 39

38. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the

Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, and to amend the fame. Hid,

39. An Act for repaying in certain Cases the Duty paid on the Export of Foreign Plain Linen. 41

40. An Act for discontinuing the Bounty on Exportation of

Oil «f Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol. Ibid.

41. An Act for placing the Duties of Hawker* and Pedlars

under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches. 42

42. An Act for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the

Isle of Many and for placing the fame under the Manager-men t of the Commissioners of Customs in England. 47

43. An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair, Roads

made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads

and Bridges. 51

44. An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Super-

annuation to the Officers of Excise in Scotland, under certain Restrictions. 53.

45. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way

of Annuities. 54

46. An Act for encouraging the Consumption of Malt Liquor

in Ireland. Ibid.

47. An Act to extend and amend the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirty fever.th Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Maintenance of Infulvent Debtors detained in Prison in Ireland. 55

48. An Act to repeal Three Acts, made in the Twenty eighth. Thirtieth and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and* to enact other Regulations for carrying the Objects of the said Acts into Effect* <>7

4, Ah

(Publick General) 509 GEO. III.

111

49. An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor,

so far as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overseers by justices of the Peace, Page 64

50. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the more effectual carrying the fame into Execution 5 and to extend the Provisoes thereof to Parities which shall not have adopted the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. 65

51. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Se-

venth Year of King James the First, as relates to the Punishment of Women delivered of Ballard Children; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 66

52. An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year of King William the Third, as requires poor Persons receiving Alms to wear Badges. 67

53. An Act for preventing Frauds relating to the Exportation of British and Irish made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other. Ibid.

54. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. 71

55. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Italian Silk

Crapes and Tiffanies, and to increase the Shares of Seizures payable to Officers in respect of Foreign wrought Silks and Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves. Ibid.

56. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the lall

Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Six Pence in the Pound, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends. 72

57. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. 73

58. An Act to amend several Acts for the Redemption arid

Sale of the Land Tax. 74

59. An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Publick, by any Collector, Receiver or other Person entrusted with the Receipt, Care or Management thereof. 73

0. An Act for permitting the Exportation to Newfoundland of Foreign Salt, Duty-fre*, from the Import Warehouses at the Port of Bristol; and for repealing so much of an Act of the last Session as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, to be shipped in any Port of Europe direct to certain Ports in North America. Ibid.

61. An Act for making Sugar and Coffee, of Guadaloupe,

Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin, and Sala, liable to the same Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Phrtations. 76

62. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling

in the Isle of Man. Ibid.

63. An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Br axils. 80

4. An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from the Port in Great Britain where first warehoused, to any other warehousing Port for the Purpose of Exportation. Ibid.

65. An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafe?.

Page 82

66. An Act to authorize the Judge Advocate General to

send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage. 87

67. An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the Counties of Somerst and Devon. Ibid.

68. An Act for raising the Sum of One million four hundred

thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland. 88

69. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

70. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty't

Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of stich Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. Ibid.

71. An Act for appropriating Part of the Surplus of the

Stamp Duties granted in the Forty eighth Year of Hi* present Majesty, for defraying the Charges of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Session of Parliament. Ibid.

72. An Act for improving and completing the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. 89

73. An Act to alter, explain and amend the Laws now in

force respecting the Trade of Bakers, residing out of the City of London or the Liberties thereof, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. 97

74. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain additional

Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland.99

75. An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty on

Dwelling Houses in Ireland, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein. Ibid.

76. An Act to repeal certain Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland. ioa

77. An Act for imposing additional Duties of Customs on

certain Species of Wood imported into Great Britain. 105

78. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Forty seventh Yea:

of His present Majesty, for suppressing Insurrection, and preventing the Disturbances of the Publick Peace in Ireland. 107.

9. An Act for regulating the Continuance of Licence: for distilling Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland. Ib; d.

80. An Act for reviving and further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, several Laws for allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and of certain Fiili from Parts of the Coast of His

jt liy's North American Colonies, and for granting Bounties thereon. ' 4 Ibid.

81. An Act to continue, until the First Day of Augull

(hie thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments received in several, Publick Offices iii Ireland, to examine into any Abusex* which may exill in the fffme, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Publick Moucy ia Ireland J 08.

2 2 82. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

82. An Act to amead the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax

Seed and Hemp Seed in Ireland. Page 108

83. An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen

Manufacture, and for indemnifying Persons liable to any Penalty for having acted contrary thereto. Ibid.

84. An Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends, in certain

Cases, in Scotland. 109

85. An Act to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices,

in respect of which Security ought to be given: and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices, in the Event of such Security not being given within a Time to be limited after the Grant of such Office. 113

86. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Thirty ninth

and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the East India Company shall hire ana take up Ships. 115

87. An Act to amend Two Acts, relating to the raising Men

for the Service of the East India Company 5 and the Quartering and Billetting such Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial. Ibid.

88. An Act to make Provisions for a limited Time respecting

certain Grants of Offices. 117

89. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth D^y of

March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Charge of the Pav and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland, and for making allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 118

90. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing

of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. 12 1

91. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.'125

92. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to

Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. Ibid.

93. An Act for the improving and completing the Harbour

of Holyhead, in the Isle of Anglesea.*127

94. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to

be raised by Lotteries. 132

95. An Act to enable the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. Ibid.

96. An Act to amend an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for inertajing the Rates of Sub-

JiJlfhce to he said to Innkeepers and others on quartering

Soldiers. 134

97. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Dutes, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland. 135

An Act for raffing the Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten. 141

99. An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the making of Malt, and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and the Regulations of Braziers and of Persons employing more than one Still in Ireland. Page 141

100. An Act for respiting certain Fines imposed on Stills in

Ireland. 143

101. An Act for confirming an Agreement for the Purchase of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, entered into by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, and the Right Honourable Walter Earl of 0/*-monde and OJfory and his Trustees, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.'Ibid.

102. An Act for the more effectually preventing the administering and taking of unlawful Oaths in Ireland; and for the Protection of Magistrates and Witnesses in Criminal

Cases. 147

103. An Act for repealing the several Laws relating to

Prisons in Ireland, and for re-enacting such of the rro-visions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments. 149

104. An Act for altering the Amount of certain Duties of

Affiflied Taxes granted by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for granting to His Majesty certain other Duties of Assessed Taxes on the Articles therein mentioned. 167

105. An Act to regulate the manner of making Surcharges

of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Pro-its arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and for amending the Acts relating to the said Duties respectively. 170

106. An Act for regulating the manner of assessing Lands in

certain Cases to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and for giving Relief from the said Duties on occasion of Losses in other Cases therein mentioned. 177

107. An Act to regulate the Examination and Payment of Alignments for Clothing of His Majesty's Forces. 179

108. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of Hib present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and the Protection of the Persons employed therein. 1S0

109. An Act to continue for Two Years, and from thence

until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland. 183

no. An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by inland Navigation. 184

in. An Act to limit the Amount of Pensions to be granted out of the Civil List of Scotland. 187

112. An Act for abridging the Form uf extracting De-

crees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court. Ibid.

113. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of

Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain. J98

114. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money,

to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the Terifis therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.Ibid.

115. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten;

and

V

(Public General) 50° GEO. III.

and for farther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sdfioo of Parliament. Page 199

116. A a A €t to extend and aracud the Term ana Pro*

vilions of in AA of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Preservation of Timber in the Arenv Forejly in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forett, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. 204

117. An Act to diredfc that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Publick Salaries, Pensions and Allowances,

shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances. Page 205

118. An Act for regulating the Offices of Registrars of

Admiralty and Prize Courts. 207

119. An Act for further amending and enlarging the Powers

of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places neai to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. 208

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

or printed Copies whereof are declared to be evidence.

An Act for makinp a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Cumberland. Page 214

ii* An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Albion Street in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Glou-refer y to Busub L, ane in or near the Village of Bishop*s Clevfy in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Evesham in the County of Wor-ce/fer, to the said Town of Cheltenham. 219

in. An Act for altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Sbotley Bridge, in the County of Durham. ibid,

iv. An Act for erecting a Justiciary and County Hall and*

other Offices For the County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

v. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty second

Year of His late Majesty, for better lighting and cleansing the Open Places, Streets, Squares and other Passages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton Fob gate other wise Norton Falley % in the County of Middlefejc, which is Extra-parochial, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

*i. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shaddon Gate near 'Carlisle to Mulajidey and to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland, 220

vii. An Act for repairing the Road from Catterick Bridge in the County of Toriy through the Towns of Tarmy Stockton and Sedgejieldy to the City of Durham in the County of Durbamy and for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty for repairing the said ..Road. Ibid.

viii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Doncnsler through Ferry bridge, to the South Side of Tadcasler Croft in the County of Fori. Ibid.

ix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet

of Chiroeiejy in the Manor and Parish of Chieveleyf in the County of Berks. Ibid.

x. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda. Ibid.

L An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of Hii pi dent Majesty, so far as the same relate to the

Road from Buckland Dinham to Radford Bridge, and from Miifomer Norton to Norton Saint Phillip, and from Kirn erf don to Radjlock in the County of Somerset, Page 220

xii. An Act for continuing the Term and amending Two

Acts passed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the several Roads therein described, so far as the said Ai ts relate to the District of Road from Bury to Hajlingden, and from thence to Blackburn and Wballey, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a Branch of Road from Portheld to the West End of the Town of Padiham, in the same County. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, pasted in the Tenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louthy in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for repairing, altering and improving the Road from Titchfield to Cosham, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of Two Acts, pasted in the Twenty ninth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wakefield to jibber-ford in the County of York. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the

Powers of an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of WhitejLeet Hilly to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Eyns-

ford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sborebamy in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Sevenoaks to Bromley, in the said County. 221

xix. An Act for better aftefting and collecting the Poor

and other Rates, in the Parish of Lambetby in the County of Surrey; and regulating the Poor thereof. Ilia,

xx. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, pasted in the

Twentieth Year of His late Majesty and the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining the Publick Conduits and other Water \$trks belonging to the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

xxi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth

and

VI

The TITLES of

and Thirtieth Years df His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset. Page 221

xxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lower

Saint Cro/s Mill Lane, (on the Road from the City of Win-ehester to the Town of Southampton) to Park Gate, on the Road from Southampton to Gosport, in the County of Southampton.

xxiii. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing and

watching the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, therein, and for making other Improvements in the said Town. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of

the E lief me re Canal to extend the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal from Sherry man's Bridge to CaJlle Welly in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and for amending the several Acts for making the said Canal. Ibid.

Xxv. An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Bishop Wearmouth and Bishop Wearmouth Panns, for cleansing, paving and regulating the Footpaths, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Dover, and for removing ana preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and cleansing

the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham; for removing the Market; for building a Town Hall or Market House; and for otherwise improving the said Town; and for establishing a Watch on the River Wear. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers

of an Act passed for empowering the Commissioner for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjaaent, to ctlleft certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned..Ibid.

xxix. An Act for constructing a Pier or Harbour at or near

the Town of Kincardine, in the County of Perth. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for regulating the New Market Place in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and preserving certain Low Grounds in the Parish of Laneham, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act to alter and explain an Act made in the Forty

seventh Year of His present Majesty, to enable the Provident Institution to sue in the Name of their Managing Director, and to enrol Annuities. 222

xxxiii. An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty fi th

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for incorporating and regulating the Clyde Marine Society. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts,

passed in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty, and Second and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster in the County of Turk, to Salter's Brook in the County of Chester.^Ibid.

xxxv. An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of Hi* present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Marchzuitl, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenlury and Hanmer, in lie County of Flint, to a certain House therein mentioned

the STATUTES,

in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of CheRer; and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the County of Salop. Page 2 22

xxxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Blackburn through Padiham and Burnley to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for continuing the fame Road through Glafburn and Silfden to Addingham and Cocking End, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East

M'irkham9 in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirteenth

Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the Town of Bright helm/lone, in the County of Sussex, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Market; for building and repairing Groyns to render the Coast safe and commodious; for landing Coal ztod Culm, and laying a Duty thereon, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for regulating Weights and Measures, and building a Town Hall. ' Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wen-

sum9 in the City of Norwich, to the Hamlet of Thorps % in the County of the said City. Ibid.

xl. An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Streets and other Publick Passages within the Town of Pontefract, in the County of York, for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for altering and amending an Act, pafl*ed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xli. An Act for watching, and more effectually lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Liberty of Trippctt and the Lordship or Precinct of Myton, in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; and for preventing Nuisances therein; and also for preventing Frauds ana Impositions in the Quality, Measure and Carriage of Coals fold in the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Lowcjlofl, in the County of Suffolk. # Ibid.

xliii. An Act for providing an Additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Luke, Ckclfea, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for further enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex. 223 xlv. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for improving the Upper End of the Barr: r Bank, on the North Side of the WaJJ) of the Hundred Feet River, in the Isle of Ely, and Comities of Cambridge and Huntingdon. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for improving the Lower End of the Barrier Bank, between Salter's Lode and Welsh: 's Dam Bridge, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Nor-fo/k. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the

Poweis of an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rumney in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in thg

County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

xlix. Aa

(Local &? Personal) 50* GEO. IIE vii

xfix. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts passed in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth and Thirty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and to make and repair certain additional Branches of Road communicating therewith. P°Se 223

L An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River South Fjk, at or near Montrose. Ibid.

E. An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by His Majesty to the Royal Institution of Great Britain, and for extending and more effectually promoting the Objects

thereof. Ibid.

Ei. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of federal Aftjp of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh, and for more effectually repairing, improving and keeping in Repair certain other Roads in the County of Carnarvon. 226

Eii. An Act to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers " of Two Acts of the Seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars' Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Welh to Mares field, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

Kv. An Act for continuing and amending Two Aft6 passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from I^emsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage to Hitehin, and from Wel-«through Codicot to Hitehin aforesaid, all in the County Hertford. Ibid.

It. An Act for making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near Stopham Bridge, in the Parish of Pullorovgh, in the County of Sussex, to the Road running from Worthing to Horsham, in the said County; and from the said Road running from Worthing to Horsham to the Direction Post in the Parish of Steyning, on the Turnpike Road leading from Sieyning to Horsham, in the said County. Ibid.

Hi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wo'verhampton, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads therein described; and for extending the said Roads from King9! Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Weston under Lizard to Newport, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

Hii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, improving and amending the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County Palatine of l.ancaficr. Ibid.

Ivin. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

£x. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham in the County of York, to MansJUld in the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading ^jrom Worksop to Kelham, at or near Badly in the County of Nottidgham. 227

lx. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Par. lizment of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, as relates to the Roads within the Barony of Ratbclown. Hid.

lxi. An M for amending an Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Bucktcn

Burn through Berwick upon Tweed to Lamrherton Hitl, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed. Page 22 7 lxii. An Act to amend several Acts for repairing Road3 leading to and through the Town of Frame in the County of Somerset, and for paving the Footways and lighting the Streets within»*he said Town, and for removing Part of the present Market Place in the said Town. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Hardingfione to Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Fling and Fawley, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trusts and Powers of the Settlement mad* on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Catel Coningejby Earl of Fffex, with Sarah Countess of Essex, his Wife. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Blelchley, in the County of Bucking+ ham. Ibid.

lx vii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Plumfield and Pofiwick, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for paving, lighting, cleaufing and watching

the Burgh of Kilmarnock, and Suburbs thereof; for regulating the Police and Markets; and for other Purpose* therein mentioned..Ibid.

lxix. An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour within the County of Stirling. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to amend several Act of the Thirteenth; Thirty fifth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for deepening and making more commodious the Harbour of Aberdeen. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint John, Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth and Clackmannan. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith. 2 28

lxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of WJbtch in the Ifie of Fly, in the County of Cambridge, to the Town of Thorney in the lame Isle and County. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, by permitting Johns* Patent Teflera to be used in the Covering of Houses and Buildings within the Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Cnnal to vary the Line of the said Canal; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fortieth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal and a Collateral Cut thereto. 229

lxxvii. An Act for improving the Barrier Bank on the

South Side of Moretonys Leam, between Tower House and Whittlesey Field, in the ]Jle of Ely and County of Cambridge. Ibid.

lxx v ii. An Act to amend and reader more effoftual Two Acts of His late and present Majesty for draining, preserving and inclosing Lands in March, Wimblinglon and Upwe/l, in the Ifie of Fly and County of Cambridge, so far as the said

viii The TITLES of the STATUTES,

said Acts relate to the First and Second Districts therein mentioned. Fage 229

lxxix. An Act for draining and improving certain Lands in the Manors, Parishes ana Places of North Weston, Walton and other Places in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of St&ton, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for embanking and draining a certain Level of Marshes and Fen Lands called or known by the Name of The Minfmere I.evel, within the several Parishes of Leifton, with the Hamlet of Sizewell, Theberton, Dunwich, Wcflleton and Middleton cum Fordley, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze in the said Town* Ibid.

txxxiit. An Act for better lighting, watching, cleansing and rroairing the Highways, and otherwise improving the Hamlet of Ratcliff\ in the County of Middlesex, and for repealing an Act of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty relative thereto; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for better paving and lighting, for establishing a Nightly Watch, for regulating the Poor, and recovering the Poor Rates within the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon a Publick and Common Gaol; and for other Purposee in the said Act mentioned. # Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse, and Fofs Bridge over the River Fofs, in the City of Toth; for widening, raising and improving certain Streets, Lanes and Passages leading and near to the said Bridges 5 and for making certain other Improvements in the said City. 230

lxxxvii. An Act for maintaining a Bridge across the River Beauley, to be called The Lovat Bridge, in the County of Inver ness. Ibid.

lxxxviiL An Act for making and maintaining a Road partly by an Archway through the East Side of Highgate Hill, communicating with the present Turnpike Road from London to Barnet, at Upper Holloway, in the Parish of Saint Mary IfJington, and near the Brook below the Fifth Mile Stone, iii the Parish of Hornsey, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ixxxix. An Act to enable the Birmingham Life Assurance and Annuity Office to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to mrol Annuities. Ibid.

xc. An Act to enable the Birmingham Fire Office Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary. Ibid.

xc; . An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne. Ibid.

xcaj. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road trom the Red House, near Doncaster, to tpe South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to Weeland, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xriii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick to the Town of Northampton. Page 230

xciv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, to Hochliffe, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Birmingham to Warmington, and from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill. '^Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Eighth and Twenty eighth Years of His present Majesty, Id far as the same relate to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby. Ibid.»

xcvii. An Act for er.lai^irg the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth, and for making a New Piece of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Staplebar to Lingen, and from thence to Willey's Oak, and from Kingsham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, and from Lingen aforesaid to Waif or d, in the County of Hereford. 231

xcix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town 01 Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

c. An Act to continue the Term, sand alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bolton in the Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making a Branch of Road from the said Road to the Road leading from Blackburn to Preston; and another Branch of Road from Mather Fold to Hardman s, both in Turton in the said County. Ibid.

ci. An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near the Town of Brewton, and other Roads, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, therein described. Ibid.

cii. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing th^ Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanfley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Keljlidge, in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

ciii. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Second, Eleventh and Twenty fecoud Yeat of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, to the Road from Ashborn to Buxton, near Thorp in the County of Derby, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek, to the Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the said Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

I civ. An

{Local Personalf) 50° GEO. III.

tW. An Act to continue the Terra and alter and enlarge the Power of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadh to Botham House % and from thence to Buttcrlon Moor End, in the County of Stafford, Page 231

C*. An Act for enabling the Tniftees of George Earl of Coventry, to cut down and fell Timber on the Estates devised to him for Life by the Will of his late Father, deceased. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for vesting the legal Fee of certain Estates deviled by the Will of the Right Honourable Richard late Lord Penrhyn, and now veiled in William Norris Esquire, in William Lt Blanc and his Heirs, upon the Trusta subsisting or capable of taking EfFeft in the said Estates. Ibid.

*vii. An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates in the surviving Trustee under the Will of Elizabeth £ adding t on, deceased. Ibid.

cvtii. An Act for incorporating she Archbishop of Cafhely the Bishop of Leighlin and Ferns % the Bishop of OJforjy and the Dean of OJfory, and their respective Successors for the time being, into a Corporation, to be called by the Name of*The Trustees of the Asylum in the City of*KilkennyJ founded by James Switfir Esquire, and for enabling them to carry on that charitable and useful Institu-tion, according to the Provisions of a certain Trust Deed, executed by the said James Switfir. 232

cix. An Act for vesting a Messuage and Premisea near Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, devised by the Will of John Sparling Esquire deceased, in Trustees in trull to sell the same, and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates. Ibid.

«x. An Act to confirm and establish certain Inclosures of Lands, within the Parish of RojJ\ngton % in the West Riding of the County of York; and also to effc6luate an Exchange, lately made between the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgeifet of the Borough of Doncajlery and the Rector of RoJJmgton aforesaid. Ibid.

«xi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newnton Bloffomville otherwise Newton BloflbmvilUy in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Tellefcomb otherwise Tdfcombe, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ttdenham % Woolafione and Lancaut, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of Berrick Priory and in the Manor and Parish of Newington, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Codicotef Welwyn and Knebworth, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Glad-dejiry and Cokvay in the County of Radnor. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for inclosing the Open Fields of New-boid Per don and Newbold Heath, in the County of Lei-ctfitr. Ibid.

cxviiL An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of En-borne, Hamjiead Marshall, Ink pen and Kintbury, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

cxix An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty tirft Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal jo Geo. III.

from the Union Canal, in the Parish of Gtmley, in the County of Leicejlety to join the Grand Junction Canal near Long Buciby, in the County of Northampton; and for making a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal. Page 233 cxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Howler Slade in the roreft of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to the Town of Monmouth; and for mafeing other Railways therein mentioned in the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the River Severny from the rarish of Newn-ham to the Parish of Arlingham, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for improving the Drainage of certain Lands within the North and South Well Parts of the Middle Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of a certain Sea Bank within the said Parish. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leake % in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of the New Sea Bank within the said Panlh. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for amending, enlarging and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, for the effectual draining and preserving of a certain Fen called Caw die Feny and other Fen Grounds in the Isle of Ely % in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing the Parochial Allotments, Lands and Grounds belonging to and in certain Parishes having Right of Common on the said Fens, and for declaring to what Parishes such Allotments shall belong. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a new Church', to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; and for providing a Maintenance and residence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for the more equally assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Hamlet of Mile End Old Towny in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stebon Heath otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, to alter, enlarge or repair a Workhouse or Workhouses of the said Hamlet, and managing the Concerns thereof. Ibid.

cxxxti. An Act to enatue the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and to alter, vary, amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Waterworks; and for extending the fame. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Buckingham, through Brack ley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Road near Banbury.'Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Re; gu, for repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads lying in the Counties of Leiceftr and Warwick and in the County of the Cuy jof Coventry $ and for amending and keeping in Repair thq b Road

X

The TITLES of the STATUTES

Road from Bourne Bridge to Blythe Bridge in the County of Warwick. Page 234

cxxxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Yjlrad, in the Parish of Lanfahon, in the County of Glamorgan, to Pontymoil, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth, with a collateral Branch to join the Newport Turnpike Road'at Rifca, in the County of Monmouth; and for building a Bridge at or near If rad aforesaid, and another Bridge near Penll-wyn, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Brandlefome Alois Gate, in the Township of Elton, to the Duke of York'* rublick House, in the Township of Black-burnt and Three several Branches of Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cxxsviii. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to vtf the settled Estates of John Hamilton ritzmaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees in Trujl to be sold for the Payment of Debts ajfcQing the fame, and bts other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof for the Investment of the Ref due of the Monies to arise by such Saley in the Purchase of other Estatesr to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Efates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dy-merchion, in the County of Flint. Ibid.

cxl. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Culham9 in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for paving the Footways and Cross-paths, and lighting, cleansing and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Publick Passages and Places in the Town and Parish of Romsey Infrat and in the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for inclosing, draining and preserving Lands in the Parish of Thirne in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

cxliii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more tffedual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Wimblington9 in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely % in the County of Cambridge, so far as the said Act relates to the Lands in the Second Dill rid therein described. Ibid.

cxliv. An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the Limits from Eafi Moulsey in Surrey, to Ra-venjborne in Kent. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chefery and for rebuilding the Tower thereof, and for making a Cemetery or Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish. Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act for better and more effectually paving, lighting, cleansing watching and otherwise improving the Streets, Ways and other Publick Passages and Places in the City and County of the City of Exeter. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other Publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, which are or shall be made upon Ground belonging to Jof ph Lucas Esquire. 235

cxlviii. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames or Ifs, at or near the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join or commuuicate

with the Kennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge in the County of Wilts, and also certain navigable Cuts therein described. Page 235

cxlix. An Act for making more effectual Provision for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, regulating and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the Parish of Saint Luke9 in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cl. An Act for supplying with Water Upper and Lower Holloway, Highbury, Cannonbury, Upper f/Iington, and their respective Vicinities, all in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

cli. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, 'for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London. Ibid.

clii. An Act for authorizing the Removal of the Infirmary of the County of Kildare from the Town of Kildare to the Town of Naas. Ibid.

cliii. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amend-ingj improving and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath 5 and for granting other Powers for more effectually improving the several Roads therein described, being in and leading to and from the said City. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridget near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Poll in Kingsthorpe, in the County of Northampton, to Welf or d Bridge in the same County. Ibid.

civ. An Act to enable Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay Baronet, to exercise certain Powers of jointuring and charging certain settled EHates in the County of Essex with Portions for younger Children. Ibid.

dvi. An Act for vesting certain settled Estates late the Property of Susanna Hake deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, to be applied for the Benefit of the Parties entitled to the said EHates. Hid.

clvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Divisions of Lewh-nor and P of comb, in the Parish of Lewknor in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kidlington in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stainton and Edlingtony in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

clx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheadle9 in the County Palatine of Chtfer. Ibid.

clxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothbury, in the County of Northumberland. 236

clxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Barony of Prudhoe, and in the Parish of Ovingham, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

clxiii. An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter to be called, u The Gas Light and Coke Company,' for making Inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets of the Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, AL phaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and essentiai Oil, from Coal, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

clxiv. An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners* Cursitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag, of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulation* in the Examinees Office of the said

Court 1

XI

(Local & Personal)50° GEO. III.

Court; and for making Provision for such of the Examiner^ Deputy Examiners-and Clerks, as from Length of Service, or from Age and Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court 5 and for making other Payments in respect of the said Offices. Page 243

dxv. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of .Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the Couoty Palatine of Lancaster.*251

clxvi. An Act for amending an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, King Charles the Second, so far as the fame relates to the River Brandon ©therwife the Lesser Ou % e9 from the White House near Brandon Ferry to Thetford in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for improving the Navigation of the said River. Ibid.

clxvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Town of Greenock, and the Harbours thereof; for regulating the Police; and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts. Ibid.

clxviii. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's . Reign for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

clxix. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other publick Passages in the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

dxx. An Act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, which are or shall be made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging to Thomas Harrison Esquire, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex. - Ibid.

dxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Ashford to or near to Buxton, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

clxxii. An Act for confirming and carrying into EfFed an Agreement entered into on Behalf of Alexander Duke of Gordon, and by Sir Alexander Per.rose Camming Gordon Baronet, deceased; and for enabling Sir William Gordon Camming Gordon Baronet, and Charles Lennox Camming Esquire, and their respective Heirs, to make Exchanges of certain Parts of their respective Entailed Estates, under the Authority and by the Directions of the Court of SeffioB in Scotland. Ibid.

dxxiii. An Act for exchanging Parts of the Fee Simple Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the Counties of Surrey t Sussex and Middlesex, for Parts of his Settled Estates in the County of York; and for veiling several Mettuagea and Lands, other Parts of the said Duke's Settled Estates in the said Counties of Tori, Sussex and Middlesex, and in the County of Nottingham, in trust to fell 5. and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates. Ibid.

dxxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester to Wooilon Bqffett in the County of Wilts, and a Branch of Road from the Mcdmesbury and Cireneester Turnpike Road near CrudoveU Church to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Crick lade to Malmesbury at or near Minety Common. Ibid.

dxxv. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Kent % late of Htnsry Lyell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thofgoff for defraying the Expences of inclosing certain

Lands in the County of Cambridge, and for investing the Suiplus Money in the Purchase of other EHates, to be settled to the fubiifting Uses of the Will and Codicils of the said Henry Lyell. Page 252

clxxvi. An Act for empowering the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and their Lessees, Edmund White, John White and William Parker Terry, to grant building and repairing Leases of Lands and Buildings at South Lambeth, in the County of Surrey 5 pursuant to an Agreement entered into for those Purpotcs. 4 1 - Ibid.

clxxvii. An Act for enabling Jane Player Wiaow, and others, to grant Leases of certain Estates at or near Ryds in the Isle of Wight, in- the County of Southampton, devised by the Will of the late William Player Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates. Ibid.

clxxviii. An Act for discharging the Estate of George Frederick Stratton Esquire, in the Parish of Great Tc<w % in the County of Oxford, from certain Trusts thereof, and for substituting another Estate in the same County in lieu thereof. Ibid.

clxxix. An Act for vesting several Fee Farm Rents or Annual Sums, devised by the Will of Robert Scott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

clxxx. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Chejhr and Buckinghamf late of the Reverend Richard Levett, Lucy his Wife, and Ellen Byrdt Spinster, in Trustees, upon trust to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates. Ibid.

clxxxi. An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain settled Estates of David Ross Esquire, deceased, situate in the County of Down in Ireland, and in the City of Bath in England. Ibid.

clxxxii. An Act for effectuating a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery of certain Estates situate in the County of Monmouth, devised by the Wills of John Blewitt Esquire, and Frances Fettiplace, deceased. Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, and Henry Woodgate Esquire, of Estates in the County of Kent. Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Great Longstone, Little Longstone and IVardloWy in the County of Derby. Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paiiflies of Wringtony Tatton and Kenny in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

clxxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Caer-einion Ifcoedy in the County of Montgomery. Hid.

clxxxvii. An Act for more effectually cleansing, lighting and watching the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Mcl-combe Regis in the County of Dorset, and removing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; for licensing and regulating Chairmen and other Persons plying for Hire; for establishing Markets 5 and for giving further Powers to the Quay Mailer of the Harbour of the said Town. Ibid.

clxxxviii. An Act to continue for Two Years an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Right of Presentation to the Rectory and

Parish of Simonburny in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing, for a limited Time. 253

clxxxix. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act

b 2 patted

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein* and of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Nairn, locally situated in the County of Ross. Page 253

cxc. An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Join at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxci. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, over and upon certain Parcels of Land in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of Two Acts passed in the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, as prevents the erecting Buildings on certain Parts of the said Parcels of Land, within a limited Distance from the Sides of such of the Roads therein mentioned as abut thereon; and for improving Saint George's Fields aforesaid. Ibid.

cxcii. An Act for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Management, Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty, for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin. Ibid.

cxciii. An Act to incorporate and regulate an Institution, to be called u The Belfast Academical Injiitution for affording to Youth a Classical and Mercantile Education. Ibid.

cxciv. An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual Two Acts of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouse, and bounded on the South by the Hard Lands of MefaU, Wicham, Wentworth, Wickford, Ely, Dowtiham and Littleport; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, called Inverted Lands. Ibid.

cxcv. An Act for vesting a certain Plot of Land on JVandon otherwise Wavendon Heath in the County of Buckingham, in the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for charging the fame and certain Estates of the said Duke with a perpetual Annual Rent Charge, to be payable to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Wandon otherwise Wavendon in the said County, in Manner and upon the Trails therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxcvi. An Act for vesting the settled Estates at Eltham, in the County of Kent, of the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Anne Lord Rancliffe, in Trustees upon Trust, to sell the same, or to make Grants in Fee, or Leases of the fame, for the Purpose of building; and to lay out the Monies arising by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxcvii. An Act for exchanging the entailed Estate of the Right Honourable Amabell Baroness Lucas, in the County of Wilts, for other Estates of the said Baroness Lucas, the Right Honourable Mary Jemima Dowager Lady Gran-5

tham, and the Right Honourable Thomas Philip Lord Grantham, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, and for varying the Powers of Leafing in the Settlement of the said Estates in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk. Page 253 cxcviii. An Act for vesting the Lease of the Governors of Bethlem Hospital in the Scite of the Hospital, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London by whom it was granted; and for authorizing the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to grant certain 'Lands in Saint George's Fields, in lien thereof, to Trustees for the* Governors of the said Hospital for the like Term, for the Purpose of erecting a new Hospital thereon on an enlarged^ Scale. 254-

cxcix. An Act for empowering the surviving Trustees under the Will of Robert Aufen Esquire, deceased, to cut down certain Timber Trees on the devised Estates in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses-of the fame Will. Ibid.

cc. An Act for enabling George Byng Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands and Premises, situate in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middle* sex. Ibid.

cci. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Slapton, in the County of Buckingham, and within the Hamlet of Horton, lying in the same Parish, and in the several Parishes of Ivinghoe, Eddlesborough and Pightlef borne, in the same County. Ibid.

ccii. An Act for inclosing Whitchurch Common, and other Waste Lands in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cciii. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the

Powers of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in pursuance of an Agreement between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effect. Ibid.

cciv. An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, in relation to the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for the further Improvement of the said Navigation. Ibid.

ccv. An Act to explain an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for th* more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof, so far as relates to the lighting of Rutland Square in the said City. Ibid.

ccvi. An Act for establishing a Cattle Market within the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely 5 for taking down and removing the Shambles therein; for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Town, and removing Nuisances therein; for preserving and improving the Port and Harbour of Wisbech; and for regulating the Pilots belonging thereto. Ibid.

ccvii. An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses, called the Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhkhe, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

ccviii. An Act for better regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Paul Shjdwell, in the County of Middlesex; for better lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, repairing and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the said Parish; and fos repealing

Three

{Local & 'Personal) 50° GEO. III. xiii

Thre« Act* fewaffy passed in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Fifteenth*Years of His present Majesty relative thereto. Page 274 «cix. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Ratefe within the Parish of Saint Botolph toabout Aldgally in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ccx. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxf rdx and from Burford to the Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, and from Swerjord Gate, in the County of Oxford, to the Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton. 275

ccxi. An Act for confirming and rendering perpetual a Partition between the Trustees of Henry Smith's Charity and John Newnham Esquire, of divers Estates in Worth and Balcombct other wise Baulcombe, Ar dinghy, Crawley aDd IJieldy in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cciti. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Trellecb, Ben alt. Mitchel Troyf Cwmcarvan, Landogo, Tin-tern and Daine/bes1, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

CCJtiii/ An Act for incloting Lands in the Manor of Nether KelLt, in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands9in the County Palatine of L»aucaster. Ibid.

ccxiv. An Act for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lanes upon the Conditions and under the Regulations therein mentioned. Page 275

ccxv. An Act to alter and amend the Lidney and Lidbrook.Railway Act, to vary certain Parts of the said Railway, and to extend the fame from Lidbrook to Bship's Woody and from the Lower Forge to the Cross Pill, and for making a Bason and Canal to communicate with the River Severn at Nafs Point. 283

ccxvi. An Act for establishing a Chapel of Ease at Tremadocy in the Chapelry of Ynyfynhaiarn9 in the County of Carnarvon. Ibid.

ccxvii. An Act for removing One of the Trustees of the settled Estates and the other settled Property of the Reverend Richard Burton Burton Phillipson9 and for veiling the fame i» other Trustees, and for enabling the High Court of Chancery to appoint new Trustees.^Ibid.

ccxviii. An Act for difafforefting the Forest of South otherwise Eafi Bere otherwise Bier9 in the County of Southamptot1, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.


1. AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry Wellesley with the Right Honourable Lady Charlotte Wellesley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.
2. An Act for naturalizing Fredrick Fredricks.
3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Yaxham, Westfield, Whinbergh and Garvestone, in the County of Norfolk.
4. An Act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Heisch.
5. An Act for naturalizing John Simon Brandstrom.
6. An Act for inclosing Lands in Glaffon, inthe County of Cumberland.
7. An Act for inclosing Lands in Kirkbride, in the County of Cumberland.
[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]
8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warblington, in the County of Southampton.
9. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Henry Staudenmayer.
10. An Act for naturalizing William Lagemann.
11. An Act for naturalizing Charles William Neuman.
12. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Reinholdt af Uhr.
13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Blechingley and Horne, in the County of Surrey.
14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stanway, in the County of Gloucester.
[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]
15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Tollerton, in the Parish of Alne, in the North Riding of the County of York.
[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]
16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thuxton, in the County of Norfolk.
17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Township of Whitfield, in the Manor and Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby.
18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Chilterne Saint Mary, in the County of Wilts.
19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Haflingfield, in the County of Cambridge.
20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent.
21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hemsby, in the County of Norfolk.
22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hardley and Langley, in the County of Norfolk.
23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Badsworth, in the County of York.
24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Holt, in the County of Worcester.
25. An Act for inclosing Lands in Hunshelf, in the West Riding of the County of York.
[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]
26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Attercliffe and Darnal, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York.
27. An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Garforth, in the West Riding of the County of York.
28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sedgberrow, in the County of Worcester.
[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]
29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sellinge, in the County of Kent.
[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]
30. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Barley, in the County of Hertford.
31. An Act for naturalizing Paul William Bertheau.
32. An Act for naturalizing Frederick James Horn.
33. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Sack.
34. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Leiston and Theberton, in the County of Suffolk.
35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Amberley, in the County of Sussex.
[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]


The TITLES of the STATUTES,

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Brundholme, in the County of Cumberland.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangunnor and Llanddaroff in the County of Carmarthen.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Thorington9 in the County of Essex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Roxton} in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Penfham, in the Parish of Saint Andrew in Perfhore9 in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Walditchy in the County of Dorset.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alvington, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

43. An Act for inclosing Lanas in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of AVer-pevere/l, in the Parish of Columpton9 in the County of Devon.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Bonehill otherwise Bunhill, in the Parish of Bromsgrove % in the County of Worcester.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in Portsea9 in the County of Southampton.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Friday* thorpe, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

4«. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Soulby9 in the County of IVefmorland.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tow'd ship of Wath upon Dearmey in the County of York.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Parish of Bojiony in the County of Lincoiny called Boston Ea/l.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Parish of Gi/lingy in Richmondshiret in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

52. An Act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Manors of Glyndyfrdwy otherwise Glyndwrdwy9 Rug and Gwyddelwern, in the County of Merioneth.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fishtofty in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gosforthy in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

55. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of certain Lands in the Township of Great

Sheepey, in the Parish of Sheepey9 in t^e County of Leicester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

56. An Act for inclosing Lanas in the Parishes of Llanabery Llanddwywcy LlancndJ<wyn % Llanbedr and Llanfair, in the County of Merioneth.

[Allotment to the King in lieu of His Right and Intercjl in the Soil.]

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Litton Cheney, in the County of Dorset.

58. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Winterborn Stoke and Stapleford, in the County of Wilts.

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wcpon super ffarcy in the County of Somerset.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sibfey9 in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. No Lease of Vicarial Allotments without Consent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of Sibfey.]

61. An Act to enable Robert Gordon Efauire, and Elizabeth Anne his Wife, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Elizabeth Anne Gordon % to make a Settlement of her Estates, pursuant to Articles entered into previously to their Marriage.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Thorp Audliny in the Parish of Badfworthy in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. Allotment to the King in right of His Duchy of Lancaster, as Lord of tl\e Honor of Pontrefrad.]

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Datchet9 in the Couifty of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

64. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment and Inclosure of a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Land called Mare Heath, and other Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mare9 in the County of Stafford.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saddleworth9 in the West Riding of the County of York.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Stoke Poges and Wexham, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

67. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Ickleton, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Ttthes.]

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the rarish of Teversham, in the County of Cambridge

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of West Cottingwith and Thorganby9 in the Parish of Thorganbyf in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Gow-thorpey in the Parish of BJhop Wilton9 in the County of York.'

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gayton otherwise Geyton, in the County of Norfolk.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tibberton9 in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township6 of Hutton Conyersy Rainton with Newly and Melmerby9 in the North Riding of the County of York.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingjlo in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pitton and Farley, in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wefi Monkton9 in the County of Somerset.

77. An Act for naturalizing Peter Maze.

78. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Sandmark.

79. An Act for empowenng the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell certain Parts of the Lands contained in a Deed of Entail made by the late John Earl of Hyndford, and to apply the Price to be received for the said Parts in the Purchase of the Lands of Scotflon lying contiguous to the said entailed Estates, and to apply any Surplus of the said Price in manner therein mentioned.

(Local & Personal, not printed) 50° GEO. III.

80. An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of John Powell Esquire, (kuate in the County of Salop, for other his settled Estates in the County of Montgomery.

81. An Act for iocloGng Lands in the Township of Stepleton, in the Parish of Prefleign, in the County of Hereford*

82. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wigmore, in the County of Hereford.

83. An Act for inclosing Linds in the Parish of Eckington, in the County of Worcester.

[And for mating Compensation for Tithes.]

84. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Asbridge, in the County of Wilts.

85. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Guard Ef-quine, with Margaret Letitia his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

86. An Act for vesting the Manor of Pembroke otherwise Monhon, and other Hereditament^ in the County of Pembroke, granted by Queen Elizabeth to Robert Earl of Essex, and the Heirs Male of the Body of Sir Walter Devereux, Lord of Ferrers and Charteley, in Trustfces to be conveyed to John Owen Esquire, for the Consideration therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses.

87. An Act for inclosing Waste Lands within the Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence, and also in so much of the Manor of Hall as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Law-rence, in the County of Berks*

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

88. An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Battisford Tye, in the Parish of Baitisford\ in the County of Suffolk.

89. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Launton, in the County of Oxford.

90. An Act to amend, alter and explain an Act*, passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langford, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford, or one of them.

91. An Act for naturalizing the Right Honourable Catherine Countess of Pembroke and Montgomery.

92. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Jofph Gofli Carrighan*

93. An Act for naturalizing Paul Theodore Favre.

94. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Withcall, in the County of Lincoln.

£And for making Compensation for Tithes. No Lease of Regional Allotments without Consent oj the King, as Patron of the Rectory of Withcall.]

95. An Act for naturalizing Hans George Gron,

96. An Act for naturalizing Johqnn Christian Burckhardt.

48 G.8. c. 54. pr.

THE

Just Published,

In Three Volumes quarto,

THE STATUTES AT LARGE, from the Union with Ireland, 41 Geo. III. (i8or.) 1049 Geo. III.(1809.) inclusive; With Notes and a copious Index to the whole.

[Thii Edition is continued annually; and any Volume or Sedlon may yet be had separately.]

A new Edition, in Ten Volumes quarto,

THE STATUTES AT LARGE, from Magna Carta to the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, 41 Geo. III. (1801.)

Edited to the End of Henry VIII.

By T. E. TOMLINS, Esq. Barrister at Law:

And from that Period,

By JOHN RAITHBY, Esq. Barrister at Law.

By T. E. TOMLINS, Esq.

In the Pre/sj

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Faded to the FIFTH Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

51 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

AN Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal i 1 Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illnefa; and for the Resumptiou of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty. Pag* 301

t. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, m Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. 308

3. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred

thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred

thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid.


5. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid.

6. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. Ibid.

7. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Thirteenth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture. 315

t. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 316

9. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 320

10. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty three* cer-

51 Geo. III.

tain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, io far as the same relate to the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame. Page 321

11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Duty on Coals imported into the Harbour of Dubltn % and to the regulating the Coal Trade thereof. 322

12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. 323'

13. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar, exported until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Ibid.

14. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irtflt Linens exported from Great Britain and taking off toe Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax into Great Britain, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; to the prohibiting the Exportation from and per-

xviii The TITLES of

mitting the Importation into Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty during the Continuance of the War, and until Six. Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and to the permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Page 325

15. An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of

Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned. 326

16. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. 340

17. An Act to render valid certain Acts done for completing

the Regular Militia, and to indemnify the Persons concerned therein. Ibid.

18. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 341

19. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduct of the Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to extend the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others. Ibid.

20. An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist annually into the Regular Forces; and to provide for the gradual Reduction of the said Militia. 342

21. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to dire8 that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the Granting and Pay of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances; so far as respects the Grant of Pensions or Allowances by His Majesty to Persons who previously to the passing of the said Act had served the Crown in Foreign Courts.

.34*

22. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland. 349

23. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the

Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. Ibid.

24. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Nineteenth

Year of His present Majesty, as prevents Masters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers iirwards or outwards, so far as relates to any Ship or Vessel entered inwards or outwards from or to any Port in Ireland. 3CI

25. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Ibid.

the STATUTES,

26. An Act for raising the Sum of Four millions nine hundred eighty one thousand three hundred Pounds by way of Annuities. + 352

27. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of the Fiftieth

and Fifty first Years of His present Majesty, for continuing certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, and other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts. Ibid.

28. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Ibid.

29. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Nagation. 354

30. An Act to amend the several Acts for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland. Ibid.

[following used for Butterworths 1811.]

31. An Act to continue, during the present War and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain. 356

32. An Act for the better securing Exciseable Goods on board Vessels in the Port of Bristol. Ibid.

33. An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts of the Fourteenth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty as relates to weaving Blue Stripes in British Calicoes. 357

34. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. 358

35. An Act to secure to the Bank of Ireland the Repayment of all Monies advanced by them for the Purposes and in the manner therein mentioned. 359

36. An Act to facilitate the Execution of Justice within The Cinque Ports. 364

37. An Act further to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics. 366

38. An Act to protect Masters against Embezzlements by their Clerks and Servants in Ireland. Ibid.

39. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hemp Manufactures, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Felons convicted of stealing Cloth from Bleaching Grounds; and for more effectually preventing such Felonies. 367

40. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing certain Parts of several Acts relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland. Ibid.

41. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds and other Places used for printing, whitening, bleaching or drying the same, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing Cloth in Places therein mentioned; and for the more effectually preventing such Felonies. 369

42. An Act to empower the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar, from the Excess of the Duties to which they were liable in consequence of the Expiration of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, above the Duties imposed by the said Act. 370

43. An Act for altering the time at which the additional Duties of Customs imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on certain Species of Wood were to have taken place; and for granting a Drwback upon Deals and Timber used in the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon. Page 371

44. An Act for imposing an additional Duty on Linen imported into Great Britain during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. 372

45. An Act for taking away the public Use of certain Ships' Rooms in the Town of Saint John in the island of Newfoundland; and for instituting Surrogate Courts on the Coast of Labrador, and in certain Islands adjacent thereto. 373

46. An Act to authorize the Officers of the Customs to act for the Superintendant of Quarantine, and his Assistant. Ibid.

47. An Act for carrying into Effect the Provisions of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal. Ibid.

48. An Act to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Lower Canada from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and the Islands of Cape Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland. 376

49. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities. 377

50. An Act to allow a greater Number of Sheep to be carried from England to the Isle of Man than are now permitted by Law. Ibid.

51. An Act for abolishing the Duties of the Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland. Ibid.

52. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England. 378

53. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid.

54. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid.

55. An Act for abolishing the Superannuation Fund in the Department of the Customs, and for transferring the same to the Head of Consolidated Customs, and for authorizing the Payment of all retired Allowances on that Department out of Consolidated Customs. 379

56. An Act to grant additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland. Ibid.

57. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from Ireland. 380

58. An Act to allow the free Importation between Great Britain and Ireland of Home-made Chocolate; to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland so long as the same shall be prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain Duties on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland. 381

59. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Wash and other Liquors used in the Distillation of Spirits; and on foreign Spirits imported. 382

60. An Act to repeal the Duties of Stamps on Hats made in Ireland, and on Licences to Persons to manufacture Hats, or to utter or vend Hats in Ireland, and all Regulations for securing the said Duties. 385

61. An Act for charging the Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Page 385

62. An Act to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and the Islands of Cape Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland, from the Island of Bermuda. 387

63. An Act to authorize the Punishment, by Confinement

and hard Labour, of Persons in Ireland liable to Transportation; and to repeal so much of a former Act as relates to that Subject. 388

64. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise a

further Sum of Money upon Bond, instead of increasing their Capital Stock; and to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative thereto. 390

65. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the

Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more ejffeBual Supprejjton of Societies established for /editions and treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and /editions PraBices, so far as respeljts certain Penalties on Printers and Publishers. 391

66. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Aar for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for erecting, repairing and maintaining Light Houses round the Coast of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

39*

67. An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs now payable on the Importation of Hides in the Hair, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof. 396

68. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Verdigris

imported. 397

69. An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used ins

making Flint and Phial Glass; and for granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing an4 amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials u/ed in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof / and for the belter Colie Bion of the said Duties. Ibid.

70. An Act for repealing the Hat Duty in Great Britain.

408

71. An Act for the Abolition and Regulation of certain

Offices in the Customs. 409

72. An Act for granting Exemptions in certain Cases from the Payment of the Duties charged in respect of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, kept in Great Britain and Ireland respectively. - 4*5

73. An Act for the better Security of His Majesty's Naval

Arsenals in the River Medway, and Partfmouth and Ha-moaze Harbours, and of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels lying at and resorting to the fame. 1*417

74. An Act for authorizing the Sale of Prize Goods lodged

in Warehouses after a certain Period. 419

75. An Act for making further Provision for the Payment of Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and for enabling the East India Company to rest ore to the Service of the said Company, Military Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts Martial$ and to authorize the said Company,

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xx

ry, in Cases of uuforefeeu Emergency, to take up Ships private Contract. page 420

76. An Act for letting to Farrafhe Duties on Horsea lured by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, 0H Horses hired for a leU Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Post or other wise, in Great Britain; and for facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties. 421

77. An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Election, io Ireland, of Members to serve in Parliament. 423

78. An Act to make Provision in certain Cases for the Wives - apd Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates, serving in the Militia of Ireland. 425

79. An Act to amend an Act of tho Fprty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for thp better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminate, in England. 430

80. An Act to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Parifo Apprentices. 431

81. An Act to continue until the Firil Day of Augyfl One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire int/o the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments, received in fevqral Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and iota the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland. Ibid.

l. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Rock Salt delivered to the Refineries; for granting Relief for S4U loft at Sea by Shipwreck or Capture; and for, reviving,

am&nftipg and, continuing, until the Twent y fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Use of Salt, Duty-free, for curing pish in Bulk or in Barrels. 432

3. An Act for allowing the like Drawback of Duty paid on Coate nfed in certain Mines and Smelting Mills in Devon? fiirey as is now allowed in the County of Cornwall. 434

{4. An Act to explain an Act passed in the Twenty second.Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Freedom of Electiou of Members tq serve in Parliament, by difa^ling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such EWftions, so far as relates to Coal Meters and Cora Metere of the City of London. 435

5. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aid* or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Ibid.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth. Day of July, Ore thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks, and Bounties on Qoods, Wares qpd Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; ai\4 to grant to His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland. 436

7, An Act for allowing the Manufacture UCe of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Poster, and for indemnifying Persons who have manufactured or used such Colouring. 440

An Act for raising the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thuukud eight hundreiaad eleve*, 447

89. An Act to iacrrease the Salary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. Page 447

90. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of Merck One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 448

91. An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit* Crown

and Composition Rents, which have been glowing due in Ireland. 450

92. An Act to repeal certain Parts of fereral Aftfl of the

Parliament of Ireland, relating to the Tolls on Stage Coaches, carrying above a certain Number of Passengers, and to make other Provisions ui lieu thereof. 4^4

93. An Act for granting additional Duties of Customa oh Fir

Timber, of certain Dimensions, of the Growth of Norway imported into Great Britain. Ibid.

94. An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of July

Out thousand eight hundred and thirteen* an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to extend and amend the Term and Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majestyr for the better Preformation of Timber in the New Forefi i and for entertaining the Boundaries of the said Forrjl, and the Lands of the Crown within the same. 4^4

95. An Act to explain and amend certain Laws of Excrfe

respecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction; the allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions; and to the Water Mark of the Year or Paper intended for Exportation. Ibid.

96. An Act to extend the Powers vested in the Commissioners of the Customs of restoring Vessels and Goods seized, to Secures made by virtue of any Acts relating to the Department of the Customs. 455

97. An Act to regulate the Trade ! ctween Places in Europe South of Cape Finijberre, and certain Ports in the British Colonies in North America.

98. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to give Securities and to register Memorials thereof, under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, 457

99. An Act for removing Doubts as to the registering of certain Property purchased or sold under the Land Tax Redemption Act, in Right of which Persons may claim

to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

IOQ. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trial of CauJ'es, IndidmenU and other Proceed. Ufgs which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom. 459

101. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty eighth Year of Hte present Majesty, for regulating the British White Herring Fishery, 460

102. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in

the Forty feveoth Year of His present Majesty, for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Personal Estates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Mailer General, and veiled iu Trustees for Sale $ and alfq for veiling and settling certain Lands heretofore qontrafted to be pure ha fed by the said General Dt Lancey in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of a Debt due to thq Crown, and for other Purposes relative thereto. 460

103. An Act toauthorize the allowing Officers to re'ireon Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain Restrict ons. 4164

4.t 104. Aiv

ut

(Put/ict Genera/) 51° GEO. III.

IO4. An Act for extending and amending the Regulations now in Force, relative to the Payment to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money. Rage 465

105. An Act to enable Persons to bequeath Lands and

Tenements to the Commissioners for the Government of 7 be Royal Naval Asylum, and to authorize the said Commissioners to hold the fame for the Benefit of the said Asylum; ood for unending an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said Asylum. 467

106. An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service, to return to their Homes. 469

107. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven. 470

108. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, apd amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England^ disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. A71

109. An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Su-

baltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 11 id.

110. An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Pieces

denominated Tokens, intended to be issued and circulated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the respective Sums of Five Shillings and Six Pence, Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Six Pence; and to prevent the bringing into the Kingdom or uttering any such counterfeit Pieces or Tokens. Ibid.

111. An Act for permitting Sir William Bishop and George Bishop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufacture of Maid-

four Geneva; for charging the fame with certain Duties; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of this Session, for empowering the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excess of Duties therein mentioned. 473

112. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of

Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain. 475

113. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money

to be raised by Lotteries. Hid.

114. An Act to perm.t the Services of the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon to be extended to Ireland.

Hid.

113. An Act for amending the Act Forty third George Third, to promote the building, repairing or otherwiCc providing tiieChurches and Chapels, and of Houses for the RdiLnec of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes 477

116. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a Piece of

Ground within the Tower of London) to be used as an additional Burial Ground for Persons dying within the said Tower. 479

117. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain iSums of

Money out of the Cojiiotidated Fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sessior. of Parliament. Ibid.

11. An Act to permit the Interchange of the British ana Irtfh Militias respectively. Page 486

119. An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Forty

feqood aryd Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the more effitfttud Admini ft ration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlefete andi Surrey as lie in or near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisiom i» keu. thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament. # 489

120. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty feneoih Year c5f

His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing the Healing of Deer. 494

121. An Act to suspend the Payment of all Drawbacks on

Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively 5 and to suspend the Importation into Great Britain of any Spirits made or diHilled in Ireland, except such as shall have been wawhoused according to Law and foe regulating the Exportation of Home-made Spirits from Great Britain to Ireland and from Ireland to Great Britain, until Three Months- after the Commencement, of the next Sedan of Parliament. Rid.

122. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January

One thousand eight hundred and thirUaeja, an Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Wature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland), and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the

best means of effecting the fame. 497

123. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. Ibid.

124. An Act further to extend and render more effectual certain Provision9 of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Ar refs; and of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said former Act; and of Two Acts passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provisions of the said former Acts-. 509

125. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in

England £11

126. An Act to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to exphin and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to ftrve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expence 6 of H listings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of JViJhninfer. 555

127. An Act for making more effectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or BUI of the Governor a^d Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for (laying Proceedings upon any Distndi. by Tender of such Notes. 526

128. An Act to explain an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Jntexchange of the British and Lrifli MiM/iar respectively.

xxii The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED j OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for rebuilding the Parish Church of East Grinftead in the County of Sussex. Page 528

ii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the

Sessions House in the Town of Buckingham to Han^ell, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

iii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty,

: and the Eighth and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea to the City of Durham. Ibid.

iv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hejsle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cot ting ham, in the County of York. Ibid.

v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from 0diham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnham, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

vi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Bishop Wear mouth to Norton, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

vii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Range-

worthy, in the Parish of Thombury, in the County of Glour eester. Ibid.

viii. An Act for lighting, watching and improving the Streets

and other public Passages within the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford. 529

ix. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching

and otherwise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

x. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to raise Money to complete the said Canal and Works > and for amending the former Acts passed relative thereto. Ibid.

xii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Golden Grove Park to the Turnpike Road leading from the new Bridge to the Lime Kilns, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said Roads. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

df His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other Roads in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His late Majesty, for making a Road for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carliffe to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, as relates to the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xv. An Act for widening and improving the Street called the

Nethergate, in the Burgh of Dundee, in the County of Forfar. Fage 529

xvi. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the South Gate of King's Lynn into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the East Gate of King's Lynn to the North End of Babingley Lane, and to extend the Road from thence to Darjingham in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and repairing the Roads from Living-stone, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and

other Roads and Bridges therein mentioned. Ibid.

xix. An Act for repain ng the Road leading from Shank hill in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Waterford. Ibid.

xx. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Three

Acts of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate to Batllieston, in the County of Lanark, and several other Roads mentioned in the said Acts. 530

xxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whickham,

in the County of Durham. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barnham

Broom, and Parish or Hamlet of Bickerstone, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Finchley,

in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes,

Lands in the Township of Lune, Holwick and Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Hamlets of Chadlington West, Chadlington East and Chilfon, in the Parish of Charlbury, in the County of Oxford.*Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the rarish of Bywell

Scmt Peter, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk; and to make and maintain the Road from Aylsham to Cromer, and Part of the Road leading towards Wolterton, branching off from the Cromer Road, to the Eagle Inn in Erpingham, in the said County. Ibid.

xx viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dudley to the New Inn, Pattingham, and also the Road from Shut End, to join the Wolverhampton Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Wor eester, Stafford and Salop. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Harlow Bufb Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, and the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of North weald, Baffett, Bobbingworth, High Ongpr, Chipping

(Local & Personal) 51° GEO. III. xxiii

fjing Ougar and Shelley, to the Way9 in the

rarish of Shelley, and from thence through the Parishes of Ongar and Norton Mandeville9 to the Parish of

Writtle, in the said County. Page 530

xxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hatfield,

Thome and Fishlake, in the Manor of Haitefeld9 in the West Riding of the County of York. - Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for amending the Road from Barton Bridge

into the Manchester and Altrincham Tunipike Road; and also a Branch therefrom, into the said Turnpike Road; all in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for better a fit fling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey; for better regulating the Poor thereof; and for cleaning, watching, lighting and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places in the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 531

xxxiii. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour,

and Works connected therewith, at Dunure, in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for paving, lighting and cleansing the City of Perth, and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for widening, paving, improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Lanes and other Passages in the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy, in the County of Fife9 for the better Supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water; and for other Purposes of Utility to the said Burgh. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland» in the Twenty sixth Yeas of His present Majesty, for making and repairing Public Roads in the County of Dublin, with respect to the Roads within those Parts of the Baronies of Uppercro/c and Newcastle, which are situate on the South East Side of the great Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Cork9 by Rathcoole and Naas. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for cdntinuing several Acts for laying a Duty

of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, Beer or Porter, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries and Privileges thereof. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for building and maintaining a Bridge over

the Water of Doon9 which runs between the Parishes of Ayr and Maybole9 in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River North

EJk near the Village of Marykirk, in the Coiipty of Kincardine. Ibid.

xh An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads in the County of Berwick, and for building a Bridge over the River Whitadder9 in the said County. Ibid.

xli. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick upon Tweed, by Ay ton Bridge, to DungUu Bridge; and the Roads from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cock bumfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick. ' Ibid.

xlri. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Roads communicating with the West India and East India Docks, and for repairing the Cannon Street Road, and for making and maintaining a new Road to Barking9 and a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road to Tilbury Fort, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for improving the Navigation from the Hyihe at Colchester to IVi'oenboe in the County of Essex; and for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the said Town of Colchester. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Wem and Whitchurch Road, to the Sandford and Hodnet Road, both in the County of Salop. Page 531

xlv. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Bell9 in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk9 and the Road from Mcthwold Warren House to a Place called the Devils Ditch, in the said County. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Abingdon to Swtnford9 in the County of Berks. 532

xlvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Vinehall9 in the County of Sussex, to Cripps's Comer9 and from thence to Staf>lecross9 and from Cripps's Comer to the Town of Rye, in the said County. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from Tiverton9 in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received by the London Dock Company, upon Wines and Spirits landed and warehoused in the London Docks. Ibid.

1. An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Sackville deceased, situate in the Borough Town and Parish of East Grinftead9 in the County of Suffer in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. 536

li. An Act for effectually separating the several Churches or Chapelries of Nailsea and Bourton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton, in the County of Somerset, from the Rectory and Parish Church of Wraxhall9 in the said County, and for uniting the several Churches or Chapelries of Nailsea and Bourton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton aforesaid, into and making the same one distinct and separate Rectory. Ibid.

lii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Scarning9 Hoe, Worthing and Dillington % in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

liii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Lordship or Forest of Westward9 in the Parish of Wefiward, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

liv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of ChoU mondeflon9 in the Parish of Adon9 in the County of Chester. lv. An Act for inclosing certain Tracts, or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, called Fulwood Moor and Cadeley Moor9 within and Parcel of the Forest of Fulwood9 in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Long Comft* ton, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parishes of Great Paxton and Tofeland, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town ships of Wig-ton, Woodjide and Waverton9 within and Parcel of the Barony of Wigton in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

lix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, Peterborough, in the County of Northampton

Ibid.

lx. An Act for making a navigable Canal from the River Avon9 at or near Morgan's Pill9 in the Parish of Easton in Gordano otherwise Saint George's, in the County of .Somerset, to or near the River Tone9 in the Parish of Saint James in Taunton, in the said County, and a certain navi* gable Cut therein described. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, widening and' other way s improving the Streets of the Burgh of Dunfermline, increasing the Supply of Water, extending the f9 Royalty

XXIV

The TITLES of

Royalty of the said Burgh; and for other Purposes therein' mentioned relative thereto. 536

lxii. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chetflow, in the County of IMonmouth; and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford and Brecon, as relates to the Newport District of Roads; and for granting further and other Powers for repairing the Roads in the said District.

537

Ixiii. An Act for rendering more effednal several Acts lor repairing the Turnpike Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry in the County of Linlithgow; and for altering and repairing the High Road leading from the West End of the Town of Queensferty to the Town of Linlithgow. Iiid.

Ixiv. An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand\ in the County of Middlesex, and Liberty of Westminster; and for better paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for continuing the Term and amending the Powers of an Act for repairing the Road leading from Ro-bejton Wat bun to Saint Clears, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses, called The Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey / and for extending the Powers of the said Act.*Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for vesting in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Rutland the New Gaol and Bridewell for that County, and the Ground purchased for the Scites thereof, and for confirming certain Rates and Proceedings relative thereto. 543

lxviii. An Act to repeal cettain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty for building Two Chapels, and providing Burial Grounds thereto, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for amending the said Act. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for building and establishing a Church or Chapel of Ease, at Buxton, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Clyde, near (Jar ion and D&lferf\ in the County of Lanark. 544

ixxi. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of His present Majesty, as relates to making a Public Way over Fosdyke Wash, in the County of Lincoln; and for granting further Powers for building a Bridge over the said Wain. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Branham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to Oiney, and other Places, in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

Jxxiit. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Derby to Mansfield, sad several other Roads in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

fatxiv An Act for making and maintaining a Rood from the Guide Post below Haddon, out of the Bakewell Turn* Jpjke Road, by Grange Mill, into the Bentley and AJlsbourne Turnpike Road, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

ixxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Liule Sheffield) in the County at Tori, to Sporran Pit

the STATUTES,

Gate, and several other Places in the County of Derby; and for amending and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith. Page 544

lxxvi. An Act to contirue and amend an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Fofbtook, in the Parish of Dill or n, to Chcdleton, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Baldock to Ry/lon, and from Royfion to Bourn Bridge, in the Counties of Hertford and Cambridge. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggie/wade, in the County of Bedford; and other Roads therein described. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wimborne Minster to Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

lxxx An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near a Place called The Five Oaks, in the Parish of Billingjhurst, in the County of Sussex, to join the Horsham and Guildford Turnpike Road on BtOadbridge Heath, in the said County. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from GoU ford Green, in u?$: Pftrish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near BenemUn Church to Rolvenden Croft, in the County of Kent. $45

lxxxii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads to and from Shawbury, in the County of Salop. Hid lxxxiii. An Act for allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brightwell, in the County of Berks.'Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Fyfitld9 in the County of Berks. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lande in the Parish of Garftngton in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for enclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Little Ponton otherwise Little P aunt on, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Llan-fyllin and Mechen JJchoed, in the County of Montgomery

Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Somerby, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Teirtref, in the County of Montgomery. Hid.

xc. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Bceley, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xci. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Wilden, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aflley, in the County of Worcester* Ibid.

xciii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Westbury upon Trym, Henbury and Compton Greenfield, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Township of Leighton and Thornton, in the Parish of Great Neston, in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for allotting, and exonerating from Tit lies. Lands in the Patifhes of Great Chijhill and Little Cht/hrfl, in the County of Effi. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes,

Lands

{Local & Personal) 51 GEO. III. xxv

Lands in the Parish of Pirton, in the County of Hertford.

Page 545

xcvii. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Township of Of godly, and Parish of Heming-brough, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

fccviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Lyons, Kill, Clonoclis, Celbridge and Donnacomport, in the County of Kildare. 546

xcix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Slewklty, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

c. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woolhampton, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

ci. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads in the County of Stirling, and the Road from or near From the Well End of the Town of Lin-lishgow to Stirling, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stir Hug. Ibid.

cii. An Act for improving the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Dev.n. Ibid.

ciii. An Act. to enable Doctor Robert John Thornton to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books

therein mentioned, by way of Chance. Ibid.

civ. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Michael, in the Liberties of the City of Limerick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing Nuisanees therein. Ibid.

ct. An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His relent Majesty, for making and maintaining the Birming-am Canal Navigations, and for further extending and improving the same. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal and a Railway or Train Road from the River Burry, at or near the Village of Penclawdd, in the Parish of Lan ridian, into the Pownship or Borough of Loughor; and divers Branches therefrom, all in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

cvu. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates of the Parish of Clapham, in the County of Surrey; and to alter, enlarge, rebuild or repair the present Workhouse, and to regulate the Poor thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto 5 and to amend so much of an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding a Parish Church, as relates to the assessing the Church Rates by the Land Tax. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty* for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Clay don to the Bury St. Edmund's Road, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye and Lantbom Green, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

cix. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Kingston upon Thames to Leatherhead, 111 the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cx. An Act for ejilargipg the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Long Preston to SawUy, the West Riding of the County of York. '47

cxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Prinimington arid ChtflerJelJ, to several Places, all in the (County of Derby. _ Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Little Yarmouth to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Halef-worth, in the County of Suffolk. Page 547

cxiv. An Act for effectuating an Agreement between the Reverend Anthony Hamilton Doctor of Divinity, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Gnat Hadham, i»i the County of Hertford, and James Gordon Esquire; and for accelerating the Sale to the said James Gordon of ce*-j tain Lands heretofore enjoyed, as Parcel of the said Rectory, for the Purpose of redeeming the Laud Tax of such Rectory. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Parish of Seaton Ross, in the East Riding of the County <of York. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act to enable the Mailer and Brethren of the Hospital of King James, in Gateshead, in the County of Durham, to grant Leases of Lands thereto belonging, and to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham to make Statutes and Ordinances for the Government of the said Hospital,

Ibid.

cxviii An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Newmarket and Cum, in the County of Flint. Ib\d.

cxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llannr-mon, Llandegla and Bryneglwys, in the Counties of Dcnbigkr and Flint. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Funden-hall and Ashwellthorpe, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stoke Talmage, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for inclosing and embanking Lapds within the Townships of War ton with Lindeth and Silver dale, in the m Parish of War ton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or near the Public Wharf of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal, in the Pari 111 of Saint John the Evangelist, in the County of Brecon, to or near to a certain Place called Barton Cross, in the Parish of Eardiflcy, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal, in the Parish of Lianwenarth, to or near to Llanvihangel Crucorney, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for inclosing, draining and embanking Lands.

in Braunton, in the County of Devon. 54$

cxxv. An Act for more equally assessing and collecting the Poor Rates, in the Pari Hi of Bromley Saint Leonard, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for repairing, enlarging and improving the.Parish Church of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Haddington; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour of the said,

County. Ibid.

cxxviih An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pudsey, in the Parish of Calvevley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in, or belonging to tho, Parishes of Caijlor, North Kelsey, South Kelsey, Clixby, Grajby and Searby cum Ozvmby, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands, in the several Parishes of Biddeflone Saint Nicholas, Bidde-y stone Saint Peters and Slaughtevford, in the County of Wilts. ' ' v /Ibid.

cxxxi.An

nvi The TITLES of the STATUTES,

cxxxi. Am A3 for inclosing Quemmore Moor within and Parcel of the Forest of Quern more, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Page 548

cxxxii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two A3s of His present Majesty, for inclosing and embanking the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corftldaugau, in the County of Anglesey; and for draining and preferring the inclosed Lowlands contiguous thereto. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from -or near Spittal, in the County of Durham, to Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh; and for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Tweed from the Parish of Norham, in the County of Durham* to the Parish of Coldstream, in the County of Berwick. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for providing a Chapel of Ease and an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary IJJington, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

Cxxxv.' An Act for authorising the Payment into the Bank of England, under the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, of the Portions provided for the jounger Children of the most Honourable Arthur late Marquis of Downjlire, by the most Honourable Mary now Marchioness Dowager of Downjbtrs and Baronets*Sandy: , by the Settlement made after, in pursuance of Articles executed before their Marriage, and for exonerating the Estates comprised in the said Articles and Settlement from the same. Ibid.

cxxxvii An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates at Deal and Cliffe, in the County of Kent, belonging to the See of Canterbury; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

vxxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Elmf-well. Great A fh fie Id, Hunston and Norton, in the County of Suffolk. 549

cxxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Wells next the Sea, War ham All Saints, War ham Saint Mary Magdalen and Warham Saint Mary the Virgin, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

Cxi* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kil-lington, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tilckurjt, iii the County of Z?rr/\r. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands in the several Parishes of Bccuham and Padworth, in Berks. Ibid.

cxliii. An Act for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Liverpool, and amending the several A3s relating to the Docks, Quays and other Works belonging to the said Port. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for making a Harbour and Wet Dock, at or near Saint Nicholas Bay, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas and All Saints, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent', and for making a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour to the City of Canterbury. Ibid.

Sxlv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Kent Water Works to raise a further Sum of Money, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making the said Water Works, and to extend the lame. Ibid.

{ilvi. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Tevtti of Dumfries. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for improving the Harbour of Dumfries, and the Navigation of the River Nith. Page 549

cxlviii. An Act for extruding the Horse Towing Path on the Banks of the River Severn from Worcester Bridge to a certain Place below the City of Glouccjlrr, called the Lower Parting, situate at the Corner of Portham Mead, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxlix. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of IJanafa, in the County of Flint. Ibid.

cl. An Act for amending an Act of King Charles the Second* for making the Precin3 of Covent Garden Parochial; and for increasing the Stipends of the Re3or, Curate* Clerk and Sextons of the said Parish. 550

cli. An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Maryle Bone, in the County of Middlesex, to build a new Parish Church, and Two or more Chapels; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

clii. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Sevenoaks, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cliii. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates, within the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for paving, improving and regulating the Streets and Public Places in the Borough and Parish of Barn-Jlable; and for the better Regulation of the present Markets, and providing others therein. Ibid.

civ. An Act for paving and improving the Streets and other Public Passages and Places which are or shall be made upon a Piece of Ground belonging to the Brewers, Company- in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

clvi. An Act for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentish Town to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

clvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Ightham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidstone, in the said County. Ibid.

clviii. An Act for repairing the Road through the Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex. Ibid.

clix. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall; and for amending certain other Roads parting through the said Borough and the Parish of Lanhydrock, in the said County. Ibid.

clx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Kirtlington, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of New Radnor, in the County of Radnor. Ibid.

clxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of DoU gelky and Llangelynin, commonly called Gdynia, in the County of Merioneth. Ibid.

clxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langfet otherwise Langftde, in the Parish of Peniston, in the West Riding of the County of York* 551

clxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Burham, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

clxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the P&rishes of Llan-arthney, Llanon, Llandebye and Llanfihangel Aberby thick, in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

clxvi. An Act for ere3ing a Bridge over the River Thames from or near the Three Cranes, in the Parishes of Saint James Garlick Hythe and Saint Martin Vintry, in the City of London, to the opposite Back of the said River, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey; and for making proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith. Page 551

dxrii. An Act for making a navigable Canal between the Cities of Both and Bristol, and also for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the City of Bristol its Neighbourhood. 590

clxviii. An Act to vary and alter the Line of a Cut authorized to be made by an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the River Exe near Topsham, in the County of Devon, to the River Tone near Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and to amend the said Act. Ibid.

dais. An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal and certain Persons, for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parish of Paddington, and the Parishes and Streets adjacent, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

dxx. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to make a Collateral Cut, communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rot her-hithe, in the County of Surrey, and to enable the said Company to complete the said Canal; and for amending the several Acts relating thereto. 591

clxxL An Act for completing and maintaining The East Country Dock at Rather bit be, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

clxxii. An Act for erecting a new Market Place in the Town or Borough and Manor of Gasport, in the County of Southampton. 603

dxxiii. An Act for paving and improving the Streets and other public Passages and Places in the rari flies of Saint John the Buplift and Saint Benedict, in the Town of Glaftonbmry, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

clxxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Doncaster to Baw try, in the County of York. Ibid.

clxxv. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

dxxvi. An Act for inclosing certain Lands called Coe otherwise Cow Ren Im, in the Parish of Saint Mary the Left, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

clxxvn. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tdjbead, in the County of Wilts. 604

clxxviii. An Act for vesting certain Estatea late of George Hamilton, of Tyrella, in the County of Down, in Ireland, Esquire, deceased, in Trfcftefcs to be sold, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in Ireland, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so (old. Ibid.

dxxix. An Act for making, under the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, a Partition of Part of the Irish Estates of the Right Honourable Edward late Earl Beaulieu, in conformity to an Award therein mentioned. Ibid.

clxxx. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Tyrone, in Ireland, devised by the Will of Sir George Sa- vile. Baronet, deceased, in TnJfteea to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase'Moaey under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to he settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

51 GEO. III. xxvii

clxxxi. An Act to enable the Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, Dublin, to accept Surrenders and grant Leases of certain Lands called The Dean's Grange, in the Chunty of Dublin, and to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of Leases heretofore made thereof. Page 604

dxxxii. An Act for enabling the Dean of Windsor and Wolverhampton, and his Successors, to grant Leases and Licences for opening and working Mines within the Lands belonging to the Manor of Wolverhampton, and for augmenting the Income of the Sacrift of the Collegiate Church or Royal Free Chapel of Wolverhampton. Ibid.

clxxxiii. An Act for vesting in John Theophilus Daubut Esquire, au undivided Moiety of certain rremifes situate at Low Layton, in the County of Essex, and for applying the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Will of Edward Martin deceased. Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Act for empowering the Trustees of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, called The Decreed Lands, to make Sale of a sufficient Part thereof for paying off In* cumbrances. Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Henry Vipont deceased, m Trustees to be sold, and so* laying out the whole Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

clxxxvi. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Peter Legb Esquire, deceased, to purchase Estates for the Benefit of their Troll, and to fell certain of the Estates devised by the Will of the said Thomas Peter Legb, for raising Money to pay for such purchased Estates, and for re-imbursing a Sum expended in the Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on other Estates of the said Thomas Peter Legb. Ibid.

clxxxvii. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Walle Lands in the Pan flies of Hornchurch, Romford and Havering, within the Manor and Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

clxxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Township of Norbury, in the Parish of Stocbport, in the County of Chester. Ibid.

clxxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of King* ston, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

cxc. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brombam, in the County of Wilts. 605

cxci. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Minty, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxcii. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Great Wymondley, Little IVymond-ley, and Ippollitte, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.cxciii. An Act to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Completion of their Works, and for levying a Tonnage Rate on certain Vessels and Goods now exempted, and further to extend the Powers granted to the said Company. Ibid.

cxciv. An Act for erecting Five distinct Redories and Parishes within the Rectory and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, and for separating the fame from the Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn, and for providing Parish Churches, Church Yards, and Par-fonage Houses for the fame; and for restraining the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, from presenting

t*

xxviii The TITLES of

to the Rectory of Ktmonlurn, or the said new Reflories, any other Persons than Chaplains in the Royal Navy.

Page 605

cxcv. An Act for con ft ruling a Harbour at Porthleven in Mounts Bay, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

cxcvi. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Sutton Pool in the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

cxcvii. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the County of Perth, and for more effectually making and regulating the Highways, Bridges and pt riies within the said County. Ibid.

cxcviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth. Ibid.

cxcix. An Act for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

cc. An Act for building a Church in and for the Parish of Newry, in the Comities of Down and Armagh. Ibid.

cci. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty ninth Year of H is present Majesty, for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction and new Court Houses, for the County Palatine of Durham, and making an equal County Rate for those Purposes. Ibid.

ccii. An Act for increasing the Rates on Coals conveyed on the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton, and for amending and rendering more effectual the several Acts relating thereto. Ibid.

cciii. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising Money on the Credit of the Orphans Fund for those Purposes, and for extending the Powers of the said Acts. Ibid.

cciv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry to Selby, in the West Riding of the County of Tor k. 606

ccv. An Act for repealing an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Eynes-ford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Shoreham, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Farnborough, leading from Stvenoaks to Bromley, in the said County. Hid,

ccvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to Pembury Green, and from Branbridges to the Four Wents, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road therefrom into the

Mereworth and Iladlow Road, in the same County. Ibid.

ccvii. An Act to confirm certain Articles of Agreement between the Mofi Noble John Duke of Atholl, the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, the Right Reverend Claudius Lord Bishop of Sodor and Man, the Honourable Edward Stanley commonly called Lord Stanley, the Reverend Daniel My I re a, William Scott, John Cofnahan, and the Clergy of the ljle of Alan; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

ccviii. An Act for extinguishing all Rights of Common and other Rights in respect to the Glebe Land belonging to the Church of Harthill, in the County of Chester, in, upon or -under the uniticlosed Waste Lands in the Township of Harthill, in the same County; and such other Lands in the same Township as have been heretofore inclosed, and taken from the Waste Lands in the same Township $ and

*3

the STATUTES,

for vesting a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Hook Loont, situate in the same Township (subject as therein mentioned) in the very Reverend Hugh Choltnondeley, and his Successors, perpetual Curates of Harthill aforesaid, in lieu and Satisfaction of such Rights. Page 6o6

ccix. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lauds in Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessee, 'Thomas Brandon Esquire, not warranted by thtf Provisions of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the Time being, of their Estates in Newington, to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Premises; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. Ilid.

ccx. An Act for vesting in the Trustees of the Charity Schools of the Parish of Saint Mary A1at felon otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, the legal Estate of Two undivided Third Parts belonging to the said Charity Schools in a Farm and Lands at Sandon and Much Baddow, in the County of Essex, and to enable the said Trustees to perfefl a Partition of the said Farm and Lands, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

ccxi. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the entailed Estates of Thomas Graham Esquire in Trustees in Trust, to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arise by such Sale in purchasing the Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands belonging to the said Thomas Graham in Fee Simple, and thereafter to entail those Lands, freed from Incumbrances, in lieu of those Parts of the entailed Estates hereby directed to be sold. Hid.

ccxii. An Act for vesting in the surviving Trustees of the Will of John Wallinger Arnold WalTinger Esquire, deceased, in ancient Demesne, to be holden of the Liberty, Honour, or Manor of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Essex, a certain Estate called Hare Hall, in Trust to fell.^Ibid.

ccxiii. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Two undivided Sixteenth Parts, and One thirty second Part, late of John Ulric Collins Esquire, deceased, of a certain Messuage, Farm and Lands, in the Parishes of Tottenham and Ed-monton, in the County of Middlesex, in Trust, to convey the fame, respectively, unto William Horton Esquire, as to certain Parts thereof; and as to the remaining Parts 16 James Clark Esquire, upon Payment by them, respectively, of a certain Sum of Money for the Purchase of the fame, and for inverting such Monies in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in the Names of the Trnltees, for the Benefit of Charlotte Collins, the Widow, and of the infant Children of the said John Ulric Collins, the Devisees named in his Will. Hid.

ccxiv. An Act for exchanging an Estate belonging to MU chael Hicks Beach Esquire, in Fee, for Part of his Estate under Settlement. 607

ccxv. An Act for effefluating an Exchange between William Squire Esquire, and William Thomas Squire, an Infant, of a Fee Simple Estate, belonging to the said William Squire, and situate in the Parish of Taxley, in the County of Huntingdon, for an undivided Moiety belonging to the said William Thomas Squire, in certain Public Houses and Lands situate in the several Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, Huntingdon, and the I lie of Ely in Cambridge* shire. Hid.

cc*vi. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands, called The Stone Fields, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases thereof. Ibid.

ccxvii. An

ccxrii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Drayton, ccxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Rotd from-

in the County of Berks. Png: 607 the Kent Road, in the County of Surrey, to Deptford* in

ccxvin. An Act for inclosing Lands in the United Pari (has ! the County of Kent* and a Branch therefrom to Horsley- of Sulhamflead Abbott s and »S ulhaujlcail B a unifier other- I down, in the said County of Surrey. P age 607

wife Meales. in the County of Berks. Ibid.

ccxxi. An Act for dividing, and exonerating from Tythes.

ccxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of (treat certain Lands in the Panin of Ecclesjuld* and West Uid-

Wtiddingfiddcum Chilton and Great Coniard, in the County ing of the County of Path. Hid.

of Suffolk. Ibid.\

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Brilley, ! Tm. Eardtjley and Huntington, in the County of Hereford.

2. An Act for inclosing Lunds in the Parish of Mattel all Bergh, in the County of Norfolk.

3. An Act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Township or Hamlets of Over Stonnall and Lynn, Lower Stonnall and Thornes, Shenstone* Woodetid, and F9otherley, Little Hay* Chesterfield* and Little Aston, in the Manors of Shenstone and Little Aston, in the Parish of Shcn-Jlcne, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cabourne, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes T\

6. An Act for inclosing Lands 'in the Manor of Thor ally* am! Parish of Atfgarth* in the North Riding of the County of York.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of S/radbrooke, in the County of Suffolk.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bathley otherwise Bale, in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barney, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marloes, in the County of Pembroke.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thruf-thorpe and Hannah cum Hagnaly, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in Greffenhall* Enjl Bilney and Great Bittering, in the County of Norfolk

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hail, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes,

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of 'Threap-land, in the County of Cumberland.

[And/or making Compensation for Tithes T\

15. An Act to amend an Act (a) of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in Chapel AHcrton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

16. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Powerjlock, in the county of Dorset.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Welborne, in the County of Norfolk.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Booton, in the County of Norfolk.

J9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Snor-ing, in the County of Norfolk.

(a) £48 G.3.f.vi.]

20. An Act for inclosing Bailey Hope Paf.ure, in the Parish of Bewcastle, in the County of Cumberland.

2 1 An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Righton* in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes j

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shapwick, in the County of Dorset.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Fousham and Themelthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

24. An Act for inclosing a certain Open Field called Mints Feet, in the Parish of Kirk by in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland.

25. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Duidge Taunton with Henrietta 'Taunton his now Wife., and to t» -able him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AIL nfmore, in the County of Hereford.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ajlham Bryan, in the County of the City of York.

[And for making Compensation for 'Tithes T\

28. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes*, Lands in the Parish of Croxton, in the County of Cambridge.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Farnborough, in the County of Southampton.

[And for making Compenfition for Tithes.]

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hind A -veston* Swanton Novers and Wood Norton, in the County of Norfolk.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wefir-dale* in the North Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Great Btoughton* in the North Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from 'I ithes* Lands in the Parish of AJlby juxta Partney, in the County of Lincoln.

34. An Act for inclosing Bawdsey Common* in the County*

of Suffolk.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of North and Middle Littleton* and South Littleton, in the County of Worcester.

[/Ind for making Compensation for Tithes.]

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Long]}ant on All Saints, in the County of Cambridge.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in IVymington, in the County of Bedford.

[.And for making Compensation for Tithes.J

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cheddar, Priddy and Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

XXX

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stallridge,

in the County of Dorset.

40. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Shepreth, in the County of Cambridge.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Caverfwall, in the County of Stafford.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Perry Barr, in the County of Stafford.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings or Hamlets of That bam Borough, Henwick, Colt hr of, Par/onage and Awbery Street, and a certain Common called Ham Marsh, in the Tithing of Grecnham , in the Parish of Thatcham, in the County of Berks.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Drayton and Bawburgh, in the County of Norfolk, and in the Parish and Hamlet of Hellefdon, in the same County and in the County of the City of Norwich.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wickhampton, in the Count) of Norfolk.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Clifton9 in the County of Westmorel and.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

47. An Act for inclosing Butler's Wood, in the Parish of Lockerly, in the County of Southampton.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of High Ireby, in the Parish of Ireby, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aberdaron, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Majesty ]

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parity of East Down, in the County of Devon.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in Paghill, otherwise Pauli, in the East Riding of the County of York.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Everfdeu and Little Everfdeu, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. No Lease of Vicar's Allotment without Consent of the King, as Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Great Everfdeu.]

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wills.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Battlejbal!', within the Liberties of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Heybridge, in the County of Essex.

56. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Great Bradley, in the County of S iff oik,

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llanfih-angel Rhofycorn, and Llanybyther, in the County of Carmarthen.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brinkley, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Churchill, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of JVheatacre Burgh otherwise Burgh Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Fiddington, in the Parish of Ashchurch, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes. No Lease of Vicar of Tewkefhury's Allotment without Consent of the King as Patron of the said Vicarage

12

62. An Act for enabling the acting Trustees and Executor* of the Will of Chaloner Arcedeckne Esquire, respectively to invest the Monies by such Will directed to be invested in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments in Suffolk, in the Purchase of Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments in the same County.

63. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Barony and Estate of Logie Elphinstone, in the County of Aberdeen, to and in favour of Robert Dalrymple Horn Elphinstone Esquire, and the Scries of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by John Horn of that Ilk, deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations specified in the said Deeds $ and, in lieu thereof, for vesting certain Parts of the Barony and Estate of Horn, lying in the said County, in the said Robert Dalrymple Horn Elphinstone, and the Series of Heirs described in the Marriage Contract between him and Grame Dalrymple Horn Elphinstone his Wife.

64. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates in the County of Glamorgan, Part of the Estates settled pursuant to the Will of Thomas Pryee Esquire, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates to be settled to the former Uses; and for other Purposes.

65. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Little Plum-Jlead, with the Rectory of Witton with Brundall annexed, in the County of Norfolk, for Lands of Charles Wbaitet Esquire, in the Parishes of Little Plumstead, Great Plum-Jlead and Witton, in the same County.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harefield, in the County of Middlesex.

67. An Act to empower the Master, Brothers and Sifters of the Royal Hospital or Free Chapel of Saint Katherine, near the Tower of London, to fell a certain Piece or Parcel of Land with the Appurtenances, situate and being in the Parish of Stepney otherwise Stehonheath, in the County of Middlesex, unto William Mellish, of Shadwell, in the said County of Middlefen» Esquire, and to apply the Money arising upon such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be subject to the like Uses.

68. An Act for enabling the Co-heiresses of Edward Sulyarde Esquire, deceased, and their Husbands, to pay the Sum of Three thousand Pounds for the Benefit of His Majesty. in Satisfaction of the Claim of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the Manor and Estate of Haughley, in the County of Suffolk.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chaddle-worth, in the County of Berks.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eardisland, in the County of Hereford.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Sway Quarr, Sway Romsey and Arne wood, in the Parishes of Boldre and Hordle, in the County of Southampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

72. An Act for confirming ana establishing the Division and Allotment of a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Laod, called Marflon Common, within the Parish of Pembridge, in the County of Hereford.

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable Valentine Browne Lord Clonclurry with Eliza Georgiana Lady Cloncnrry, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act to enable William Butcher (now called William Rodbard) Esquire, and his Issue, to use the Surname ami Arms of Rodbard, pursuant to the Will of Henry Rodbard Esquire, deceased.

THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND* 51 GEORGE III. 1811.

£Vol. IV. P*rt II. Price 18s. u Boards. 3

[Index removed.]

THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND, 52 GEORGE III. .812.

£Vol IV. Part III. Price 1 /. m! 6</. in Boards.

Ptinted ly Hh Mtjtjfy'i Skitvt* mmd JLtrw PrinUrt, London. 1812.

[Index removed.]

THE

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SIXTH Session of the FOURTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

52 GEORGE III.

t

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN AA for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties

jl\> on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Page 609

2. An Act to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martiniaue and

other conquered Islands in the West Indies, to be taken out of Warehouse on the Payment of the like Rate of Duty for Wade as British Plantation Sugar. 610

3. An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of

December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another A A made in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of Briit/b or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Walh made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain. Ibid.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 617

5. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 618

6. An Act for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition. Ibid.

7. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expences incident to the Assumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty. Page 619

8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indisposition 5 and for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Property 5 and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness. Ibid.

9. An Act to repeal an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of

His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders; and making other Provisions in lieu thereof 5 and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be measured. 623

10. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Sum of Money to be raisea by Exchequer Bills, to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. 62 c

it. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, and to establish other and further Regulations in the said Offices. 626

12. An Act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualtransm[^i]tt transmitt-ling Stores to Ireland. 629

13. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty

first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England. 630

xxxii The TITLES of

14. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. Page 630

15. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. 631

J6. An Act for the more exemplary Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines used in the Framework knitted Manufactory, or any Articles or Goods in such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the Fir# Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. 633

17. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace,

by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended. 634

18. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the Twelfth

Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the rrice of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate. 641

19. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. Ibid.

to. An Act to continue several Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and to permitting Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brun/wick in any Ship or Vessel, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to the amending an Act for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. Ibid.

2. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Oaths admini flered to and taken by certain Members of the House of Commons-before Deputies of the late Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, during the Vacancy of the said Office.

642

22. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 643

23. An Act for the regulating ot His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 655

24. An Act for raffing the Sum of Six millions seven hundred and eighty nine thousand six hundred and twenty five Pounds by way of Annuities. 658

25. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. Ibid.

26. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and fqr extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and to permit such Persons.in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or

9

the STATUTES,

before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. Page 658

27. An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers

embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes. 65 9

28. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament,

making Provision for the Families of Militia Men in Ireland. 661

29. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of

Ireland. 663

30. An Act to provide for regulating the Warehousing of

Spirits distilled from Corn in Ireland, for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon; and to transfer the Custody of Spirits so warehoused, from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, to the Commissioners of Inland Excise

and Taxes in Ireland, and their Officers. Ibid.

31. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act against lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers or Mariners 666

32. An Act for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity, entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds, transferrable at the Bank of England. Ibid.

33. An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months

after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free. 667

34. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the

Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisor.ment of their Persons, and of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making perpetual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Relief of Debtors; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed. Ibid.

35. An Act to prohibit all Intercourse between the Island of Jamaica and certain Parts of the Island of Saint Domingo.

668'

36. An Act for granting additional Duties on Mahogany not

imported from the Bay of Honduras, and for reducing the Dutieaon certain Species of Wood imported from the said Bay. 669

37. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on

Earl Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Wellington shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services. 671

38. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local

Militia in England. 672

39. An Act for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coast of England.

7*4

40. An Act to make Provision for a limited Time respecting

certain Grants of Offices. 734

41. An Act to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expen- diture and the Conduct of the Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and another Act, of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and extending the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others. Ibid.

42. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Puchards exported until the Twenty

fourth

( Publick General) 52° GEO. III.

xxxiii

fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Page 735

43. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 736

44. An A fit for the Erection of a Penitentiary House for the

Confinement of Offenders convicted within the City of London and County of Middlesex; and for making Compensation to Jeremy Bent bam Esquire, for the Non-performance of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bentham and the Lords of of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Custody and Maintenance of Convicts. Ibid.

45. An Act to suspend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts

beyond the Seas of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 743

46. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits

made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and to repeal certain Bounties given to Persons licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer and Ale by Retail in Ireland. 744

47. An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day

of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distilktion of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, as relates to Ireland. 748

48. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the

Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland from Com, malted or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallons Content. 749

49. An Act to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal

Quay* in the Port of London; and to enable the Lords of the Treasury to purchase Buildings in Thames Street, for the Purpose of erecting a new Custom House. 760

50. An Act to continue until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Provision for preventing the current Gold Com of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any fmailer Sum than the Sum therein fpcdfied; and for staying Proceedings upon any Distress by tender of such Notes; and to extend the same to Ireland. 761 jl. An Act to provide for the more speedy Examination, controuling and finally auditing the Military Accounts of I related. 764

J2. An Act to provide for the speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of Ireland; and to repeal certain former Acts relating thereto. 768

53. An Act for extending the Time in which Coffee of the

British) Plantations may be sold by Auction without Payment of the Duty on Auctions; and for making an Allowance of such Duty on Coffee fold for which the said Duty has not been paid. 774

54. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of Angufi One thousand eight hundred and thirteen* several Laws relating to the Duties on Glaft made in Great Britain. 775

jy. An Act to prevent Foreign Goods of certain Description being brought from the United' States of America into Canada; and to allow a greater Quantity of Worded Yam to be exported from Great Britain to Canada. Ibid.

yk An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His pfefen* Majesty* for explaining and amending an Act for continuing and making perpetual feve-jui Duties of One Shifting arid Si* pence in the Pound on Offices need Employments of Pfefit, and on Annuities, Peafioof and Stipends* 776

57. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augujla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, an Ahnriity of Thirty six thousand Pounds* fn-stead of the Annuity settled on them by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty. Page 777*

58. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise on Tobacco to be manufactured in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Drawbacks; and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties. 778

59. An Act for allowing on the Exportation of manufactured Plate for the private Use of Persons redding or going to re*, side abroad, the fame Drawback as is now allowed on tho Exportation of such Plate by way of Merchandize. 781

60. An Act for altering the mode of Payment of the Super,

annuation Allowances in the Department of the Customs in Scotland. IhiJ,

Si. An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Dil-tillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof. yttz

62. An Act to enable Coadjutors to Archbishops and Btfhopt

in Ireland to execute the r owe* of Archbishops and BHhops respectively. 783

63. An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzle-

ment of Securities for Money ana other Effects, left or deposited for safe Custody, or other special Purpose, in the Hands of Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attoraies or other Agents. Ibid.

64. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act of the

thirtieth Year of King George the Second, against Persons obtaining Money by false Pretences, to Persons so obtaining Bonds and other Securities. 78

65. An Act to allow the Use of Sugar m brewing Beer in Great Britain. 786

66. An Act to explain and amend ah Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices in respect of whith Security ought to be given, and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices in the Event of such Security not being given within a tinW to be limited after the Grant of such Offices. Ibid.

67. An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on the

Widow and eldest Son of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval\ and for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of his other Children. 789

68. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local

Militia in Scotland. 794

69. An Act to continue, until thfe Fifth Day of Jolt One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into arid exported from Ireland. 832

70. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred

thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Trerifury Bills for the Service of Ireland. 823

71. An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the

Forest of Woolmer, in the Cohitty of Southampton. Ibid.

72. An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the

Forest of Alice Holt, in the County of Southampton. 835

73V An Act for repealing so much of an Act of th* Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief of the Poor within England; and enfcrrging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, as limits the annual Amount of the Assessmentt. 836

74. An Act to continue, untilhheFirst Day of January One thousand right hundred and fourteen, air Act for appointing e 2 Com-

XXXIV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Commissioners to esquire* and examine* into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the bed Means of effecting the fame. Page 837

73. An Act to provide for the more complete and effectual Liquidation of a Debt due to His Majesty from the late.Abraham Goldsmid, Merchant, and his surviving Partners; and to confirm and establish certain Agreements entered into for that and other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

76. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of

Customs and Port Duties in Ireland. 848

77. An Act for granting an additional Drawback on Flint,

Phial and Crown Glais; for charging an additional Countervailing Duty on Flint and Crown Glass imported from Ireland; and for the better Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass on Drawback. 849

78. An Act to make better Provision for the Commissioners of

Appeal in Revenue Causes in Ireland. 851

79. An Act to allow British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda m British Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to permit Articles, the Pro-

duftion of the said United States, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels. 852

80. An Act for extending the Period in which Deeds were

directed to be enrolled by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending several Acts for the Re demption and Sale of the Land Tax. 853

Si. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty* ninth Year of His present Majesty, for providing a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions. Ibid.

82. An Act for transferring the Scotch Excise Charity and Superannuatiop Funds to the Consolidated Fnnd, and paying all future Allowances from the latter Fund, and for making Provision for certain superannuated Officers of Excise in England and Scotland, 854

*3- An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. 855

84. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subal-

tern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disem bodied. Ibid.

85. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. Ibid.

86. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Ibid.

87. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing

Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties. Ibid.

88. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional

Rates of Postage in Great Britain. 877

*9. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definite Treaty of Peace. 878

90. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. 879 t

91. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Freservation of the Peace within Counties at large. PageS^jg

92. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquiutes and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland. Ibid.

93. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of Assessed Taxes; and for consolidating the fame with the former Duties of Assessed Taxes. 880

94. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of

Excise in Great Britain on Glass, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff. 900

95. An Act to amend and regulate the Assessment and Col-ieftion of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Pj-ofits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 906

96. An Act for applying the Amount of the Bounties on certain Linens exported from Great Britain towards defraying the Charge of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Session of Parliament. 912

97. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of

Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. Ibid.

98. An Act to permit Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from any such Port, and from the Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, under Licences granted by the Collectors and Controllers of the Customs. 916

99. An Act for allowing certain Articles to be imported into

the Bahama I Hands, and exported therefrom in Foreign Vessels 5 and for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the said Islands. 919

100. An Act to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and

Merchandize from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indict to any other of the said I Hands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies.Ibid.

101. An Act to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses

of Trulls created for Charitable Purposes. Ibid.

102. An Act for the registering and securing of Charitable

Donations. v 920

103. An Act for the more easy Manning of Vessels employed

in the Southern Whale Fisheij. 92z

104. An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the

Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the administering or taking Unlawful Oaths. 923

105. An Act to continue, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others, in relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution and securing the due Application

thereof..924.

106. An Act for increasing the Duty on Rum and other

Spirits imported into Newfoundland from the British Colo- nies and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging a Duty on # Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty's Colonies in the WeJl.Indiet*925

' 107. An

xxxv

{Publick General) 5 GEO. III.

IC7. An Act for extending the Allowance of the Duty on Salt used in making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, to Salt tiled in making such Acid for bleaching Thread and Cotton Twist. Page 926

10S. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches. Ibid.

109. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain Cases. Ibid.

110. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Twelfth

Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy ajfejftngy collecting and levying of County Rates; and for the remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the repairing of County Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England. 927

111. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

929

til. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 930

II3. An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred and fixtren thousand six hundred and sixty lix Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Ibid.

114.. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have oeen or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Ibid.

115. An Act to make more effectual Provision for enabling the

Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dub-fin, to ered, repair and maintain Light Houses and Lights round the Coalts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. Ibid.

116. An Act to amend an Act of this Session of Parliament for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England. 934

117. An Act for imposing additional Duties of Customs on

certain Species of Wood, and on Pot and Pearl Ashes imported into Great Britain. 935

ri8. An Act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty Jirf Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve>so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grainy in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain 5 and to revive and continue another A8 made in the Forty ninth Tear aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain. 936

119. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Forty third

Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Turkey, Egypt or the Levant*Seas, in Foreign Ships. 938

120. An Act to explain, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their

Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service. Pag* 938

121. An Act to authorize the Transfer, to the East Indies,

of Debts originally contracted there, on the Part of the East India Company, payable in England. 939

ill. An Act to remove Doubts as to an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to raising Men for the Service of the East India Company. Ibid.

123. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's Mea-dowsy in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon. 940

124. An Act for vesting in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Lands or Grounds, formerly Part of the Wattes of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks,

freed and discharged of Commonable and other Rights.

944

125. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money

to be raised by Lotteries. 947

126. An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collectionand

Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties. Ibid.

127. An Act to prohibit, until the First Day of November

One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch. 982

128. An Act for better securing the Duties on Malt. 987

129. An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Forty

eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. 989

130. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of PersonB

destroying the Properties of His Majesty's Subjects; and enabling the Owners of such Properties to recover Da* mages for the Injury sustained. 997

131. An Act to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Six pence in the Pound, certain Augmentations made to the Stipends of Parishes in Scotland. 999

132. An Act for explaining, amending and extenffing the several Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money, to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and for directing the mode of making up the Accounts of Pensions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army. Ibid.

133. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. 1003

134. An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade

in Ireland. 1007

135. An Act for advancing Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds to the East India Company, to enable them to discharge Part of the Indian Debt. 1016

136. An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to

regulate the Price of Coals to be bought for the Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin. 1019

137. An Act for extending the time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan under an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the manner

therein mentioned. Ilid.

138. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

JU»1

138. An Act for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting

of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company. Page 1023

139. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported into Great Britain. 1024

140. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Article?

to the Isle of Man from Great Britain. 1030

141. An Act to regulate the manner of licensing Boats by the Commissioners of the Customs, and the delivering up of Liceofes in Cases of Loss or Capture of Vessels licensed; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Customs to purchase certain Boats at a Valuation. 1031

J42. An Act to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another, in the fame Port. 1034

143. An Act for amending and reducing into one Act, the

Provisions contained in any|Laws now in force imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in Breach ot or in Refinance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain. 1038

144. An Act to suspend and finally vacate the Seats of Mem-

bers of the House of Commons, who shall become Bankrupts, and who shall not pay their Debts in full, within a limited time. 1041

X45. An Act to explain the Exemption from Toll in several Acts of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Husbandry; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horses, in certain other Cases therein specified. 1042

146. An Act for the better regulating and preserving Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marriages and Burials in England* % 044

147. An Act for regulating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children, by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty; and for extending the Limitation mentioned in the said Act in Proportion to the Increase of the said Duties. 1049

148. An Act to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the time being, to dispose of and transfer all such Public Stocks or Funds, as now do or shall hereafter (land in his Name, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Trust for His Majesty. Ibid.

140. An Act to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the passing of this Act. Ibid.

150. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reigd, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and 011 Licences for vending the fame. 1051

*yx. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Pensions and Allowances as are given to British Officers under the like circumstances. 1058

152. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating tie Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local

Militia, and for the more effectuaOy regulating the said Office. Page 1058

153. An Act to rectify a Mistake and to carry into more ef-

teftual Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the British White Herring Fishery. io6t

154. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. Ibid.

155. An Act to repeal certain Acts, a ad amend other Acts relating to Religious Worship and Assemblies, and Persons teaching or preaching therein. 1069

156. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons

aiding Prisoners of War to escape from His Majesty's Dominions. 1071

157. An Act to prevent the iffuing and circulating of Pieces

of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively. 1072

158. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the

Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and of an Act passed in this present Session for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annuities, to all other transferrable Stocks and Funds. 1074

159. An Act for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco De-

relict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of such Liquors and Tobacco. 1075

160. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to order parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols. 1077

161. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map rf the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament 5 for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Pocking-

bam to His Majesty's Manor of King's Clijfe; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclesiastical Purposes. 1078

162. An Act for the Preservation of the public Peace in certain disturbed Counties in England; and to give, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Justices for that Purpose. 1089

163. An Act for the Relief of certain Infohrent Debtors in

Ireland. IQ92

164. An Act for enabling His Majesty to mjfe the Sum of

Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland. 1104

165. An Act for the Relief of certain Iufblvent Debtors in

England\ 1195

LOCAL

{Local W Perfmal) 5 GEO. III

xxxvii

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

t AN Act for embanking and draining certain Lands x\. adjoining the River Wade in the Parishes of Steeple am Stanfgate and Saint Lawrence in the County of Essex.

Page 1120

An Act for vesting in the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Stafford, a House for the Accommodation of His Majesty*8 Judges at the Assizes, and for maintaining and supporting the lame 5 and for amending an Act of His present Majesty for building a new Shire Hall for the said County

Ibid.

«B. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

tv. An Act for repairing the Road from Roborough Down to the Tavistock Road near Dart Moor Prison of War, and to Two Bridges, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

W. An Act for inclosing Siddal Moor, situate within the Township of Hop wood, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

Vi. An Act for inclosing Great Crosby Marsh, in the Manor of Great Crosby, and Parish of Sephton, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

vfi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alfreton to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

vfii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex.

mi

is. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Erith in the County of Kent. Ibid.

x. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Deopbam, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

si. An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in Ltverfedge, in the Parish of Birfall, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

sii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for the better Employment and Support of the

Poor in the Parishes of Westprle, Beddingham and Glynde, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for better paring, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public railages and Puces, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

Xr. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Harbour of Maryport in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xvi. An Act to alter and increase the llates of Tonnage, authorized to be taken by the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Western Canal; and to amend the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. Page 1121

xvii. An Act for allotting the Lands in the Parish of Hemp-Jlead, in the County of Norfolk, and for the Drainage of the Marshes or Fen Grounds within the said Parish, and of certain other Marshes, Meadows and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Happijburgh, Eccles, Passing next the Sea, Lessingham and Ingham, in the County aforesaid. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of Horsey, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xix. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane. Ibid.

xx. An Act to enable the Grand Jury of the County of

Dublin to raise a sufficient Sum of Money, by Presentment, for completing the rebuilding Lucan Bridge over the River Anna Liffey at Lucan, in the Parish of Lucan, in the County of Dublin. 1131

xxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hedon to Hull, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of York. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hull to Beverley, and from New land Bridge to Cottingham, in the County of York. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to hel-

ming bam, and to Debenbam, and from Hcmingston to Otley Bottom, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Stratford Saint Mary, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tam worth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby, and in the County of the City of Lichfield. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from

Stone Street Hatch at Ockley, in the County of Surrey, to join a Branch of the Horsham and Guildford Road at Warn-ham, in the County of Sussex. 1132

xxvii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty v for completing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through Tetbury to Woefield Corner, and a Road from thence to or near Lam-bridge, near the City of Bath, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and also to repair a certain Road from Dujfton to Underbridge, in the Parish of Shipton Moigne, in the said County. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for enforcing the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Fttnt, Denbigh and Carnarvon, so far as the fame

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xxxviii

fame relate to The Saint dfaph and Conway Dislrids of Road*Page 1132

xxix. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in

the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Heady in Fernilce % in the County of Derby* leading to Chapel in the Frith in the same County. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from

IVendcrer to the End of Oak Lane, and from the River Colne, for Half a Mile, towards Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ad of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Chesterfield to Hcrnstone Lane Heady with its Branches; and for amending and making a certain other Road to communicate therewith, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for inclosing 'Lands in Congham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

fcxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barford, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caijlery next Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East

Dereham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirby

Bedony in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for enlarging the present or providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Stroody in the County of Kent; for better governing, maintaining ancf employing the Poor of the said Parish; and also for repairing or rebuilding the Church and Tower of the same Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York* to the City of Durham. 1133

xxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for amending the Road from Brough to Welt on, in the fame Riding. Ibid.

xl. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two l'several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Cardigan; and also for making other Roads in the said County. Ibid.

xli. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwest, through Fishguard, to Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and from Fishguard to the City of Saint David's, in the said County. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Llanvi-hangel Nantmcllaiiy in the County of Radnor. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caslon, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pillethy in the County of Radnor. Ibid.

xlv* An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Southwealdy in the County of Essex. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for further improving the said Navigation. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act to authorize the Commissioners for improving And completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and

IJisy from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Crick-ladey in the County of Wilts* to make a navigable Canal out of the River Thames near Milfon's Pointy in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey, to communicate with the said River at or near Bell Weir, in the said Parish of Egham; and to ered Pound Locks in such Cut, with necessary Weirs and other Works on the said Navigation.

Page 1133

xlvifi. An Act for empowering the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westrmnjler, and Part of the County of Middlesex, to purchase a Messuage and Premises for holding their Meetings; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Commissioners. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for erecting a new Gaol in or near the Burgh of*' Cupar9 in the County of Fife, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 1137

1. An Act for the Improvement of certain Parts of the Harbour of Cat water within the Manor of Plympton in the County of Devon; and for the more effectually providing for the Security of the Communication from Pamphlet Point across the contiguous Water of Lary within the said Manor. Ibid.

li. An Act for paving, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranflon Hill Water Works to taife more Money for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, with Water. Ibid.

liii. An Act for empowering the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Dublin and of the County of Dublin, and the Corporation, to preserve and improve the Port of Dub-Ihty to vary the Scite heretofore fixed for the intended Bridge over the River Anna Liffty, in the said City (in place of Ormond Bridge) from a Spot opposite the Four Courts, to a Spot opposite Charles Street or Mass Lane, in the said City; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

liv. An Act for making further Provision for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service. 1141

lv. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Renfrew, building a Bridge or Bridges at Inchin-nan, and regulating the Statute Labour of the said County, and for other Purposes relative thereto. 1146

lvi. An Act for repairing the Roads from Warminster, and from Frame, to the Bath Road 5 and from Woolverton to the Trowbridge Road, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. Ibid.

Ivii. An Act for improving the Public Roads in and through the City of Coventry. Ibid.

lviii. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Berstreet Gates* in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Nor folk. Ibid.

lix. An Act for amending the Roads from Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the County of York; and from Denfbaw to Brownhill, and from Grains to Delphy all within Saddleworth, in the said County of York. Ibid.

lx. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from

Wellsbourn Mountfort> to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Upton

XXXIX

(Local & PerjimaT) 5 2° GEO. III.

Upton in Rathy to Great Kington and Wellejbourne Hajlings, in the County of Warwick. Page*146

lxi». An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to heading, and to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Second District of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Oving-bam, Bywell Saint Peter and Bywell Saint Andrew, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

Ixiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Differth and Llanelweth, in the County of RadnorIbid.lxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in Thomthwaite, in the Parish of Crojlhwaite, and County of Cumberland. Ibid.

Ixvi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Great Shefford otherwise West Shefford, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crayford, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rockland Saint Andrew, Rockland All Saints and Rockland Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Rivers Ant and Bure, at or near Wafford Bridge, near Dilham, to the Towns of North Waljoam and Anting bam, in the County of Norfolk. 1147

ixx. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Medway, near Brandbridges in the Parish of East Peck ham in the County of Kent, to extend to and unite with the Royal Military Canal in the Parish of Appledore in the said County; and also certain Navigable Branches and Railways from the said intended Canal. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for building a Chapel in the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

lxxij. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending certain Mile-ways leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the University and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and adjoining Parish of Saint Clement, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Highways, Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Heal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for altering and enlarging; the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleans. ing, lighting, watering and watching such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenham Court Road. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for more effectually paving, widening and improving the Streets and other. Places within and adjoining to the said Parish. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places without the Walls, but within the Liberties, of Newcastle abort Tyne. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for better supplying with Coal the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gofporty Porif mouth and Portseay and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead, Saint Helens, and other g2 Geo. III.

Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southomp-ton9 and to and from certain Places in the said Island, and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen. Page 1147 lxxix. An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually re* pairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth; and for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the said County, and more effectually making and regulating the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the same. 1151

lxxx. An Act for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of the Bridge over the River Avon, at or near Stratford upon Avony in the County of Warwick, and for widening the fame Bridge, and improving the Approaches thereto. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for repairing the Road from Chatham to Canterbury in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby Bridge, in the County of Warwick, to the Town of Hinckleyt in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for continuing the Term and amending the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty* for repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Pod in Long Lea % e Lane, near Lydiard Marshy to Crick lade» in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for repairing the Roads from Butterton Moor End to the Turnpike Road from Buxton to Ashborne; from Bladon Moor to the fame Turnpike Road near New-haven; and from Warjlow to Edon Mine, in the Counties of Stafford and Derby. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Den* high to the Northop and Holywell Road, and from Afon Wen to Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to an adjoining Branch of Road. 1152

lxxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thirty first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Darly Moor, in the CountV of Derby, to Ellaflon, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford\ Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Ha-verfordwejty to the City of Saint Davids, and from the said City-to Caerfai, in the County of Pembroke. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads to and from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford* Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, > for. repairing the Road from Ternhill to Newport, in the County of Salop

Ibid.

xc. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Tenth and Thirty first Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Worijop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Mujiham, in the County of Nottingham, and the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Kneefal and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carltvn.upon Trent* all in sche same County. Ibid.

xci. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Perth and Forfar. Ilia.

i rcii. Aa

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xl

xcii. An Act for repairing the Road from Storrington to Balk Hut, in Waller ton, in the County of Sussex. Page 1152 An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rowde Forde to Red Hill, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xciv. An Act to enable Trusteea, with the Consent therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of a certain Field or Close, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Estates late of the Reverend Richard Sutton Tates, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to enable the Guardian of Henri Courtney, a Minor, to make Leases of certain Parts of said Minor's Estates, in and near the City of Dublin. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a Messuage and Lands in the Parish of Alfreton, in the County of Derby, purchased with the Sum of One hundred Pounds bequeathed by the Will of George Spateman for charitable Purposes, for a Messuage and Lands of Joseph Outram Gentleman, in the Parish of Matlock, in the same County. 1153

xcvii. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the ReSor of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the time being, to grant Building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said ReSory, and to fell the present ReSory House and Garden, and to build a new ReSory House. Ibid.

xcvhi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Caflertont in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of West- morhtnd. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Burgh Castle and Herringfleet in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Grindleton, Bradford, Wad-dington and Bashall, in the Parish of Mitton, in the County of York. Ibid.

ci. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Scakhwaiterigg, Hay and Huttonith Hay, in the Parish of Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

cii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Tonge, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, and County of Lancaster. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alfreton, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

civ. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blymhill in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

cr. An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Boson, in the County of Lincoln; and for fixing the Wharfage of Goods landed within the said Port and Harbour; and for Better maintaining the Buoys, Beacons and Seamarks,

belonging thereto. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Hay Railway to amend, vary and extend the Line of the said Railway, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Railway. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the End of the Llanvihangel Railway, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Crucomey, in the County of Monmouth, to or near to the Twelfth Mile Stone, in the Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, to the City of Hereford. Ibid.

Cvfii. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining Lands lying on both Sides the

River Wkham, in the County of Lincoln, and restoring the Navigation of the said River; and for repealing another Act of His present Majesty, in relation to the said Drainage and Navigation. Page 1153

cix. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Sidwell, in the City and County of the City of Exeter. Ibid.

cx. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Bishop Start-ford, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for paving the Footpaths and for lighting and watching that Part of the Kent Street Road which leads from Kent Street End unto the Bridge next immediately below the Green Mdn Turnpike, situated within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and certain Public Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages and Places communicating therewith, respectively situated within the said Parish, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Newington, adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein. 1154 cxii. An Act for lighting and watching the Road leading from Newington Butts to the Nag9s Head, on the Wand* sworth Road, and several other Roads and Places communicating therewith, situate in the Parishes of Saint Mary Lambeth, Clapham and Battersea, in the County of Surrey

Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and for regulating the Police and Markets of the said Town. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for allowing further Time for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to the London Dock Company. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for repairing the Road from Ojffljam to DilchcL ling, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near Banner Cross, in the West Riding of the County of York, through the Township of Dorr, to or near to Fox House, in the County of Derby; and also a Branch from Dore aforesaid, to or near to Owler Bridge, in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, so far as the same relate to the Flint, Holywell and Mojlsn Districts of Road. 1155 cxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to AldermaRon Great Bridge, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Bury Saint Edmunds to Newmarket, and from Brandon to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentish Town to Upper Hol- loway, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Tideswell to Blackwell, and thence to Sough Lane; and also from Edenfor to Ashford, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the East End of a Close called Lords Close, in the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmorland, into the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and for building a Bridge in the Line of the said Road over the River Eamont, which divides the said Counties of Westmorland

and Cumberland. Ibid.

cxxiii. An

( & Personal)

cxxiii. An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made between Thomas Fowler Gentleman, and Mary his Wife, both deceased, and the Vicar of Wa&erton, in the County of Sufix* of Lands and Hereditaments of the said Thomas Fowler* in the Parish of Walbert on* for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Parish. 1 x55

cxxiv. An Act for vesting Part of the settled ElUtes of Sir Mark Majlerman Sykes Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue of such Purchase Monies, under the like Direction, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in such Part of the Parish of Eglwysfach as lies in the County of Denbigh, and in the several Parishes of LlanfaintJFraid Gian Conway and Liane-Han in Rhos* in the same County. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Marrick, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Saint Mary Extra and South Stonebam, in the County of Southampton* Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Afbotria* and in the several Parishes of Aspatria* Brumfield and Allhallow s, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Attle-burgh, in the County of Norfolk. 1156

cxxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in Thurlfione, in the Parish of Peuifioue, and County of York. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJlhaly in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxxxiL An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Belton, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Itchen Abbas, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Wart hilly in the County of York* Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Great Bentley, in the County of EJex. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for inclosing the Forett of Delamere, in the County of Chester* Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Dundas to fell certain Feu and Teind Duties and Casualties of the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zst-land, upon entailing Lands equivalent in Value thereto. Ibid.

cxxxvhi. An Act for maintaining the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Town of Tralee, in the County of Kerry. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Old Furnace to Newbridge and Merthyr Tydvily in the Gnrnty of Glamorgan, and from Merthyr Tydvil to the Bridge over the River Tass* which divides the Counties of Glamorgan and Brecon. Ibid.

si. An Act to explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of certain Acts passed for making and maintaining The Grand Junction Canal. Ibid.

cxlL An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal with Aqucduds, Feeders and Reservoirs, from the Stort Navigation at or near Bflop's Stortford, in the County of Hertford* to join the River Cam* near Clayhfthe Sluice, in the County of Cambridge* with a navigable Branch or Cut from the said Canal at Sawston to Whaddon, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

cmJH. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Pcarlynsnawr, in the Parish of Llanfibangel Efceifing, to

52° GEO. III. xli

Ridwharf, in the Parish of Iftanbedrgoch, in the County of Anglesey; and also a Dock in the Parish of Llanbe-drgoch aforesaid. B/tge 1156

cxliii. An Act for draining, iirdofing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common* and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton; and for forming the fame into a Parish, to be called Newborough; and for building and endowing a Church for such Parish.

ll57

cxliv. An Act for forming into Township certain Extra-parochial Lands in Wildmorp Fen> and in the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for embanking The Hundred Feet Wajbes, in the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, ibid* cxlvi. An Act for enabling The Highgate Archway Company to radfe a further Sum of Money, to complete their Works. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames, near Fauxball, and making Roads thereto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey. Ibid.

cxlviii. An Act for establishing a Ferry over the River Thames from Greenwich, in the County of Kent* to the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex* and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith. Ibid.

cxlix. An Act for widening and improving the Street or Road leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper East Smithfield, in the Parish of Saint Rotolph without Aid* gate, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cl. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the rirft, Two Acts of King George the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Gloucester towards Hereford* and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cli. An Act for continuing the Term, and for altering and amending several Acts passed in the Third, Twenty fourth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, Jor repairing, amending and keeping in Repair, several Roads within the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

clii. An Act for making a new Branch of Road from the Town of Carmarthen to Laugher, in the County of Gla» morgan* and another Branch of Road from the Great Mount-aifi to Llandilo, in the same County. Ibid.

diii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, and of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carlow* Kilkenny and Tipperary; and also for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the Town of Clonmel* through the County of Waterford* to the Cross Roads of Knoeklofty, in the County of Tipperary. Ibid.

cliv. An Act for making a Public Carriage Road from the present Turnpike Road, near the South End of Highbury Place, Islington* to Haberdashers Walk, in the Parish of Saint Leonard* Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

ij58

civ. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two A.ds of the Eleventh and Thirty iecond Yearn of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market House in the Town of Great Faringdon, in the County of Berks* to Burford, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

clvi. An Act to vest the Coins and Medals given by the Will of Robert Anflen Esquire, deceased, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. Ibid.

f z civil, ftp

xlii The TITLES of the STATUTES,

clvii. An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlarging the Trulls and Powers of the said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School. Petge 11 c8

dviii. An Act to enable the Vicar, for the time being, of the Vicarage of Ktdder minder, in the County of Worcester, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the said Vicarage, and to fell the present Vicarage House, Garden and Out Offices occupied therewith, and certain Part of the Glebe Land, and to purchase Land and build thereon a new Vicarage House. Ibid.

dix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Tything or Hamlet of Wefi Compton, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

dx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wyjingfet otherwise Whijfonfctt, Stanfield and Horningtoft, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

dxi. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes Lands in the Parish of Braughwg, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

dxii. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Manor and Parish of Upton, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

dxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holbeach and IVhaplode, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

dxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in Biddenham, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

dxy. An Act to amend an Act of His orefent Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the several Pari (ties of Llanarthney, LI anon i Llandebye and Llanvihangel Aberbythick, in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

dxri. An Act for inclosing. Lands in the Parish of Windle-sham, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

dxvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in Stagfden, is the County of Bedford. Ibid.

dxriii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for felling Part of the said Lands, and applying the Produce thereof in Aid of the Poors* Rates of the said Parish. Ibid.

dxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in Llangefni, Llanddyfnan, Pentraeth and Cerrigceinwrn, in the County of Anglesey.

ll59

dxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in Barrington, in the County of York. Ibid.

clxxi. An Act for difaforefUr.g the Forest of Parkhurfi, in the County of Southampton, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest. Ibid.

clxxii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Police^of the City of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

clxxiii. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kid-welly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Tram Roads, in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

clxxiv. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes in the Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, IVhaplode, Holbech and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln; and also for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty as affects the Marshes and Sands on the Outside of the Sea Bank, lately made by virtue of the first mentioned Act. Ibid.

clxxv. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for enabling the several Persons therein .named

to dispose of certain Houses in and near Skinner Street, i« the City of London, and Pickett Street, Temple Bar, Wefi-minfitr, by Lottery. Page 1159

clxxvi. An Act for exchanging a Fee Simple Ellate belonging to George Brooke Esquire, for Estates under Settlement, devised by the Will of the late Reverend John Brooke Clerk, in the Counties of Salop, "Stafford, Warwick and Montgomery. Ibid.

clxxvii. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke Esquire, and the Trustees of his settled Estates. Ibid.

clxxviii. An Act for vesting certain Estates of John Graham Esquire, and John Smith Graham Gentleman, in Charles Court, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold 5 and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

clxxix. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Elizabeth Jackson, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Money in manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

clxxx. An Act for effecting the Sale of unsettled Freehold Estates, belonging to Ttjomas Whitmore Wylde Browne, an Infant, in Fee Simple, and for inveiling the Purchase Monies in other Real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infant in Fee Simple. Ibid.

clxxxi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IVey otherwise Weyhill, within the Manor of Ramridge, in the County of Southampton, and in the Hamlet or Township of Applejhaw in the said County. Ibid.

clxxxii. An Act forerefting a Court House, County House, or Sessions House, for the Use of the City and County of Londonderry. 1160

clxxxiii. An Act for increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering and repairing Blackfriars Bridge. Ibid.

clxxxiv. An Act for effecting the Sale of Part of the settled Estates of the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jenkinson; and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the former Uses. Ibid.

clxxxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King Grorjr^the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining of the Piers and Harbour of Whitby in the County of York. Ibid.

clxxxvi. An Act for separating the Management of the Harbour of Margate, in the County of Kent, from the Paving and Lighting of the Town of Margate, and for veiling the future Management of the said Harbour in a Joint Stock Company of Proprietors. Ibid.

clxxxvii. An Act for vesting the settled Estates in the County of Northampton of Richard Aldworth Griffin Lord'Braybrooke, and Part of the devised Estates in the County > of Essex of John Griffin Lord Howard de Walden and Lord Braybrooke, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, under the Direction o? the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be .settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

clxxxviii. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers of the Commissioners appointed in

Jiurfuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty* for enabling the Commissioners acting in pursuance

{Local s Perfinat) 52° GEO. III. xliii

faauce of an Agreement between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, to carry the fame into Effect. Fetge 1*60

dwiix. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in the County of Leicester, for Part of the imfettled Estates of the said Earl, situate in the County of Derby. Ibid.

cxc. An Act to enable Francis Earl of Moira, and the Personx entitled in Reversion expectant on his Ellate for Life, to grant Leases of Mines and Mineral Property on their Estates, in Ashby dt la Zouch in the County of Lei-cefier, and Oakthorpe in the County of Derby. Ibid.

cxci. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Montague Earl of Abingdon to grant Leases for Lives, or for Year* determinable on Lives, of his settled Estates in the P^rifties of Cumner alias Cumber, and Hinksey, in the County of Berks, upon the Terms and subject to the Re-ft rift ions therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxcii. An Act For confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into between the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of London, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhobe Esquire, Frederick Treife Morjhead Esquire, Sir John Morjhead Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Selina Thijilethwayte; and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal. Ibid.

cxciii. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to fell, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of London and his Lessees of the Ellate at Paddington, belonging to the See of London, to purchase certain Waters and Springs, and the Conduits and other Appurtenances thereto, within the several Parishes of Mary le \bone and Paddington, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxciv. An Act for vesting a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in Devonshire Square in the City of London, and a Messuage and .Lands situate at Wimbleton in the County of Surrey, Part of Estates settled by the Will of Ahrabam Aguilar deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. n6i

cxcv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Fhames in the Parish of Limehouse, with a Collateral Cut in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex* Ibid.

cxcvi. An Act for making a Pier and Landing Place at Ryde, in the Isle of Wight. Ibid.

cxcvii. An Act for watching and lighting Part of the High Road leading from London to Croydon, commencing at the Turnpike Gate at Kenning ton, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and leading from thence on the Line of the said Road, to Brixton Hill, and as far as the said Parish extends in that Direction. Ibid.

cxcviii. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, to Deptford in the County of Kent, and a Branch therefrom to Horfleydown, in the said County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxcix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of liis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloueefier. Ibid.

cc. An Act for enabling the Deviseea in Trust named in the Will of George Shanv deceased, to grant Building Leases of C9Ttm Estates situate in the Parish of Saint Dunstan

Stepney otherwise Stebunheath, in the County of Middlefe thereby devised. Page x 161

cci. An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Great Tithes of the Prebend ot Beachill and Knaresbrough, in the County of York, in Trust to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of Estates to be settled and annexed to the said Prebend. Ibid.

ccii. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates of Edmund Waller Esquire, deceased, to raise Money upon-Mortgage of the fame Estates, for the Purpose of satisfy--ing the Fines payable to the Bishop of Winchester, for the Lease of the Manor of Moreton, in the County of Bucking-ham; and for veiling the said Leasehold Premises in the Trustees, upon Trusts corresponding to the Uses of the settled Estates. Ibid.

cciii. An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Price Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell certain Parts thereof, and out of the Purchase Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt due to the Representatives of Charter Gore Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Residue, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, and to Hand seised of and convey the Estates to be so purchased, as well as those remaining unfold, to the Uses of the said John Price's Will. Ibid.

cciv. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Mau< rice Nugent O'Connor Esquire, in the County of Rofcom mon, in Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of In-cumbrances, and for settling other Estates in the King's County, in Ireland, in lieu of the Estates so to be sold. Ibid.

ccv. An Act to enable the Dean of Saint Paul London to

frant a Lease of Messuages, Tenements, Lands and itaments in the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and to enable the Lessees to grant Sub Leases for building on and repairing that Estate. 1162 ccvi. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of South Cove in the County of Suffolk, belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson of tho Rectory of the Church of Depding, otherwise Depden, in the same County, belonging to Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet. Ibid.

ccvii. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of George Philipps Esquire, deceased, situate in the County and County Borough of Carmarthen in Trustees, to be sold 5 and for laying out the* Monies thence arising in the Purchas^ of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

ccviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bed-dington, with the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

ccix. An Act for building a new Prison in the City of London, for removing thereto Prisoners confined under Civil. Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate, and for converting the Building now containing the said Two Compters and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the said Two Compters and into a House of Correction for the said City-of London* Ibid.

ccx. An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to improve and grants Building Leases of the Ground in Moorfields; also to fell all the Ground comprised in such Leases when improved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increasing the Orphans Fund. Ibid.

ccxi. An Act for the further Improvement of Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

ccxii. An Act for allotting Lands in the P^riftiesof Longhorn, Kcmpflon, MibAam, and Beeston next Mile ham, W the County of Noqolk. Ibid.

V LOCAL.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Jtliv

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I. AN Act for naturalizing Christian Dtetrichfen.

2. An Act for inclosing Lauda in the Parish of Net-tleton, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandon Parva otherwise Little Brandy in the County of Norfolk.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapefry of Holdfafi, in the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

J. An Act for inclosing Lands in Honingham, in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Island and Parish of Wefi Thorney, in the County of Sussex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

*]. An Act for inclosing Lands in Lindley, in the Parish of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of l oft, in the County of Cambridge.

<9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wormington, in the County of Gloucijler.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Charlton Horetborne, in the County of Somerset.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gujfage Saint Michael, in the County of Dorset.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shipston upon Stower, in the County of Worcester.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Bodymoor Heath, or Heath Houses, in the County of Warwick.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ofmondefion otherwise Scole and Frentce, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palgrave, in the County of Suffolk.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for incloung Lands in the Parishes of Earsham, D 'ttchingham and Hedenham, in the County of Norfolk.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Horsham, in the County of Sussex.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

19. An Act for naturalizing David Bromer.

20. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Boyefon.

j?i. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Greet and Sudely Tenements, in the Parish of Winch comb, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

It. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harejfield, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longney, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

An Act for inclosing Lands in Little Paxton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

2$. An Act for plotting and .exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of orocklejby and Great Limber, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Wrat-tin^ otherwise Talworth Wratting, in the County of Suf-

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Witton, BaQon, Edingthorpe and Paston, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Hillingdon, in the County of Middle-

fa*-

29. An Act for naturalizing John Diderich Rucker.

30. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Charles Meyer

31. An Act for naturalizing Charles Green.

32. An Act for naturalizing Elifee Hubert Defoignes.

33. An Act to relieve the Honourable John Bruce Richard O'Neill, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Antrim, from certain Penalties which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the Oaths, and in other Re-spefts conformed to the Laws in such Case made and provided.

34. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex, Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Frederick William Earl of Bristol, in Trustees, upon Truil to fell; and for laying out the Mopies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of more convenient Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Ottfden otherwise Owfden, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.}

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newton upon Ouze, and in the Township of Shipton, in the Parish of Overton, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.}

37. An Act for inclosing Lanas iii the Parish of Graf on, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.}

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in North Lopham and South Lopham, in the County of Norfolk.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lif/gate, in the County of Suffolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wymering and Widhy, and Hamlets of Cosham and Hilfea, on the South Side of Portsdown Hill, in the County of Hants.

41. An Act for ijiclosing Lands in the Parish of Ovington, in the County of Southampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pinxtpn, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham.

43. An Act for inclosine Lands in the Township and Manor of Siainbprn, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

44. An Act for inclosing Lanas in the Township of Eaglef field and Blindbothel, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

{Local & Personal not printed')5 2 GEO. III.

xlv

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Badfey, in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bampton, in the County of Oxford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Edgefield, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Ackton, in the Parish of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

49-

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of with Grimfcote, in the County of Northampton, and for extin-

: Cold High am

gutshing the Tithes thereof, and of Potcote, in the said Parish,

50. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Brimsworth, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Barton Hartjbome and Chetwode, in the County of Buckingham*

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Clayhidon, in the Parish of Clayhidon, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pebworth, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

54. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Rothwell otherwise Rowell, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in Kirkhy Thure, in the County of Westmorland*

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Aftton open Carrant and Pamington Homedowns, in the Parish of Ashchurch, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanelly, Llangenech and Llanedy, within the Commot of Camawllon, in the Lordship of Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stapleford, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

59. An Act for inclosing Lanas in the Parish of West Wickham, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Brockham and East Betchworth, within the Parish of Betchmscrth, in the County of Surrey

4l. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrhyftid, and the several other Parishes therein mentioned in the County of Cardigan

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanfynydd, L lan eg tv ad, Llangathen and Llanfh angel Kilt)argon, in the County of Carmarthen.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

63. An Act for naturalizing Jean de Courtenay.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Creech Saina Michael, in the County of Somerset.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Barton under Need wood and Tatenbill, in the Parish of Tatenhill, and in the Township of Toxall and Hoarcross, in the Parish of Toxall, and in the Township of Nethertown and Hampftall Ridwart, in the Parish of Hampjlall Ridware, in the County of Stafford.

[Allotment to His Majesty. No Lease of Lands allotted to ReQor of Tatenhiu, without Consent of His Majesty as Patron of the Advowson.]

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Martin in the Parish of Great Bedouin, in the County of Wilts.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.]

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex.

6ft. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrovjl, in the Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Buck land, in the County of Somerset.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Posing, in the County of Sussex.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in Chalton, Catherington, Clanfield, jBlend worth and Idfworthy in the County of Southampton.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Much Birch and Little Birch, in the County of Hereford.

[And for mating Compensation for Tithes.]

73. An Act to dissolve the Marriage ot Richard Afoort Esquire with Sidney Arabella J^oore his now Wife, and to enable him to marry agairj, j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Blachford Esquire with Maria Camilla Blachford his now Wife, and to enable him to .marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Nevin, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Penmorfa, Dolbenmaen and Llanftbangel y Pennant, in the County of Carnarvon.

[Allotment to His Majesty.]

77. An Act to enable Robert De Lijle to make a valid Settlement on the Marriage intended between him and Anne Salvht Spinster, notwithstanding his Minority,

The

Lately published,

L

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM MAGNA CARTA TO THE UNION OF THE KINGDOMS OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

(41 Geo. III. 1800.)

Edited to the End of Henry VIII. By T. E. TOMLINS, Esq. Barrister at Law-And from that Period, By JOHN RAITHBY, Esq. Barrister at Law.

In Ten large Volumes Quarto, Price 31 /. io*. in Boards.

ALSO,

ANOTHER EDITION OF THE SAME WORK,

In Twenty large Volumes Octavo,

Price 21 /. in Boards.

II.

THE STATUTES AT LARGE,

FROM THE UNION WITH IRELAND TO THE PRESENT TIME.

The Quarto Edition, Volumes (including 5 a Geo. III.) Price 11l. 6j. in Boards. The Octavo Edition, in 10 Volumes, Price 10A is. in Boards.

[These Editions are continued Annually; and any Volume Or Session may ykt be had separately.]

&S* A General Index by Mr. Raithby, from Magna Carta down to 50 Geo. III. is in the Press, and will be printed in Quarto and Octavo, for the Accommodation of the Purchasers of the alove, and former Editions.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quincjuagesimo.

AT the Parliament begun and hoWenat Westminster, the Twenty secondday of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of

God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued by several Prorogations, to the Twenty third day of January 1810, being the Fourth Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain \ and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England \ for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten

[26th February 1810.]

49 G. 3. c. I. to which this AB (except the Data, and except the Recital of 49 G. 3. c. 55, in Session 19. in ad-d tion to the 48 G. 3. c. 1 oa. appointing Commissioneri, and the Recital of the 49 G. 3. c. 1. ax continuing the Duties) is in all RespeBsJimilar

CAP. II.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[12th March 18x0.]

«*Treasury impowered to raise 10, 500^000l. by Exchequer Bills, in Manner prescribed by 48 G. ?. c, t. — § r, 2. 44 Principal of laid Bills charged on Firflt Supplies of next Session. §3. Interest thereon of 3$ per Cent. per Diem. % 4. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &Q. after April 5, 1811. §5. Bank of England empowered to advance 6, 500, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — §6 44 Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §7.

CAP. hi:

An Act forraiGng the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[12th March 1810.]

[\on the like Terms as under c. 2. of this Stssion,]

CAP. IV.

An Act to indemnify such- Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments \ and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectivbly, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and elevens and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term one thousand eight hundred and eleven. £ 12th Mptch 1810.]

yo Geo. III. B CAP.

2 C. 5, 6. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

49 G. a. c.

continued u to Great Britain, till Dec. 31, lsio.

His Majesty, after 0<ft. 1, 1810, may permit Distilktkm from Grain (Wheat eacrpt-cd), and may ek-tend the Tune of Prohibition.

49 G. a. c. 8.

further cogfci-nued (except the RcmitGon of a Penalty.;

Act may be varied, Ao.

CAP. V.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, for a limited Time; and to continue, until Four Months after the Expiration of such Prohibition, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of 1 British or 7r//£-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

[12th March 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisioni of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti-

W tilled, An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom for a limited Time, should be continued for a Time to be limited, as far as the fame regard Great Britain : 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conferst of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the said Act, and all and every the Matters and Things therein contained, shall be and the fame is and are hereby continued, as far as the fame regard that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, until the Thirty-fird Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty at any Time after the Fird Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the making of Worts or Wadi for Distillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be ifluedby and with the Advice of His Privy Councilor by His Majesty*8 Order in Council? to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to permit and suffer all and every Person or Persons, (but not any particular Person or Persons, ) at any time or times not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Wadi for Distillation from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grain (Wheatexcepted), or from any Malt, Flour or Bran; or in case His Majesty, at any Time after the said Fird Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, further to continue the Prohibition of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, frum the said Thirty, fird Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting 01 Parliament, then, and in such Case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order in Council, to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the said Thirty tird Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned, (that is to say), that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, during the Continuance of fmch Prohibition, no Worts or Wadi for Distillation shall be made from Oats* Barley or any ether Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

III. And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to suspend the Importation of Britishi or \rift\-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively until the First Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and nine, which Act was further continued by another Act passed in the last Session

of Parliament, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten: And whereas it is expedient that all the Provisioni for preventing the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively should be further continued : Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in the fird recited Act contained (except as far as respectsthe Remission of the Penalty for the Forfeiture of any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, within a Time therein limited) shall continue and be in force from the Expiration of the last recited Act until Four Months after the Expiration of the Time which shall be fixed under the Authority of this Act for prohibiting the Distillation of Spirits from Grain in Great Brittain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act way be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Primeds Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

[12th March 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

44 G. 3. c. exci. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precind of the Savoy, or near thereunto» 4 in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey, the Company of Proprietors of the said intended Bridge are authorized to set out and make a Road from the said Bridge, to or near to a certain Place called the Obelijk, in Saint George's 4 Fields, in the Parish of Saint George's Southwark, in the said County of Surrey; and also to set out and make another Road, from a certain Street called Stamford Street, in the Parish of Chrifi Church, in the said County of Surrey, into the said fird mentioned Road; and the said Company of Proprietors are further authorised to purchase a certain Slip, or Piece of Land, which, in the making and constructing of the said

fird

v^»

3

50° GEORGII III. C. 6.

first mentioned Road, will intervene between such Road and the Estate and Premises of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Duke of Cornwall, called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Sa/tf/ Mary Lambeth,

in the County of $ii#r*jr, and to assign, -transfer and set over the said Slip or Piece of Land unto His said9Royal Highness, His Heirs and Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, in exchange for such Portion of Land, Parcel of the said Premises, called Prince'/ Meadows, as shall be requisite for the making and constructing of the said before mentioned Roads, in their Course through and over certain Parts of the said Premises called Prince's 4 Mendowss . And whereas the efecting of the said intended Bridge, to be called the Strand Bridge, and the making and constructing of the said intended Roads, together with the before mentioned Exchange of Land so authorized as a fore said, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Premises called Prince9 s Meadows, in connection with all the adjoining Property, if Encouragement shall be given for the Erection of good and substantial Dwelling Houses and other Buildings, in lieu of the present Houses, most of which are con*

ftruded chiefly of Wood, and are in a ruinous State, producing, with the Remainder of the said Premises, a 4 present gross Rental to the Lessees of about Three thousand two hundred Pounds only per annum; and also for the Construction of other respectable Buildings in the Line of the said intended Roads, and the making of other Roads or Streets to communicate with the before mentioned intended Roads; all which might be

effected, if His said Royal Highness was empowered to grant Leafesof the said Premises, upon such Terms as might be for the mutual Benetit of His said Royal Highness and His Successors: And whereas the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, contain altogether, by Admeasurement, Twenty eight Acres, Three Roods, and Ten Perches of Land, or thereabout, and comprize within the Limits thereof a Range of Wharfs, with Two Bargehouses, altogether abutting upon the River Thames, to the Extent of One thousand two hundred and fifty two Feet, or thereabout, behiud which Wharfs and Bargehouses there is a 4 narrow Road or Street, called the Narrow Wall, the irregular and winding Course whereof precludes several of the said Wharfs from occupying a fsfficient Space in Depth from the said River, but which might be remedied, and the Public be more conveniently accommodated, by the making and constructing of another Road or Street across the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, in lieu of, and somewhat further removed from the said River, than the before mentioned Road or Street called the Narrow Wall, in which the present Buildings are for the moll Part constructed of Wood, and otherwise are of a very inferior Description,

and some of them in a very ruinous State, and the Remainder of the said Premises conlilts principally of Meadow or Pailure Land and Garden Ground, there being only a small Portion thereof covered with Buildings: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to tifnke Leafs,

Gobies and Grants of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of Ills said Rbyal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; His said Royal Highness, in addition to the ordinary Powers thereby veiled in His said Royal Highness, of making Leases and Grants for the Term of Thirty one Years, or for Terms of Years determinable upon Three Lives, is further empowered to make Leases and Grants of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, for any Term of Years not exceeding the Term-of Ninety nine Years, expressly for the Purpose of improving the same, by etecting substantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpose of improving Waste Lands by Cultivation or otherwise; provided that upon all such Leases or Grants £b to be made for Terms exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the usual Term determinable upon Three Lives, improved Annual Ground Rents should be reserved, payame to His said Royal Highness,

4 or to such as should have the Inheritance or other Edate of the said Duchy; and that in all such Cases no Fine or other Consideration should be taken by His said Royal Highness, further or other than the improved Annual Ground Rent3 so directed to be reserved as aforesaid: And whereas the said before recited Provision again! the taking of Fines in all Cases of Leases or Grants to be made by His said Royal Highness for Terms exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the usual Term determinable upon Three Lives, was not intended

to deprive His Royal Highness of the accudomed Benefit of Fines to be received, in the ordinary Course 0/

granting Renewals in like Manner as such Fines might now be received by His said Royal Highness, in respect to the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, by confining the future Leases or Grants thereof to

such Terms of Years as, with the existing Terms therein, would not exceed the ordinary Period of Thirty one Years, but which Period is of a Duration too limited to afford sufficient Encouragement for the erecting of any substantial Buildings, whilll the continuing so to grant the said Premises for short Terms of Years will not only have the Effe£l of excluding them from the Improvement whereof they are from Situation susceptible, but may at the same time occasion the said Premises to remain an Interruption to any general Plan for the Improvement of the Neighbourhood, which at present Hands so much in Need thereof: And whereas it would not be adviseable, under the Circumstances before mentioned, to make any immediate Leases or Grants of the-said Premises called Prince's Meadows, for such Term only as, with the existing Term or Terms therein, would till up the same to the ordinary Period of Thirty one years, more especially as the said Premises could not be made to produce, under a Lease or Leases to be granted for such limited Term of Years, a greater Income than the Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds Yearly, clear of all Out-

*goings, whilik under a Lease or Leases to be granted for extending the Term to Ninety nine Years absolute,

the Ground might be covered with respectable Houses, and the clear Income to be derived therefrom be

increased to Five thousand Pounds yearly: But forasmuch as His said Royal Highness, 'by granting Building Leases for such an extended Term of Years, would be deprived of the Benefit of such Fiue or Fines as may rightfully belong to His said Royal Highness, and could be readily obtained by making Reversionary Grants of the said Premises for filling up the present Terms therein to Thirty one Years: Be it therefore

f 1)2* ena&efl

33 G. 3. e. rs. §3.

The Prince of Wale* empower-.«4 to make Leases of the Pcemifea herein 4efaribcdL

General Sating.

Copies of Articles of War to he traufimtted 10 Judges, &c.

Prorifo for Persone haiiiJy en-Cfting.

C. 6, 7. 50° GEORGII IU. A.D. 1810.

enabled by the King'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cotifent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Doffing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His said Royal Highness, and Hil said Royal Highness is hereby authorized and empowered to make Leases and Grants, or to contract and a^ree fot Himself, His Heirs and Successors, to make Leases and Grants, of all or any Part or Parcel of the said Premises, with the Appurtenances, called Prince's Meadows, to any Person or Persons whomsoerer, for such Term or Terms of Years as, with the Term or Terms in being, under any existing Lease or Leases, shall not altogether exceed the Term of Ninety nine Years from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, or from tbfc Date of any Contracts or Agreements to be made as aforesaid, at and under such improved Yearly Rent ot Rents, fin addition to the Yearly Rent or Rents now referred as aforesaid, ) to commence and become payable to His said Royal Highness, His Heirs and Successors, from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Yearfc from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, Contracts or Agreements respectively, as shall not, in the wholfc Amount of such Rent or Rents, be less than the clear Sum of Five thousand Pounds yearly; and that in all Cases of such extended Leases or Grants, Contracts or Agreements so to be made as aforesaid, of all of anV Part or Parcel of the said Premises, with the Appurtenances called Prince's Meadows, it shall and may be lawful for His said Royal Highness, and His said Royal Highness is hereby authorized and empowered to takfe and receive such Sum or Sums of Money, in the Way of Fine or Fines, as may be a fair and reasonable Consideration for such Portion of the said extended Term or Terms of Years so to be granted or contracted for as aforesaid, as with the Term or Terms then in being would, in the ordinary Courfcof granting Renewals within the said Duchy have made up the Term of Thirty one Years only from the Date of any such Leases or Grant*, Contracts or Agreements.

II. Saving always, to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, (other than His said Majesty, His Heirs and Succedors, and other than His said Royal Highness the Prince and His Heirs, and all and every Person and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit and enjoy the said Duchy of Cornwell by force of any Act of Parliament or other Limitation whatsoever), all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Interests, Tenures, Terms, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of, in, to or out of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, with the Appurtenances, or any Part or Parcel thereof, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had, before the making 6( this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, and in a3. large and ample Manner and Form as if this Act had never been made; this ACT or any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[21st March 1810J

Number of Forces 98, 780. $ 1.

XXXI. And for the more effectual Notification thereof to the several Judges and Persons herein after mentioned, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of all such Articles of War, printed by the King's Printer, shall, from time to time, as Toon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made and established by His Majesty, be transmitted by His Majesty8 Secretary at War for the time being, signed with his own Hand and Name, to the Judges of His Majesty's superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin and Edinburgh, respectively, and also to the Governors of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations and Territories abroad.

LXXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such enlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Distent to such enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the*Enlisting Money, and also each Person so dilTeiiting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with such fuu Rate allowed by Law for the Stibfistence or Diet and Small Beer furuifticd to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been enlisted, such Person or Persons so enlisting shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if fwch Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or^ in his own Presence, to cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Secopd Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defection, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked

4 (A).

5

50° GEORGII III.

C. 7.

(A.)t or if the Person shall be defirout of enlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (BA; and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the enlisting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked ( A.)* shall hare been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the Case of Recruits enlisted to serve either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India Com* ferny, in which Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (AA or (B.) to this Act annexed, take the .Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Enlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refnfe to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be infiifted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Mutter; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered: Provided always, that every Non-commtfiioned Officer or Private Soldier who shall enlist any Recruit, shall, at the Time of such enlisting esquire the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give the same to the Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlitted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non-commissioned Officer belonging to*such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid, when demanded, to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same.

XXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Apprentice, who shall be claimed by his Master, shall be taken from the Regiment, Troop or' Recruiting Party with which he shall be but under a Warrant granted by(bme Justice ofsthe Peace or Magistrate of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, and redding near to the Place where such Apprentice shall happen to be when so claimed, and it mall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Notice having been given to the Officer commanding the Regiment or Trooper Company, or the Recruiting Party with which such Apprentice shall then be, or some Non-commissioned Officer of such Recruiting Party, of such Warrant, and that a Copy thereof has been left with such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, and of such Person being an Apprentice, and having enlisted and-declared that he was no Apprentice, and on Production and Proof of the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to commit such Person so offenaing as aforesaid if required so to do by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Master, there to remain, until he shall be discharged by due Course of Law, or if not so required to deliver such Apprentice to his Master.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, so redding near to the Place where the Apprentice shall be claimed as aforesaid, except in Scotland, as herein after mentioned, before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as aforesaid, to examine into the Matters alledged against such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occasion shall require, and to bind over the Master claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think, proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is herein after direct d to be had against such Person so offending; and the Production of such Indenture of Apprenticeship, with the Certificate of the Justices of the Peace or Magistrate that the fame was proved before him, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Indenture of Apprenticeship.

XCII. And whereas several Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards defi-rt, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service, ' it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or

Pfcce,

Recruits enlisted under 39 G. 3. c. 109. for East India Company's Service, &c. shall take Oath of Allegiance.

Name and Re* fidence of Recruits.

In what Case J nftw.es may discharge Pnrfons haltily enlisting.

Apprentice* claimed by Mailers dial I be carried before Justice and committed*

Justice* io examine upon Oath and to keep the Jndeature to I. produced on the Trial.

Justices may commit Dcirt*-era*

C. 7.

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Tt*.

JuAlee* of Peaee, graining an Ex-.trufion ot Furlough, to order

Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confoffion, or the Testimonr of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of Inch Just ice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other Public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Marshal, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the time being in London, or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Corrtdion, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that Behalf, and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or other Public Prison of the City, Town or Place at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, mall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Inland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling on account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid, and upon the Request of any such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be gi anted, it shall be lawful to the Justice of the Peace granting the fame, to make gn Order in Writing under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place P.irish Officer* to wherein such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money dirrded in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non-com-ur*' missioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid; and the same shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Rc-imbursement. Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the Sum so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, upon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Parish, Township or Place shall be situated, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Parish Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any publick Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such A gent* ©{ Regi- Orders of Justices shall be taken as Caffi in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and all Sums nirius to repay of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by tlte Money foad\an- Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, to draw for and receive the same; Provided always, that if the Justice < £ Peace shall not think tit to make such Order for paying any such Moneyas aforesaid, he shall state his Reasona for such Refusalin Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be and continue iu force, within Great Britain, from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand -eight hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland % from the Thirty first Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and shall be and continue in force in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, and the 1 Hands thereto belonging, as to such Parts thereof as relate to those Places respectively, from the Thirtieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten until the First Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar and in His Majesty's other Dominions, or elsevhere, beyond the Seas, from tl>e Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven until the Twenty, fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Soldiers and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

h'u A8, except the Clauses above infer ted, is similar to 49 G. 3. c. 12.']

Continuance.

'c, 1

Ac

may lie altered this. Sefiiom

A.D. 1810. 5o* GEORGII III. C. 8. 7

CAP. VIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Tide of Viscount Wellington shall descend, in consideration of his eminent Senriccs.

[21st March 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your most faithful Commons, has

W been pleased to declare, That Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Consideration the eminerst

Services rendered by Lieutenant General Arthur Lord Viscount Wellington, Knight of the most Honourable

Order of the Bath, in the brilliant and decisive Victory obtained by the Troops under his Command, against

afuperior French Force at Talavera, on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

nine, Your Majesty wasdefirous to confer some signal Mark of Your Royal Favour upon Lieutenant General

Lord Viscount Wellington, and the Two next fucoeeding Heirs on whom the Titles of Viscount Wellington9of Talavera, and of Wellington in the County of Somerset, and of Baron Douro of Wellesley in the said

County, shall descend, in order to enable them tosupport the Dignity of the Title conferred upon him, and for this Purpose to give and grant to him and to the Two- next succeeding Heirs Male, to whom the Titles of Viscount Wellington of Talavera and of Wellington in the County of Somerset, and of Baron Douro of Wei-9 Iffley in the said County shall descend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annvm \ but Your Majesty not having it in Your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of Your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to Your

faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant the fame, and of extending, securing and settling, such Annuity to the said Viscount Wellington, and to the Two next Persons on9whom the Title of Viscount Wellington of Talavera, and of Wellington in the County of Somerset, and of9Baron Douro of Wellesley in the said County, shall descend, in such Manner as should be thought most

effectual for the Benetit of the said Viscount Wellington and his Family : We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and

loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considerins Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and L be it enacted by the King'3 most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

One Annuity, or Yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be An Annuit? of

issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after a.ooooUper Ann#

paying or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former settled on Vif-

Ador Act of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall count Welling-

or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be t00'*

paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is

to (ay. To the said Viscount Wellington, for and during the natural Life of the said Viscount

Well tag ton, and from and after his Decease, unto the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the

Body of the said Viscount Wellington, on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Viscount Wellington

shall descend, for and during their natural Lives; which said Annuity, or Yearly Rent or Sum, Cummcocmeikt

shall commence and take Effect from the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine;

the First Payment to be computed from the said Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

nine, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thenceforth shall be* Payable quarter*

paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of April, the 1//

Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of January, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Annuity to be. Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Com- pwd at tht Ex-mi(boners of tbcTneafury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under without

their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the federal and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, at the respective quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained, in that Behalf.

III. And it»hereby further enacted, That after Ggning of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid Warrant forP«y-and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not he raent, ootdeter-4eterminabZe or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve !) or of any of mirable upon His Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Trea- ot

fury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them*or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Trea- Treasurytodo filter of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the neceslwyAft* l Exchequer,

A.D. 1810.

8

The Receipt of Viscount Wellington, Sec. a sufficient Discharge.

Annuity Tax free.

How the Annuity recovered.

How far Annuity may be aliened or ia-inhered.

47 0.3. SciT. 1. c. 22.

48 G. 3. C. 12.

a

49 G. 3. c. 10.

47 O. 3.Seff l. c 22. §8. as altered by 43 0, 3. c 12. continued till 25th March, 1811.

C. 8, 9. jjo* GEORGII III.

Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now' and for the tiipe being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, with* hut Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things, as are hereinbefore directed and reauired, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of the said Vifpount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf: and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall nefufe or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or "Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Viscount Wellington shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington on whom the said Title shall defeend, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two Thousand Pounds, shall be, and the fame is by this Act vetted in the said Viscount Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Viscount Wellington shall defeend; and the fame, or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered, by the said Viscount Wellington, or by either of the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, on whom the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate, or Time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or encumbering the fame, so as to prevent the fame from defeending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Viscount Wellington, to whom the said Title of Viscount Wellington shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven,

so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty on British

Plantation Raw Sugar exported.

[24th March l8lo.J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Am Alt to allow for Two Tears, from and after the passing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Double Refned Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other ReJined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crashed or broken;

and to allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows certain Bounties oil British Plantation Raw Sugar exported; 4 so much of the said first recited Act as related to the said Bounties upon Raw Sugars was further continued with certain. Alterations till the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nines And whereas the said Bounties were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue so much of an 4 A3 of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty upon Double ReJined Sugar exported, until the Twentyfifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar'exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and it is expedient that the said Bounties should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said first recited Act as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the said recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

"CAP.

III

50° GEORGII

C. 10, 11, 12.

Cap. x.

An Act for making perpetual certain of the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the First, for preventing the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs.

[24th March 1810.]

WHEREAS certain of the Provisions of the Act herein after mentioned have by Experience been

V\ found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be made perpetual* Be it therefore encted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Clauses in an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act agatnjl clandefine ru fining of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel or Boat 5 and also relating to Goods not reported and found after clearing Ships 5 and whereby further Remedies are provided against. relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom; and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons or under 5 and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported in Calks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gallons at the lead; and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts were further continued until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, several Laws relating to die Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries.

[24th March 1810.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it«W is expedient that the fame should be further continued 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, which was to be in force for Five Years, from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and also so much of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further en* couraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland and Southern iVbale Fisheries, as relates to the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis*s Streights } which, by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were amended and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of De- cember One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and which were by several subsequent Acts further continued; and by Two Acts passed in the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty were amended and further continued; and by Twa Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His prefen^ Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Mads, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty-free.

[24th March 1810.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it

W is expedient that the fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Mass, Tards and Bowsprits, or of Timber ft for NavaI Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Dutyfree; which said Act was, by an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; shall he and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of Alareh One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

jo Geo. III. C CAP

9

G.i. c. 11. 4-3.

ft 4.

ft 6. §7.

I 8-ft 10. ft a. ft 5.

made perpetual.

26 G 3. c. 41.

99 0. 3 C. 53.

ft*.

32 G. 3. c. 22.$1, rontimietl till 25th March, 1915,

46G.a. c ii

continued till 25th March, 1811.

48 0.3. c. 19.

IO

44G.0.C. 101.

47 ct. «. Self 1.

C. 30.

48 G. 0 c. 60. continued till 2Mh March, 1810.

Process for Exportation-of Cocoa* Produce of Br'.tiOt Colonies in America.

Admiralty may make Article* for Pu-nifltment of Mutiny, &c.

and ronfiitute Courts Martial.

Article of War traosmitted to Judges.

Proviso for P«r-fons haAily in-lifting.

C. 13, 14. 50 GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue art Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballad; and amend and continue an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Fitrijlerre> and Com to be imported from such Port, and from the Coad of Africa, info the said Colonies and Plantations, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, [24th March 1810.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued and One of them amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from toe Port of Nassau in the If and of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballajl; which said Act was, by an Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and ten> Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from fitch Port, and from the Coajl of Africa, into the said Co-Ionics and Plantations, shall be, and the fame is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to export Cocoa, the Growth or Produce of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from such Colonies or Plantations direct, to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in the like Ships and Vessels, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, a9 are prescribed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to Sugar and Coffee.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th March 1810.]

IV. AND be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour and Neglect of Duty, in any of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice 5 and to erect and constitute Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear and determine any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflict Punishments, by Sentence or Judgment, for the fame according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act 5 and all such Articles of War shall from time to time, as soon after the same shall have been established, as the fame can be done, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin, and into Scotland respectively.

LX. Providtd nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Marine or Marines in His Majesty's Service, he and they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such Enlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be enlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have enlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrateof any City or Town Corporate, retiding or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer of Royal Marines, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such Enlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons io enlisted shall bfe forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty four Hours, to return and.pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and,

ii

50° GEORGII III. C. 14.

be is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly enlisted; letting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively, (if known), and that the Second and Third Sections of the Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Twelfth Section of the said Articles of War, and also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Royal Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before a General Court Martial to be thereupon called, shall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that e\ery Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine who shall enlist any Recruit, shall, at the Time of such enlisting, inquire the Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give the same to the Nor.-commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate, upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non-commiuioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid, whea demanded, to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party, entitled thereto, demanding the fame,

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall receive the enlisting Money from any Officer (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Magistrate; or if any Person having received any such enlisting Money as aforesaid, shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party with which he enlisted, or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him, to go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under the Provisions of this Act within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Person shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Marine in His Majesty's Service, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; nor shall any such Person who shall not have remained with, or who shall not have returned to such Recruiting Party or Person enlisting him as aforesaid, be entitled to be discharged or be discharged by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid; unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace, that the true Name and Residence of the Person enlisted was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice wras given to the Person enlisted, or left at his last usual Place of Abode of his having so enlisted.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Commission Officer, Storekeeper or Commissary, or Deputy, or Assistaut Commissary, or other Person employed in the CommHTariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or for their Use, that shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Cloathing, Ammunition or other Military or Royal Marine Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the iarae by and before a General Court Martial, ami it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Person to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and be incapable of serving His Majestjr in any Office, Civil or Military, as any such Court shall think tit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Penon shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that such Person dial', in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expence the Loss and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such Court Martial, which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels of the Persons so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said Two hundred Pounds and such Damage; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and seized, then the Person so offending shall be committed to Prison, or the Common Gaol, there to remain (in addition to any other Punishment or Imprisonment) for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency, and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force within Great Britain, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, until the Twenty fifth day of Marc)) in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, from the First Day of /tpril Ope thousand eight hundred and ten, until the First Day of jlpril One thousand eight hundred apd eleven; and that this Afo far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and pro-

C 2 t tiding

[Proviso.]

Persons receiving Enliiiing Money.

Person* employed ie Commi ffariat Department embezzling Store* may lie tried by Conrt Martial,

T entity.

luiprisonment.

Continuance.

12 C. 14, 15. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Act may be al- viding for their Horses, may be altered and varied by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of u?red, &c. Parliament,

[This except the Clauses above infer ted) isTftmilar to 49 G.5. c. 19.]

Duty on Com Spirits, in lieu of former Duties.

Duly on Com Spirits under 48G.3 c. 78 §1. and on the Strength under 49G.U.C 73. §5. repealed*

Regulations of 43 G. 3. c. 78 §6, 9« &c. as to Allowance for Malt Duty repealed.

Drawback on Com Spirits caponed.

Duties on Spirits so be a Clurge on Distiller.

46 G. 3. c. 88. ami former A&a applied to this.

CAP. XV.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn \ to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof, to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of Licensed Distillers, and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland.

[6th April 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do, most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent' of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties following, that is to say: For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, which, at any Time from and after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be made or di(tilled in Ireland from Com malted or unmalted, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof; which said Duty shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties granted on such Spirits by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland; except such Duties as nave been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which l)uties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes by the Acts by which such Duties are or may be granted or imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Duty of Four Shillings British Currency upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn malted or unmalted, and also the Duty of Ten Shillings British Currency upon every Six Gallons of such Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, which were granted by airAft made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof and also the Duty on all such Spirits in proportion to the Strength <5f the fame under and by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties eri Spirits made or distilled in Ireland and upon British Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland not less than Two Gallons, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that all and every the Clauses, Provisions and Regulations in the said first recited Act contained, relating to the said Duty of Ten Shillings for every Six Gallons of such Spirits, and relating to any Allowance to any Distiller charged with the said Duty against the Amount of the said Duty, and in

Discharge of the fame, for or in respect of the Malt used and consumed in the making and diddling of such Spirits, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except only so far as relates to any Spirits which shall or may have been charged 01 chargeable with the said Duty at any Time before the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, every Person who shall export to any other Place than Great Britain, Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland, on which the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been paid, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of fudi Spirits of a Strength not less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback of Three Shillings and Four pence British Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence^r Gallon on Spirits made from Corn malted or unmalted, shall be charged on every Distiller in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or distilled by such Distiller, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, to be computed, ascertained and charged in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Directions and Provisions, as are contained in an Act made in the Forty fi th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the £olleft ion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the ware-housing of such Spirits for Exportation, and in this or any other Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year, and that all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provsions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of aecovering thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty fi th Year aforesaM, or in this or any other Act for amending the same, with respect to any Charges of Duty or any other Charges on any Distiller, and with respect to the warehousing of any Spirits, shall be applied and put in Practice in making Charges of Duty and other Charges on such Distiller in respect of the said Duties on Spirits under this Act, and with respect to the warehousing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Act, as fully and effectuafty to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisior.s, Penalties and Forfeitures, had been expretely repeated and enacted in this Act.

' V. And

A.D. 1810, 50° GEORGII III. C. 15.

V. And whereas farther Regulations are necessary for the Suppression Suppression of clandestine Distillation, and for the Encouragement of licensed Distillers iu Ireland, without any Preference in refnc& to the Size ojF

Stills which they may be licensed to use; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, so much of the said Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collision of the Duties an Spirits difiilled in Ireland, and the warehousing such Spirits for Exportation, as enadls that every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still the Body whereof shall contain Fifteen hundred Gallons or upwards, shall be allowed and paid a Bounty after the Rate of Sixteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by such Dilliller, and that every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still, the Body whereof shall contain One thousand Gallons, and shall not contain Fifteen hundred Gallons, shall be allowed and paid a Bounty after the Rate of Eight Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by such Distiller, and all and every Clause, Matter and Thing in the said recited Act, as to the Time or Manner of paying and allowing any such Bounty of Sixteen Pounds qr Eight Pounds respectively, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, except as to such Spirits as shall have been distilled at any Time before the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and from and after the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, no such Bounty shall be paid or allowed, except on such Spirits as aforesaid, any Thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons in Irelasid to keep and use from and after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, any One or more Still or Stills, the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be capable of containing any Number of Gallons not less than Forty four Gallons in any Place or Places whatever in Ireland where the said Commissioners or any Four of them shall think proper, whether such Place or Places shall be or shall not be within Five Miles of any Distillery House or Place wherein any Still of Five hundred Gallons or upwards shall at the Time be licensed to be kept or used; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[^47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 17. §13. 49 G. 93. $ 23 — 26.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Colfedion nf the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and of an -A^t made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland 5 and for the regulating the Sale af such Liquors by Retail, as ena&s that no Person or Persons shall be licensed to keep or use a Still of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, and a Still of less Size than Five hundred Gallons Content at one and the same Time, nor to keep or use Two Stills either of which shall be of a less Size than Five hundred Gallons Content at the same Time, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of March % One thousand eight hundred and ten, be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, .That whenever any Distiller in Ireland shall have Two or more Stills Hceofed at the same Time in his Distillery, every such Distillery shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced from the Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings with which every such Still or Stills shall by Law be chargeable according to the Contents of the fame. Tor and in respect of every such Still so long as the same shall remain in the Distillery of such Distiller, as if every such Still were constantly at work; and that whenever any Distiller having Two or more Stills in his DistiHeiy shall give Notice according to Law of his Intention to discontinue the working of either or any of such Stills, such Distiller shall, within Twenty four Hours after the Time when, according to such Notice, he ought to discontinue the working of such Still or Stills, cause the Works in which such Still or Stills was or were set, to be taken down, and shall displace and remove any and every such Still, and shall also displace and remove, dear out of the Worm-tub the Worm belonging to any and every such Still, and shall, within Forty eight Hours then next following, fend or convey any and every such Still and Stills, and the Heads and Worms respectively belonging thereto, to the Excise Office of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, unless the Officer in charge of such Distillery shall, pursuant to Order given to him by the Collector of the District, which Order he is hereby required to obey, strap down and fallen the Head of every such Still the working of which is so intended to be discontinued, by locking the fame, and locking the Door of the Furnace Grate, and flopping and locking the discharging Cock or Pipe of such Still; and whenever such Still or Stills shall be lent to the Excise Office in manner aforesaid, the same shall be there kept until any or every such Still or Stills refjpedively shall be re-delivered to such Distiller for the Purpose of being re-set and again worked according to Law in pursuance of any Notice or Notices to be duly given by such Distiller of his Intention to re-commence the working of such Still or Stills respectively according to Law, or until such Still , or Stills respectively shall be dispoied of to feme licensed Distiller, which it shall be lawful for the Proprietor of such Stm or Stills to do: Provided always, that in case any Distiller shall give Notice of discontinuing to work a StiU of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, it shall not be necessary for him to cause the Works in which such Still was set, to be taken down, nor to displace or remove any such Still, nor to displace or remove the Worm thereof out of the Worm-tub, nor to fend or convey the same to the Excise Office during the Continuance of his Licence, nor shall he be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for omitting so to do, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding, if the Officer of Excise attending his Distillery shall certify that by strapping down and fastening the Head cf every such Still he has effectualiv secured it from being used or worked, nor

2'(lull

*3

46 G. 3. c. 8. ^77- repealed.

What Stills Cominiffiotiera of Excise may license left than Gallons.

4; G a. Self. r. c.i7.§a.49G.tf. c. 99 S 26> repealed.

How Distiller having two or more Stills shall be charged.

Still dif ontinu-cd> frnt to Eadfa Office.

On Notice of discontinuing large Stills, Still, Kc. nerd not b* removed.

T4

C. 15.

5a0 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Licen-cs for.Stills pramrd under Kegula-tions of 46 0. 3. r. hs.

fn what C^fc Com 'uitTinnrr* jnay refuse or revoke Licences.

46 G. 3.C. 68.

§ 10.

flow Duties calculated.

shall he be charged with or chargeable for any Quantity of Spirits in respect of any Still during the Time it shall be so (trapped down, displaced or removed, auy Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to any Person or Persons to keep and life any Still or Stills, which shall be obtained after the passing of this Act, shall be signed by Four of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes; and that every such Licence shall and may be granted to continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September Two Years next after the Date of such Licence, in case the Person requiring such Licence shall desire the fame; and in such Case the Period of the Continuance of such Licence shall be specified and expressed in such Licence accordingly, in the following Terms: "This Licence to remain in full " Force until tke Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and in Head of the Words " next ensuing the Date hereof, M as now required by Law; and every such Licence shall in all other Respects be granted in like Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or by any Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act, with respect to Stills allowed to be licensed, except only so far as the said Acts, or any of them, are altered or repealed by this present Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Treasurer, to refuse to grant any such Licence; and that it shall be lawful for fi^ch Commissioners to withdraw any such Licence in like Manner and for the like Causes as the said Commissioners are empowered to refuse or withdraw any Licence from any Still under the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to withdraw any such Licence in case the Still or Stills for which such Licence shall be granted shall not be worked or tiled for the Space of Six Months or more in the Course of any One Year, beginning on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and ending 6n the Twenty ninth Day of September following.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, set forth in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the Schedule thereto annexed, in respect to Stills under One hundred and fifty Gallons Content, for the Quantity of Spirits produceable where from respectively, any Distiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of any such Still, every such Distiller shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days which any Still whatever of such Difiiller, under One hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Forty four Gallons Content, shall continue, or shall be presumed to continue, working under the Regulations of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or of this Act, or any other Act for amending the same, be charged with and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates specified in the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year, and this Act, or any other Act for amending the said Act of the Forty sixth Year) from Two hundred Charges of Low Wines or Singlings for every such Still, whatever the Content of any such Still may be, between One hundred and fifty Gallons and Forty four Gallons; and that every Distiller shall, over and above the Quantity of Spirits produceable as aforesaid, also be charged with and pay Duty in respect of each and every such Still, whatever may be the Content thereof, for as much more Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates specified as aforesaid) from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil in every such Still within every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days* over and above such Quantity so produceable as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under

One thousand Gallons Content, shall iufert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the Collector, Surveyor and Gauger, before he commences or recommences to work a Still, or shall give Notice in like manner Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, that he proposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession during the next succeeding Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days with Turf only, not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller shall, for every complete Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid) from Three fourths only of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable; and also the Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the said Rates from all Pot Ale, Walh, Singlings or Low Wines, which such Distiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day8, over and above the Quantity produceable from such reduced Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Still in the Possession of any Distiller, shall at any Time during any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in which the Distiller shall have given Notice of working a Still or Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, charred Turf, or other Fuel than Turf not charred, all and every Still or Stills in the Possession of such Distiller, not (trapped down, taken down, or displaced in manner herein provided, shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Whole of the said Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Distiller in whose Distillery such Coal, Coke, charred Turf or other Fuel, shall be so used, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Officer of Excise keeping on calculated jngan Account of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, produced in any Distillery from Com malted Produce of Spi- or unmalte^ shall, in all Cafe6, charge the Distiller, upon any Decrease of Walh or Pot Ale, fora Quantity of \Vdh?or from Sp*rit0> calculated after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of such Walh or Pot Ale

Singlings. so

liarge on all Spirits a&nally iliilillecL

In whatCafePif-tilleis !iJ>lc to <t>-ltlis only of* Monthly Charges, See.

Still worked with ( t al liable to full Charges.

[Penalty.]

Mode of char;

So' GEORGII III. C. 15.

so decmfed, and upon any Decrease of any Low Wines or Siblings produced from any such Wash or Pot AW, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings so decreased, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings respectively; and such Officer shall make a Return of the Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions as are contained in the said Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and frearing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits disiilled in Ireland, and the nvarehoufing of such Spirits for Exportation as amended by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force, immediately alter the passing of this Act.

XV. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is, among other Things, cnadied, that it shall be lawful for any Distiller in Ireland to warehouse his Spirits for Exportation, without Payment of Duty, in any of His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the Ports in the said Act mentioned and specified, or at ahy other Port in Ireland in which, or in the Diilridi in which such Port shall be situated, any Still of not less than Five hundred Gallons Content shall be licensed Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for every Distiller in Ireland to warehouse his Spirits for Exportation without Payment, of Duty, in any of His Majesty's Warehouses at any P^rt in Ireland whatever, in which, or in the District wherein such Port shall be situate, any Still of any Content whatever shall be licensed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Regulations contained in the said recited Act and in this Act, or any other Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever Application shall be made to the Commissionfcts of Inland

Excise and Taxes for a Licence to use or keep any Still or Stills in any Place being more than Ten Miles dif-tant from the Seat of the Collection of Excise of the District in which such Place shall be situate, it shall be lawful for the said Commissionera, before granting such Licence, to require and take from the Person or Persons applying for the fame, in lieu of the Security now required by Law, a Bond, with Two sufficient Sureties, in a Penalty not exceeding the Amount of One Month's Charge of Duty in respect of the Still or Stills to be licensed, conditioned for the Monthly Payment of all such Duties as shall be chargeable by Law on such Distiller, for the Duties on Spirits or Strong Watere diddled by such Distiller, or with which such Distiller shall be charged under or by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts in force relating to such Duties, and that whenever any such Bond shall be Co given, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from time to time, todireft that the Duties payable by such Distiller shall and may be received and required from and paid by such Distiller during the Period which shall be mentioned in such Direjftion, Monthly, that is to say, within Six Days after the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, for which such Distiller shall be chargeable with such Duties, and that no Information shall be filed or prosecuted agninlt any such Distiller for any Penalty to which such Distiller may have become liable by Law for not having made any Weekly Entry of the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is chargeable with Duty, or for not having paid such Duties Weekly during such Period: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt such Distiller from such Penalty if incurred, unless such Order shall be especially made by the said Commissioners, from time to time, under the Provisions of this Act, nor unlcU such Distiller shall have paid all Duties for which such Distiller shall be charged or chargeable for the Month in which any such Penalty may have been incurred. \JSee further 44 G. 3. c. 88. } 7. 66, 67.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any DiililW shall have paid for any Spirits made or distilled by or charged upon such Distiller between the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten and the Day of the passing of this Act, a higher Duty than after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon, British Currency, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and they are hereby required to repay, upon Demand, unto every such Distiller the Excels of such higher Duty beyond the said Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That until the Commencement of the Summer Affixes which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at the Assizes for any County or County of a City or Town in Ireland, or at any presenting Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parish, Town-land, Manor or Lord ship, in any Sum of Money or Penalty on any Information which shall be given to any Justice of the Peace at any Time after the passing of this Act, for any Offeree against any Act in Force in Ireland for the regulating and collecting the Duties on Spirits by the having, keeping or using any unlicensed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utensil for dStilling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to Law, any Tiling in an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Col-L\lion oj the Duties on Spirits disiilled in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland to the coib-trary r.otwith(landing.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the several Duties by this Act granted, the ftecessary Charges for collecting and paying the fame being deducted, shall be carried to and made P&rt of the Coufol Jated Fund of Ireland.

XX. And be it further enacted, That The several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed, and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid tod allowed, sued for, recovered and applied, in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities,

£ and

*5

45 G. 3. e. sa.

46 G. 3. C. es. S 9il.

Spirits may he trarehnulVd in Port irlure Sail* Ilceufed.

Stills more than J 0 Miles dtHniit from Excise Office.

Security for Payment of Duty.

Information.

[Proviso.]

Allows nee on

Spirits, charged after 5th Marct 1810.

In what Case until Summer Assizes, lfti'2, Court ftiail nof finefowu Lands*. Stc.

47 G.a.Sess. c. 17.

Con foil dated. Fund.

Duties, Drawbacks and Penalties, hew vied.

14 & 15 Car. 2. c. 8.

4G G. 3. C. 106.

14 & 13 Car. 2. c. 8.

Act may be altered.

41 G.3. ^U.K.) c. 36. §1-5.

continued till23t|i March, 1*11, Str.

47 c. 3. SefiT. 1. c J9.

continued till March 2.'>, l 811, except allowing Sugnrtf) be warehouse! in Ireland, Sec.

Act mavbeal-

t-'ixl,c.

C. 15, 16, 17. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed, ^or raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling the Excise or New Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the fevered Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Cuiloms and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Year of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be i ltered, amended or repealed by any Act or Act* to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty-free, of Corn and other Provisions.

[6th April

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it 4 W is expedient that the fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time, so as J'uch Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of Six IVeeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, ana of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit for such limited Time the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever % without Payment of Duty; and for in-demnifying such Persons as have aQedfor the Service of the Public, in advising and carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, as enables the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to prohibit the Exportation from Ireland of Com or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit the Importation into Ireland, of Com and Fish and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty 5 which by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, was continued, and is in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, except so far as respect* the Exportation of Corn, Grain or Flour, to Great Britain.

CAP. 'XVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[6th April 1810.]

WHEREAS the Act herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is , expedient that the fame should be further continued m manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and tight; and which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, except only so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, and which, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the last Session, is directed to be ware-heufed under the Provisions of an Act made, in the Forty eighth Year of Hisptefent Majesty's Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Act hereby continued, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. 18. 17

CAP. XVIII.

An Act For the further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain 5 and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

[6th April 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dif- 4a G. a. c. 11.

V\ continuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for al/owing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four; And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled. An

4 A3 to amend Two A3s passed in the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty for regulating the 45 G. a r. ga.

Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain: And whereas Three other Acts paded in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh, and Forty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for further continuing the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day 49 G. a. c. 11.

4 of March One thousand eight hundred and ten* certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar

from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties ini

fiofed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended And whereas an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Du- 49 G. 3. c. os.

ties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the Drawbacks allowed by the said last recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the Bounties allowed by the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

mndby the Authority of the same, That the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to the said last recited Act of Drawbacks in

the Forty ninth Year aforesaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Forty

fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be respectively paid and allowed in like manner sriu\luk*Yo*

in every Refjx-ft, and subject to and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and 45 g. i. c. an.

Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as the said Drawbacks and Bounties were re- paid a* hereto-

spectively paid or allowed before the passing of this Act. lore, &.<.

II. And be it further enacted, That if on the Fifth Day of May* or on the Fifth Day of September One inwhatCafe

thousand eight hundred and ten, or on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, re- Drawback* al-

spectively, or any or either of the said Days, it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette in Manner directed lowed, by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and fer permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships* that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said recited Act for the preceding Quarter of the Year, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then, and in every such Case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recited Acts, passed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average shall be given in the London Gazette* and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like Manner in every Respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, R»*ftric-tions. Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties wei» paid or allowed before the patting of the said first recited Act, (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid), and the Whole of the Duty granted by an Act passed in the Forty first

Year of the Reignof His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Cufi 49 o a c'oh

toms on Timber* Sugar, Raisins and Pepper* imported into, and on Lead exported from Great Britain, upon 41 G. J. (IMv.)

Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies c. ts. J ab. A

and warehoused according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company after the Thirtieth Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and one, shall upon the Delivery thereof out of Warehouse for Exportation during the Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act in respect of British Plantation

Sugar, be wholly drawn back under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any

former Drawbacks are paid and allowed; any Thing in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, a6q^c

An Act for granting to His Majesty* during the present War and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace* additional Duties on certain Goods, fTares and Merchandize,

imported into and exportedfrotn % or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are autlio-

riaed to fufjpend the Payment of the Additional DiUies of Customs on Sugar granted by the said recited Act, §10.

either in the Whole or in part, whenever the Average Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by Law shall be below the Prices mentioned in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that during the Period of such Suspension the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain and the equivalent Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other thaw 50 Geo. III. D 'to

A.D. 1810.

18

In what Case Treasury may suspend countervailing Duties, &. c.

Continuance of 43 G. 3. c. 11.

99 G. 3.C. 87.

continued till March 35, 1811, exce)>t so far as respects the Exportation of Com, &c. to Ireland.

45 G. 3 c. 10.

*1.

Superintendants at Forts bow to be appointed.

C.i8 — 21. 50° GEORGII III.

to Ireland, imposedind allowed by the said last recited Act, should in like Manner be suspended Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer or the Lord* Commissionera of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall exercise the Power vested in them, and shall, according to the Directions of the said Act, suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required, in like Manner, and for the like Period, to suspend either the whole of the additional countervailing Duties of Customs on refined Sugar of the Manufsfture of Ireland, imported from thence intp Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things in the Uid Act contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and shall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven for the Port of London, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven for other Pans of Great Britain; and that this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

CAP. XIX.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty.

[6th April 1810.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, to continue in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; which was continued by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, and amended and further continued by several subsequent Acts, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, be and the fame is hereby further continued, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, except so far as respects the Exportation o( Corn, Grain or Flour to Ireland.

CAP. XX.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Power of appointing Superintendants of Quarantine and their Assistants.

[6th April 181 .J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making further Provision for the effectual Performance of Quarantine, certain Powers and Authorities are given to the Superintendants of Quarantine or their Assistants, and Power is given to the Commissioners of the Treasury to appoint Officers at Chetney Hill, when the Lazaret there mall be completed; but no express Provision is made for the Appointment of such Superintendants and Assistants at the several Ports; and it is expedient to remove all Doubts as to such Appointments; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Superintendants of Quarantine at the several Ports and their Assistants shall and may be appointed by any Instruments, signed by Four of the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, and lealed with the Seal of their Office.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for amending and continuing so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

[6th April 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that, for a limited Time, the Trade carried on in Foreign Vessels by virtue £ 4 of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to confo-

45 57*Hdate and extend the several Laws now in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain

Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, should not be rest rifted to Vessels having only One Deck Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and

A.D. 1810. 5o° GEORGII III. C. 21, 22, 23.

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act. and nntil' the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful to import and export the Article* in the said Act mentioned, at the Ports therein mentioned, under the Rules and Regulations of the said Act, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel, as therein described, although such Sloop, Schooner, or Vessd shall have more than One Deck; any Thing in the said Act to the coatraiy notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to purchase certain Quays within the Port of London.

[6th dpril 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4 \ V an Act to authorise the Advancement of further Sums o f Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayors Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to emp.nver the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Lege I Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London, and for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase SomerV and Lyon\f Quays in the said Port: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An /Ift to give further Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London: And whereas it is expedient that the Powers, Authorities and Provisions, in the said Acts contained, for purchasing Legal Quays, should be revived and further continued and extended: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein mentioned and containtd, relating to the purchasing of Legal Quays Warehouses, Buildings or other Works, or obtaining Poflifflion thereof, shall be, amf are by this Act revived, and shall be applied and extended, and shall operate and be in force, for the Purpose of enabling the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to make and complete Purchases of any Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or Works, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or other Premises situate adjoining thereto, which the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, may deem it necessary or expedient or proper to purchase at an/ time within Two Years after the passing of this A A, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Provisions Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, who may hereafter become the Owners, Lessees or Occupiers of any such Legal Quays, shall not be compelled to part with their Estate and Interest therein, unless Twelve Months previous Notice in Writing shall have been given to the said Company, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, of their Intention so to purchase the said Estate and Interest in such Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, and other Works aforesaid; and for the Purposes aforesaid, all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties Forfeitures Matters and Things, in the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, relating to any such Legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings, or other Works, or the purchasing thereof, or in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, therein referred to, authorizing and empowering Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or bole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or other Persons having qualified or partial Estates or Interests, or Husbands, Femes Coverts, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charities or other Purposes, Committees Executors, or Administrators, or any other Persons whatever under any Incapacities 01 Inabilities on Behalf of themselves or others, to treat and to compel any such Corporations or Persons to treat and agree for the Sale of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Premises, or in any wise relating thereto, or for a/ceruining the Value of any such Premises, in case of any Refusal or Inability to treat, or for completing any such Purchases, or obtaining Possession of any such Premises, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall, as far as the same are applicable, or can be applied, extern! and be construed to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in force in respect to this Act, lor the Purposes of enabling the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to complete the Purchases of the said Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or Works aforesaid, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings, or other Premises adjoining thereto, as fully and effectually to all It.tents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

[6th April 181s.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdofti, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills, now outstanding, to the Amount of Eight Millions Sterling, have resolved, that all Persons in-

D a tcrested

19

Vessel* having more than owe Deck.

43 G. 3. c.cxxiv.

46 G.O. C. 118.

47 G. 3. Self. tt. c. 60.

Treasury may make Purclwfea of Quays, &c.

Notice to Owners, Sec. of Quay?, &c. of Purchase.

30 & 40 G. 3. c. atvu.

A.D. 1810.

In wh»t Cofe Holdrr* of Exchequer Bills to receive Certificates.

Amount of Fx-chrquer Fill# exchanged.

EJccItcquerOflice to cancel Kxche*

quer Bills.

Certificates to entitle to certain Annuities payable at tit© Tbr.es herein mentioned.

Foreign attack-mtr.t.

Annuities payable out ct Con-foliJated Fund,

Certificates assignable before August 1, 2810.

Bank on receiving Certificates to give Credit for Capital Sicck,

C. 23. 50" GEORGII III.

terested in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills* should be entitled in respect of the Principal Sums Contained therein* to such Capital Stock in Annuities as are herein after mentioned, subject to the Provisions of this Act; Wc, Your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly bcleech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person intcreded in or intitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the Twentieth Day of February Oncthousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, bearing Interest at the Rate of Three pence halfpenny per Centum per Diem, who shall, between the Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, both inclusive, have carried the same to the Office of the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, and every Person intereded in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated as aforesaid bearing Interest at the Rate of Three pence Farthing per Centum per Diem, who shall between the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, both inclusive, have carried the same to the said Office, unless the said Principal Sum of Eight Millions Sterling shall have been sooner subscribed at the said Office, in such Exchequer Bills, shall be respectively paid the Interest that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, in Money, as foorr after the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, as can conveniently be done, and shall have in exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Paymaster?, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of O ne hundred and three Pounds Five Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, for each One hundred Pounds contained in such last mentioned Certificates, and so in proportion for any greater Sum; and that all Persons intereded in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, by having delivered the fame between the respective Days aforesaid, into the said Office of Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms; which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the Times and in the Manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall not exceed the Sum of Eight Millions Sterling.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers, at the Office of the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or shall be possessed of, intereded in, or entitled unto any such Exchequer Bills, all the said Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Eight Millions Sterling, as aforesaid, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, between the respective Days aforesaid, have delivered to such Officer or Officers; and the said Paymaders of Exchc* quer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Intered that shall have become due thereupon to the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, and to make forth and sign the Certificates herein directed to be made out, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in the said Bills, and to deliver the same to the Parties entitled thereto, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be done; and the said Paymaders of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of such Certificates.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and ever}' Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have delivered any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, upon producing such Certificates as are here* by directed to be made forth by the said Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the Principal Sums contained in such Bill or Bills, shall, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained therein, and foin proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities, hereinbefore mentioned, which shall be in lieu of such Exchequer Bills; and the Annuities thereon shall be payable half yearly at the Bank of England, on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in every Year; the First Payment to become due on the Fifth Day of July Oncthousand eight hundred and ten, and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her and their Administrators, Successors and Af-(igns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, shall have goodr (ure, absolute and indefeasible Estate and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof, in the manner herein directed; and shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities shall be charged and chargeable upon and paya* ble out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Act of Parliament; and shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Certificates as shall be delivered in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon, made at any Time before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, and no longer, and no such Certificate or Alignment thereupon shall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he apd they 29 and are hereby respectively authorised and required to take in and receive all and every

of

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. 21

the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, in re-(pedl of every Sum of One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates (o brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books, to be prepared for that Purpose, for the Capital Stock hereinbefore mentioned, in the said Annuities of Five Pounds her Centum per jinnum, and the Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whose Credit such Capital Stock shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose; and the said Governor and Company for the time being shall also, on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books first hereinbefore mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for even

VII. And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall from time to time appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office, in the City of I, ?nden, to be their Chief or first Cashier or Cashiers, and One other Person or Persons within the same Office to he their Accountant General, and that so much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Act made applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by the Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for the time beings by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities, and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers re. lating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies converted into Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per ifnnum, by virtue of this Act, or intended so to be, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the farfie time, and in like manner as the Annuities carrying an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per /Innum, established by the Acts of the Twenty fourth, Twenty fifth, Thirty fourth. Thirty fifth, Thirty sixth, Thirty seventh, Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, Ordnance Debentusfs and Exchequer Bills, and that all and every Person or Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he, she or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, shall be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall conilantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the time being, within the City of London, a Book or Books wherein all Assignmenta or Transfers of the said Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the fame, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered, which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words forihat Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his* her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two cr, more credible Witnesses, and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Capital or Jpint Stock, and the Annuities attending the fame* or anj Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law, and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the fame by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until lomitehof the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share or Interest, be entered in the said Office; and that in default of such Transfer or Devise as aforesaid^ such Share, Estate or Interest shall go to the Execntors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or pro-

cure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificate directed to be made out by this Act, or any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure or Word, in any such Certificate, or in any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or utter or publishas true any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, or Assignment or Alignments thereof, or Indorsement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Penoo cr Persons whomsoever, every nich Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering*uttering

Stock may I. transferred.

Exchequer so ifme Money to flank lor Payment of Audu*-tie».

Accountant f!e-nerd to examine Cashier's Accounts.

Money converted into Five per O nt. Annuiiic* to lie added to Joint "took of Five per Out. al rcaily eftaUliih^ ed.

Mode of transc fculq£ Stock*

froviso*

Caanterfc hing

Certificates,

Death*

Bank to continue a Corporation for the Pur)K>fe of this AtfL

Taking Fca.

[Penalty.]

Bank to receive a Compensation for their Servires.

[General Issue.]

Treble CoAs.

49 C. 3. c. 53. §6.

Deputy Lieutenants to apportion the Men nifed by Beat of Drum and Men raised by Ballot.

C. 23, 24. 5-0° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

uttering or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fufter Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid, and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee or Gratuity contrary to this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered, with full Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall beany ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the fame, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper, for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiem of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities made payable by this Act, and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the said /iccountant General of the said Governor and Company for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Ufeand Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pafsforthe Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded agaiuff such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[See post, c. 36.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for completing the Militia of Great Britain, and to make further Provision for completing the said Militia. f 18th^pr/7i8io.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, W yIn sift for completing the Militia of Great Britain, Provision is made for placing the Men which shall be raised by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia, to fill up Vacancies occasioned by Men having enlisted into the Line, in the Order and Succession to be fixed by Ballot in the Form prescribed by the said recited Act; and Provision is also made for apportioning, before any Ballot shall take place, the Men actually enrolled and so entered as aforesaid, and the Deficiencies to be supplied; but no Provision is made by the said Act for placing the Men which shall be raised by Beat of Drum over and above any Number which may have enlisted into the Line May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Places in England and Sco laud respectively, and they are hereby required at any General Meetings which shall be held, relating to the Regular Militia, or which shall be assembled, and which General Meetings are hereby required to be assembled in case it shall be necessary, to apportion and distribute any such Excess of Men raised by Beat of Drum over and above the Number of Vacancies occasioned by enlisting into the Line, and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to alter, from time to time, any such Apportionments, and make n#w and further Apportionments or Distributions, and place any Men so apportioned or distributed or applied as aforesaid to any other Parishes, in case it shall appear to be necessary for the making a just Distribution of the Men so raised by Beat of Drum as aforesaid; and all such Apportionments and Distributions shall be made among the several Parishes either by Ballot and entering upon Lists of the Names of the Parishes or otherwise, and in any such Manner as shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants at any such Meeting most effectually to produce an equal and just Distribution of the Men raised by Beat of Drum among the Parishes, and Apportionment of MLen to be raised by Ballot under the said Act; and the Men entered and placed to any Parishes under any such Distribution or Apportionment shall thenceforth be deemed to belong to such Parishes, as to Relief of the Families of such Men, or thereafter supplying of any Vacancies, in like Manner as if such Men had been provided as Substitutes or Volunteers for such Parishes respectively.

A.D. 181 o

23

50' GEORGII III. C. 24, 25.

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, in relation to the enlisting of Soldiers for His Majesty's Service apply to the enlisting of Men by

Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia* Be it therefore enacted, That all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the enlisting any Men for His Majesty's Army, shall, as far as the fame can be made applicable to the Men enlisted far the Regular Militia, be applied and nfed, and put in full force by all Justices of the Peace and others, and all Persons authorized to raiie Men by Beat of Drum for the Militia, and preventing Frauds and absconding by Persons enlisted, and for the Protection of Persons havirg hallily enlisted, as fully and effectually as if all such Provisions were repeated and re-enacted as to the raising Men by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia.

III. And be it further enacted, That Families of all Persons raised by Beat of Drum and enrolled in the Regular Militia, if entitled to Relief, shall be relieved by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes where they reside at the time of the Man enlisting into the Militia, and such Parishes shall be repaid the Amount of such Relief by the Parish to which such Man shall he placed, in like Manner as any Sum given for the Relief of Families of Militia Men are repaid to Parishes having advanced the fame under any Act relating to the Militia.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions contained in any Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny or Desertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the enlisting of Apprentices and the claiming Apprentices by their Mailers, and the Punishment of any Apprentices, and their Liability to Service after the Expiration of the Indentures, and all other Provisions in any such Act in relation to Apprentices or their Mailers, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend or be construed to extend to all Apprentices who shall enlist or enrol themselves as Substitutes or Volunteers in the Regular Militia, and to the Matters of such Apprentices, as fully and effectually as if the fame were severally ana separately repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain.

[18th April 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act pa^ed in the Forty eighth Ye2r of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions,

for the Defence of the Realm; And whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend several Acts passed in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia .'And whereas it is expedient that further Provisions should be made in relation to the Local Militia established by the said recited Adis* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case in which His Majesty, by His Secretary of State or otherwise, shall have ordered and directed, or shall hereafter order and direct, that the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia allowed to remain on permanent Pay, shall be reduced in any Proportion below the Number allowed by the several Acts relating to the Local Militia of England and Scotland respectively, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Lieutenant, in case the Lieutenant shall be absent, and of His Majesty's Secretary of State, to agree with the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any of them, or with any other Persons willing to engage to serve as such, to serve as Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers upon any reduced Pay, during the Periods of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, in such Manner as to the Number of Days' Pay to be allowed, or the Reduction of any Proportion of the Pay per Diem, as shall be authorized by the Secretary of State in that Behalf; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to serve as such upon any such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace of the County, or Magistrate of the Place to the Local Militia of which he shall belong; which Oath every such Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, is hereby authorized to administer; (that is to say),

4 1 A.B. do engage to serve as a [Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer as the Case may bej in the Local Militia of until I shall be duly discharged, upon the Terms of receiving

daring such Periods as such Local Militia shall not be embodied of assembled for Exercise/

And every such Oath shall be reduced to Writing, and signed and attested by the Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate administering the fame, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Bdtfsdioa or Corps, to which the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof shall,

3

Provisions in MutinyA&sas to enlisting to extend to raising Men by Beat of Drum lor Militia.

How Families of Persons raised by Beat of Drum shall be relict ed.

Provisions of Mutiny Acts relating to Apprentices to extend to Militia.

Act altered, See.

48 G. 3. C. 111.

49 G. 3. c. 40.

49G. 3. C. 130. 49 G. 3.C. 48.

49 G. 0. C. $2.

In case of Reduction of Ser jeants, &c. of Local Militia on permanent* Pay, Commandants of Corps may agree with Seijeauts, &c. to serve ob reduced Fay.

Oath.

A.D. 1810.

Offences may be tried hya Court Martial after tlif-embodying Re- -giment, 8tc. if committed prior dicreto.

Days of Muster'tnd hjtercife.

Depots forArms, Kic. in Scotland*

Colle^ors of the Cess to pay the Expence.

48 G. 3.C. 111. §48.

Suspension of Fines for Deficiencies.

C. 25. 50° GEORGII III.

if required, be green to the said Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer so engaging to serve on such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall be compellable to serve in the Local Militia for the full Period of his Services under the Acts relating to the Local Militia, in the same manner as if he had received the full Pay of his Rank therein, and shall be subject to the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall he then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and it shall be lawful for a iy Commanding Officer of Local Militia who shall engage any Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers to serve upon such reduced Pay, to retain such Number of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as shall be allowed by His Majesty's Secretary of State in that Behalf, so as that the whole Amount of such reduced Pay shall not exceed the Amount of the full Pay of the Number allowed in any such Order of Reduction as aforesaid 5 any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, or Private, in the Local Militia, can be tried or punished after the disembodying of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia to which he shall belong, or the Period of training and exercising of such Regiment shall have expired, or the same shall have been dismissed after the Suppression of any Riot or Tumult, for any Offence committed

against any Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion or Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, during the Period of such Regiment being embodied or assembled for training and Exercise or the

Suppression of Riots; and it is expedient that such Doubt should be removed : Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man of the Local Militia, who shall, during the Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, being embodied or assembled for training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, have been guifty of any Offence against any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made irf pursuance of any such Act, and shall have been put under Arrest for, or shall have been reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to have committed such Offence before the disembodying or Dismissal of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by any General or Regimental Court Martial, confiding of Officers of the Militia, and if found guilty may be punished for such Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man shall belong, shall not then be embodied or assembled, in like Manner as any Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or Private Man of the Regular Militia may be tried during the Period of the Regular Militia being embodied.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Numbci of Days of Attendance at Muller and Exercise of Volunteer Corps to entitle any Person serving in Volunteer Corps to Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia and the Local Militia, shall be Eighteen Days, or any such Number of Days not exceeding Eighteen, as shall from time to time be fixed by His Majesty by any Order of his Principal Secretary of State, instead of Twenty four Days, any Thing in an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to Volunteer Corps, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and the said Act and all Acts and Provisions in any Acts of Parliament relating to the Mustering and Exercising and Exemptions of Volunteer Corps, shall be contlrued, as to all Returns and Certificates of Commanding Officers of such Corps or others, as if the Number of Days specified had been Eighteen, or such Number as shall be so fixed as aforesaid instead of Twenty four; and such Number cf Eighteen Days or such other Number as aforesaid, shall in like manner be divided into Six Days, or Three equal Parts in each Four Months, instead of Eight Daye as is in the said Act provided, with such Provisions as to making good any Number of Days at different Periods, as is provided in relation to the Days of Exercise specified in the said Acts; and every Certificate shall specify the Number of Days of Exercise of the Person claiming the Benefit thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for providing proper Depots for the Arms, Cloathing and Accoutrements of the Regiments, Battalions, and Corps or Companies of Local Militia in Scotland, it shall be lawful for the Clerks of General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, at the Request of the Officer commanding any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps or Company, to draw upon the Collector of the Cess in each County respectively, for any Sum on account of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps or Company, not exceeding the Proportion of Ten Pounds Sterling for every Six hundred Men, in any One year, and which Sum shall be paid to the Commanding Officer requiring the Clerk to draw for the fame, and shall be by him applied in providing such Depot, and shall be regularly accounted for by the Production of Receipts for the Money expended in providing the said Depots, which Receipts shall be delivered to the Collector of the Cess, and shall be a Discharge to him in his Accounts, and shall be delivered by him as Cash to the Receiver General of the Cess Or Land Tax in Scotland*

4 V. And whereas sufficient Provision is not made in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid,

for procuring Returns of Deficiencies for the Purpose of having the fame supplied before the Fourteenth Day of February, as in the said Act mentioned; and it is therefore expedient that the Provision in the said Act contained in relation to the Fines by the said Act imposed for not supplying Deficiencies shall fee suspended Be it therefore further enacted, That as much of the said last recited Act as enacts, that a Fine of Fifteen Pounds shall be raised and paid in respect of every Man deficient on the Fourteenth Day of February, shall be and the fame is hereby suspended: Provided always, that every County, Hundred and Parish, shall be subject to the full Penalties by the said Act imposed and hereby suspended, in respect of every Man of any Regiment assembled for Training and Exercise, not joining during such Training and Exercise, and whose Vacancy shall not be supplied within Three Months after iheD iyof assembling of the Local Militia to which such Man shall have belonged, and such Proportion of such Fine shall be returned within the Periods of One and Two Months respect7 lively

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 25.

25

Constables to make Returns* and ascertain Deficiencies t#

tively after the Expiration of fucti Three Months* as are in the said Act specified in relation to Deficiencies {applied within certain Periods after the Fourteenth Day of February.

VI. Prorided always* and be it further enacted, That die Constables and other Officers of all Parishes and Places for which any Local Militia Man shall be serving* shall make diligent Enquiry at to all Men enrolled in the Local Militia, for the Parishea or Places for which they shall respectively be Constables, and shall, before the Fourteenth Day of November m each Year, return to die Clerk of the Subdtvision within which inch Parishe* or Places shall be, a true Account of all Persons serving for such Parish or Place in the Local Militia* foecifying such as shall have died or left their Residence, and whether the Persons not then redding iti such Parish or Place shall have wholly left such Parishor Place, or shall dill retain any House, Residence or Lodging* in such Parish or Place* and also the Place to which such Persons shall have gone as have changed their Residences* if the fame can be ascertained; and every Constable who shall neglect or refuse to make any such Return* or shall wilfully make any false Return, shall forfeit* fur every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds* to be recovered and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered under any AH relating to the Militia; sod all Deficiencies which shall by any such Returns be ascertained to have taken place, and shall have been returned to the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings of the Division or Place in which the same shall havearifeo* before the Fourteenth Day of November in any Year, shall be supplied before the Fourteenth Day of February next succeeding, under such Penalty for any Default therein as is.speci£ed in the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have received any Bounty in respect of being enrolled in the Local Militia who shall afterwards enlist, and who shall not declare his true Name and the Parish for which he is serving, foas to enable a DeduHion and Return and Repayment to be made in respect of such Bounty* and every Serjeant or Non-commissioned Officer who shall knowingly enlist any such Person and not deduH such Bounty, mall forfeit double the Amount of the Bounty so to be deduHed, to be (lopped out of the Pay of the Man so enlisting, or of such Serjeant or Non-commissioned Officer* in fitch Manner and in such Proportion, as the Commanding Officer of the Regiment into which such Man Avail enlist, and such Serjeant or Noa-cominH&oned Officer shall belong respectively, shall direH* so as that the same shall be stopt* and the whole of such Fine remitted and paid to the Agent General for the Local Militia* or to his Order, For the Use of the Parish entitled to the Return of Bounty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Local Militia Man enlisting or entering into the Army, Navy or Marines* or being enrolled as a Volunteer or Substitute in the embodied Militia* (tall declare tq the Person from whom he shall receive the Bounty upon such Enlisting, Entering or Inrolment* the Regiment of Local Milkia to which he belonged, and the Period at which he was enrolled therein* and for what Parish and in what County* he was serving* and the Amount of the Bounty (if any) which he received on beifi£ so enrolled in the Local Militia; and the Sum which shall have been paid to such Local Militia Man, upon his being enrolled in the Local Militia* shall be deduced from the Bounty to which such Man shall be entitled upon enlisting into His Majesty, s Regular Forces*, or into the Regular Militia* (as the case may be, ) and shall be paid* if such Person (half enlist into the Line* to the Pay mailer of the District into which such Man shall enlist, and accounted for to the Parish for which such Man was serving, and shall be repaid to such Parish under the Provisions of this Act; and the Name of the Person so enlisting, and the Regiment and County to which he belonged, and the Parish for which he was serving, and the Amount of the Bounty paid to the Paymaster of the District* shall be returned by the Officer commanding the Party with which such Man shall have enlilled* to the Agent Oeneral of the Local Militia* and shall be repaid to the Parish entitled thereto* in such manner* and under such Older* as shall be made by such Agent General in that Behalf.

IX. And whereas certain Persons have been enrolled for the Local Militia by Justices of the Peace, with- out any Deputy Lieutenant being present at such Enrolment* and itis expedient that such Enrolment should be made valid Be it therefore entiled* That the Enrolment of all such Persons who shall have been so enrolled before the passing of this Act* and shall have taken the Oaths* shall be deemed good, valid and effectual at if the fame had been made before any Deputy Lieutenant at any Meeting of Lieutenancy; and the said Justices are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame* and released and discharged from all AHions, Suits* Penalties and Forfeitures whatever* incurred by reason of having made any such Enrolments.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Qualification of Captains* Lieutenants and Ensigns shall be of the fame yearly Value, if Real Estate* or of the fame Amount in Value, if Personal Ellate, as the Qualification of Captains, Lieutenants and Ensigns respectively in the Regular Militia, for Cities and Towns being Counties of themselves; that is to say, For a Captain* an Estate of toe Yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and for a Lieutenant, an Estate of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds* or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and for an Ensign* an Estate of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds* or Perfbaal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Four hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted* Thai every Officer who shall have held any Commission in any Fencible Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be eligible and qualified to hold any Commission of the fame Rank in the Local Milkia* wkhout any other Qualification; any thing in any AH or AHa of Parliament relating to the Mililia to the contrary not wkh(bunding.

XII. And whereas Doubts have arifon at to the Apportioaments and Enrolments of for the Local

Militia which have been made for Parishes in which the Volunteer* actually fervigg have not been taken as

Part of the Number required by the said recited Act of thfc Forty eighth Year aforesaid for such Parishea for the Local Militia; and h is expedient that such Doubts (Would be removed. Be it therefore declared and enacted, That all such Apportmameats and Enrolments, and U AHa* Matters and Things done and made in pursuance thereof* fioll.be deemed good* aalld and rffcHutl in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; provided always, that in every such case all future Apportionments for the fopplvuig of any-vefi-

50 Geo. III. E cicncics

[Penalty.]

Receiving Bounty, and not declaring Name, &c.

[Penalty.]

Local Militia Mdn enlisting into the Army* 8tc. to declare the Rqpraeat.

Bounty, (by which fenriqg*

Indemnity tv m

Just ice* who have enrolled fot Local Militia without Deputy Lieutenant being present.

Qualification of Gaptaius, Lieu-tet ants and En-figm in Local Militia.

Officer* in Fencible Regiment*

48 G. 3. c. m. Certain Apportionment* and Etuolincnta valid.

A.D. 188io

Future Appar-iHiiupeots.

FrerUo Cor Friendly Socie-

tie*.

Apprentices.

Exemption by Non-enrolment.

Act altered, &c.

Duty on Exportation of plain Linen secured in Warehouse under 43 G. 3. c. 132. and

46 G.S*. c. 137.

4*6. t. c. 98.

Duties to be tintler Comniiffioner* of CuJf-tun4.

19 A 20 G. 3. (I.) c. 24.

36 G. 3. (I.) c. 37.

40G. 3. (I.) c. 17.

Continued till March 2 Mb, JbJl.

C. 25, 26, 27. S°° GEORGII III.

ciencies or Vacancies which may thereafter arise in any County or Division, or Part of any County or Parishes, in or for which any such Apportionments have been made, or Enrolments have taken place, shall have regard to the Volunteers actually serving in the several Divisions or Parts of the County, or in or for the several Parishes thereof, or Part of the Quota or Proportions of Local Militia of such Divisious, Parts pr Parishes.

XIII. And be it further enactfd, That no Member of any Friendly Society, serving or entering to serve in the Local Militia, shall by such Service be subject to any Fine or Penalty imposed by such Society for Non-attendance during the time of such Service; any thing.in any Rule or Bye-Law of such Society notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Apprentice, being a Member of any Volunteer Corps, to transfer himself into the Local Militia without the Consent of his Mailer.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have been ballotted, and also shall have paid

any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be exempt from being balloted to serve in the Regular Militia for the Period of Two Years from the Period of his having been ballotted to serve in the Local Militia. '

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered* Amended or repealed by any Act or Act* to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting a Duty on Foreign plain Linen taken out of Warehouse and exported to Foreign Parts.

[18th April i& 10.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that plain Linen of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth) imported into Great Britain, and secured in Warehouses according to Law without Payment of Duty, should on the Exportation thereof from any such Warehouse for Foreign Parts be charged with a Duty of Customs according to the Value thereof $' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, col-Iefted and paid uuto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Linen plain of all Sorts (except Soil Cloth) Which shall have been or may be so lodged and secured in any Warehouse in the Port of London, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, or in any Warehouse at any other Port of Great Britain, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Provifeons of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and for other Purposes, and which shall be exported from any such Warehouse for Foreign Parts, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Linen the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Value, to be ascertained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Exporters of such Linen, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations and R< ilriftions, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are made and provided for ascertaining, raising and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof..(a)' [This litle of 46 G. 3. c. 137. is not cor redly stated.-\

II. And be it ftirther enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for the, time being, and shall be appropriated and applied as the Duties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize charged according to the Value thereof, are directed to be appropriated and applied by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty.

as to Repayment of Duties on Foreign Linen warehoused in certain Cases, poll. c. 39.}

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, certain Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture.

[18th April 18 ro.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Session held in the*Nineteenth and Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act was continued, explained and amended; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten and it is expedient that the said Two first recited Acts should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by tl e King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Two first recited Acts shall be continued, and shall be in force from the said Twenty fifth Day of March* One thousand eight hundred and ten, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty oi>e, and no longer..\

3 CAP.

A.D. 1810.

500 GEORGII III. C. 28; 27

C A»P. XXVIII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers* [18 th May 1810 ]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Cap. 7. um.

4 \\ tion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters* certain Rates are established in

that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called England* the Dominion of Wales*

and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed* for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and au Option is given to such Innholders and others* to fumish certain Articles gratis* in lieu of Diet and Small Beer* at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Rules prescribed for fumiming Soldiers with Necessaries are, in many In (lances, become* from the high Price of Provisions,

inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be Alkmurctn furnished with Diet and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Non-Commis-Persons on whom f jh Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue fowd Officer*, of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the fame One Shilling and Four pence per Diem (a); and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the Hud

Act now in force touching the former Rates of Seven pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and Five pence per Diem for the Infantry. (a) [Eight Pence per Diem for a Dinner instead of the above Allowance, pofi % c. 96.

i >0

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non-com- and for Article* missioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by "hich have bee* virtue of the said Option in the said Act, turnifli such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles fumiffied gi^ therein metioned, in lieu of furoifliing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by this Act, such Innholders m llctt th€rcof* or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non-commissioned Officer and Soldier* instead of furoifliing the fame gratis* as required by the said Act; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like mauner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the For Hay an* aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall Straw for Hoviica be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be One Shilling and Two pence per Diemlwtere* for each Horse, in Head of Six pence per Diem as directed in the said Act.

IV. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of dieting Recited Aftia within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or pan repealed.

employed in Recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, have been productive of much Inconvenience, as well to the Troops, as the Innholders; Be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the manner of furoifliing Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed io recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive Dieting N*-their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons 011 whom they may be billetted, within the Commissioned aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, while on the March, as also on Officer* on and for the DaV of their Arrival at the Place of their final Defoliation, and on the Two subsequent Days, rrhreg«-unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such at Officers or Soldiers shall be billeted, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it shall and

may be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified; and at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

VI. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable by the said recited Act to have Soldiers Payjug Mowy billetted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non-commissioned Officer lieu of furmfliing or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furoifliing in Kind, the Diet and Small Beer, to which such Non-commissioned Diet, See. Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against

and fined in like manner as if he or (lie had refused to furnish or allow according to the Directions of the pCM]ty. fad noted Act, the foveral Things respectively directed to be furnished to Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted eta him or her as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall Hailing, entitle* be halted, either for m limited or indefinite Time, at any intermediate Place, the Non-commissioned Officers to Diet, '*u. and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on

whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Halting after Ar-Detachment, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not riv*l00 Market

E 2 intended D'; t

Rrcruitin

I'artics, Jfec.on March, Regulations.

Continuance.

A£fc aitesedy fee.

49 G. a.e. B4.

Grand Jury, &c. may allow Affidavits wirheut Statt mini required by recited Act j

and also Affidavits rcfjje&iHg temporary Repairs.

Overseers to enter in Affidavit Amount of Sums awarded for Damages for taking away Gravel, &c.

36 G.3. (I.)

c. $3.

C. 28, 29. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, shall halt for any longer time than One intire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to difeontiaue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, bo entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March; but no Recruit er.lifted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided aHb nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unlefe the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the Twenty fourth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and ten until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be ahered and varied by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

[Powers of this A9 extended to c. 96. post. fee §2. of that A9."]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Itish Road Act,.

Qi 8th May 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending the Iriftr

Road A9s, it was, among other Things, enacted, That from and after the End of the several Lent ' Assizes which shall be held in Ireland in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, no Affidavit for the

accounting for the Repairs of any Road shall be allowed by the Grand Jury or by the Court at any Affixes or

Presenting Term in or for any County or County of a City or Town in Ireland, unless it shall be specially stated

in such Affidavit that there is not on either Side of any Part of the Road specified in such Affidavit, any

Grip, Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other sufficient Defence between such Grip, Trench or Drain, and the Side of such Road: And whereas in many Parts of Ireland the Building of such Walls or other«sufficient Fences may be attended with great Expence Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p re lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, and the Court at any Assizes or October Session to be held'in Ireland, to allow any Affidavit for the accounting for the Repairs of any Road (not being a Road on which His Majesty's Mails are conveyed in Mail Coaches or Four-wheeled Carriages drawn by Two or more Horses) without its being stated, as is required by the said recited Act, that "there is not any Grip, Trench or Drain without a Wall or other sufficient Fence " between the fame and the Side of the Road, " provided that it appears that no former Grand Jury prefeoted a Sum for making such Wall or Fence: any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary not with Hand ing.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any new Line of Road shall have been surveyed, approved of, and presentedby any Grand Jury and Court at any Assizes, whereby any Mail Coach Road now in Use, or any Part of such Road shall be proposed to be avoided; it shall be lawful for the Grand Jary and the Court to allow any Affidavit for accoutring for the temporary Repair of the Part of such Mail Coach Road as is so to be avoided, although it shall not be specially stated i« any such Affidavit that thene is not on either Side of any Part of the Road specified in such A ffidavit, any Grip, Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other " sufficient Defence between such Grip, Trench or Drain, and the Side of such Road; " any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every Affidavit for accounting for any Presentment for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any Bridge, Arch, Gullet, Gaol, Session-house, Workhouse, Ho use of Correction. Pipe ov Wall, or for the making, repairing or preserving any Road or Footpaths, or for the making Drains in order to carry off any Water which might injure any Bridge, Gullet, Arch, Pipe, Wall or Road, the Overseer making the lame shall enter in the Account annexed thereto as an Item or Items composing Part of the Slim to be accounted for, the Amount of any Sum or Sums which may have been awarded for Damage* incurred by his having tdken away from the Grounds or Lands belonging to any Person any Stones, Gravel, Sand or Earth, for the Purpose of executing the Preferments which such Affidavits to account for the Expenditure of, pursuant to an Act passed in Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

A.D. 1810. s°° GEORGII III. C. 29, 30, 31. 29

for the Amendment of Public Roads, whether the^robable Expellee may or may not have been estimated previous to obtaining the Preferment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be passed in Act altered this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to regulate the Fees payable to Coroners in Ireland} upon holding Tnquisitions.

llSth May l8lo*l

WHEREAS Coroners in Ireland an? at considerable Expence «n holding Inquisitions, and are not sufficiently paid for the same; r He it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritnai and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County in Ireland, County of a City, and County of a Town, at each Affixes or Presenting Term, to present any Sum not exceeding Five Guineas for each and every Inquest which any Coroner of that County shall have held since thepre^edi ig Affixes or Presenting Term; to be paid to the Treasurer of such County, and by him to the Coroner who shall liavc held the fame, Proof being first made to the Satisfaction of the Gnind Jury of his having made due Return of such Inquestto said Affixes or Presenting Term: Provided always that the Money 10 be presented as aforesaid, at any one Affixes or Presenting Term shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Forty Guineas.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to Inquisitions held in Gaols in the County or County of the City of Dublin.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and Judges in Ireland.

[18th May 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4 W An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall; and also of the Lords of Seffton, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts in Westminster Hall, on the Resignation of their reffective' Offices: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty ninth and 1 Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend so much of the said in part recited Act, as

relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland: And whereas another Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further augmenting the

Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and of the Chief and Second Justice of Chester,

and Just ties of the Great Sf/ions in Wales: And whereas an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Maje^y, intituled, An Act for hereofng the Salaries of the Chief

Justices and ether Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Kings Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron,

and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom: And whereas it is expedient that a further Augmentation should be made in the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland; and also in the Salaries of the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland5' We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Dkcdleot Majesty, by and with the Ad'ice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts passed in the Thirty ninth and the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years and Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amounts of the Sums to be paid as Salaries respectively, to the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, and Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed*

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be tfiued, paid and applied, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, to the Judges in Scotland after mentioned, so much Money as will makeup their respective Salaries to the annual Sums herein after mentioned; videlicet. To the Lord President of the Court of Session, Four thousand three hundred Pounds; to each of the other Lords of Session, who is not Lord Justice Clerk* or a Lord Commissioner of Judiciary, Two thousand Pounds; to the Lord Justice Clerk t ow presiding in the second Divssion of the .Court of Session, Four thousand Pounds 5 to each of the Lords of Session, who are Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, Twft thousand six hundred Pounds; to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, Four thousand Pounds; and to each of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, Two thousand Pounds; which said Sums of Money, to be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid Quarterly, clear from all Taxes and Deduction* whatsoever (except the Duty chargeable by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War % and Mil the Sixth Day of April after the Ratification of

5 a Definitive

What Sum Grand Jury may pa&nt, for Inquest.

Gaols iu Dublin*

09 G. 3. c. 110.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 5$.

49 G. 3. c.

36 G. 0. (I*j c. 36.

Relating to'Amount of Salaries to I/>rds of Session, &c. repealed

Salaries toJudges of < ourt of Scfltouantl Hamm of Exchequer in Scotland.

46 G. 3. c. 65.

Additional Salaries to Judges in Ireland.

Commencement

efSaLiies.

Recited Act» extended to this

Aa.

Irish Acts.

limiting Nuttv-her of I'afllnger* repealed.

Number of Per-{ns conveyed by Stage Coaches, tie.

Children.

To be specified in Licence.

C. 31, 32. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

a Definitive Treaty of Peace further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property* Professions* Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty* for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty* for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property* Professions* Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Bailing of this Act, there shall be iiTued and paid, and applied, in every Year, out of the Taxes, Duties and Revenues which shall compose the Fund called The consolidated Fuhd of Ireland\ to each and every of the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and to each and every of the Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer, over and above the Sums now iiTued to the said Judges respectively, and in addition to the said Sums, and the Profits and Emolument! now received by the said Judges and Barons respectively, the Sum of Six hundred and fifty Pounds each; and that the said Sums of Money to be iiTued to the said Judges of Ireland shall be payable as the Salaries to the said Judges have heretofore been payable in Ireland and together with the other Parts of their Salaries; and shall be paid without any Deduction for Pells or Poundage, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the Payments respectively iiTued to the said several Judges in Scotland upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in Ireland on the Twenty fourth Dav of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and subsequent to that Period, there shall be iiTued to each of them respectively out of the said Duties and Revenues respectively chargeable with the Payment of their Salaries as aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as will make up each of such Payments respectively to the Sum and Sums to which each of the said Judges would have been entitled if this Act had paired at the same time with the above recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said several recited Acts, and all Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters and Things therein contained, (so far as the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered) shall be in force and applied to carry into Effect the 'Purposes of this Act.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of feverar Acts of the Parliament in Ireland so far as related to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages; for enacting other Limitations in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[24th May 1810.

WHEREAS the Number of Passengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Carriages plying 4 W for Hire in Ireland* have been limited upon certain Roads by several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland: And whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Acts as relates to the Limitation of Passengers, and the additional Tolls and Penalties which are thereby demandable and forfeited upon a greater Number being conveyed by such Stage Coaches or other Carnages than are specified in the aforesaid Acts; and to enact other Provisions and Regulations for carrying the aforesaid Objects into effect 5 and to regulate the Cotj- dud of the Owners and Drivers of such Carriages; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the several Acts of Parliament of Ireland» as relate to the Limitation of Passengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Four-wheeled Carriages,; also so much of said Acts as relates to the additional Tolls and Penalties which are thereby demandable and forfeited in case of a greater Number being conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Four-wheel Carriages than is specified by the aforesaid Acts, be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calaih, Chaise Marine, or other Carriage with Four or more Wheels, by what Name soever the fame is or shall hereafter he called or known, to be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland and drawn by Four or more Horses, shall be allowed to carry Six Inside and Ten OutGde Passengers, and no more, exclusive of the Coachman, but including the Guard (where there is a Guard with such Coach); and that One of such Passengers, and no more, shall be allowed to fit upon the Box with the Coachman, Three of such Passengers on the Front of the Roof, and the remaining Six behind in the manner the most safe and convenient for the said Passengers; and that all Stage Coaches or other Carriages above described, drawn by Two or Three Horses, shall be allowed Four Out side Passengers, and no more, exclusive of the Coachman; and that all Stage Coaches called Long Coaches or Double Bodied Coaches, shall be permitted to carry in all Sixteen Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachman, but including the Guard (where there is a Guard with such Coach) under such Fines or Penalties as i re by this Act imposed in Cases where more Passengers are carried than are allowed by this Act; Provided always, that no Child in the Lap or under Seven Y; ars of Age shall be included in or counted as oue of such Number.

III. And be it further enacted, that every Person who shall keep any Carriage to be employed as a public Stage Coach or other Carriage above described, for the Purpose of conveying Taflengers for Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, shall, in the Licence which he is hereby required to take out from the Commissioners of Stamps in the City of Dublin* specify the Number of Passengers to be carried in or about such Coach or other Carriage above described, and that no such Licence shall in any Case be granted for more than S*xtet 11 Inside and Outside Passengers in all, exclusive of the Coachman.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 32.

3l

Lugcsge carried 011 Top U* Coach.

[Penalty.]

Driven vnifcon* (hiding them-felvet to Palfen-gen, &x.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be duly licensed to keep any And to be Coach or othgr Carriage above described, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from diffe- painted on Door* rent Places in Ireland, shall, and he, she or they is and are respectively directed and required to paint or cause to ot &c* be painted, within Six Months from the passing of this A A, on the Outside of each Door of each such Coach

or other Carriage above described, or on iome other conspicuous Part thereof, in legible Characters of at leaf!

One Inch and a Half in length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the fame is painted, and in Words at length, the Number of Passengers which the Licence obtained* for such Carriages respectively shall specify or exprefa, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or Firm of the Company of Proprietors to whom such Coach or other Carriage shall belong 5 and if any Person or Persons shall employ or make use of any such Carriage as aforesaid, for carrying any Passengers foi Hire to and from different Places in Ireland, without being licensed so to do, or without having the said Words painted on the Outside of each Door of such Carriage, or in such other conspicuous Part thereof and in such manner as is hereinbefore directed; or if any Coachman or other Driver shall at any time carry more Passengers than shall be specified or expressed in the Licence for using such Coach or other Carriage, every Person so offending shall, for each and Penalty-every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the manner herein after specified by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, going or travelling for Hire, 'to carry or permit or suffer any Parcel or Parcels or Luggage whatever exceeding Two Feet in Height, to be conveyed on the Roof of any such Coach,

Mail Coach or other Carriage above described, drawn by Four or more Horses: and where Carnages-are drawn by Two or Three Horses, or are of the Description called Long Coaches or Double-bodied Coaches, then such Luggage not to exceed Eighteen Inches above the Roof; and every such Owner or Driver acting contrary thereto, and being convicted of such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, said Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner herein after specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, or the Person acting as Guard, shall by reason of Intoxication, Negligence, or other Mifeondud, endanger liis Passengers in theif Lives or their Property, or the Property of any other Person with which they may be entrusted, or shall loiter on the Road; or wilfully mispend or lose Time; or shall use abusive or insulting; Language to any Passengers; or shall demand or exact more than the Fare due from any Passenger; or (haS not in-all possible Cases travel at the Speed of such a Number of Miles an Hour as are fixed and expressed in and by the Time-bill carried with the fame, unless the Circumstances of the Weather or the Occurrence of any Accident to the Coach or Horses shall preterit the fame; then and in every such Case the Driver or Guard (as the case may be) of such Coach or other such Carriage, so offending-and being convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fite Pounds for every such Offence, over and above the Sum or Sums of Money so embezzled, penalty, and shall make Compensation for all Damage or Loss occasioned by their Misconduct; such Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner herein after specified 5 and in case or Non-payment every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, Town, Division or Place where inch Offence shall have been committed, or where such Offender is actually present, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Two Months nor less than Fifteen Days, at the Discretion of Imprisonment, the Justice or Justices by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach or other Carriage above described going or travelling for Hire, shall (at any Place or Places where Assistance can be procured), quit his Horses or the Box of such Coach or other Carriage above described, until a proper Person or Persons shall Hand at the Head of the Horses or Fore-horses, so as to prevent them from running away, such Person or Persons to remain at their Head until the Driver has returned to his Box: and if such Driver shall neglect to attend to the fame, he or they being duly convicted thereof, shall be subject to and forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, such Penalty to be recovered and applied in manner herein after specified $ and in case of Non-payment, every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of Imprisonment. the County, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, or where such Offender is aditafly present, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding One Month nor less than Fifteen Days at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted; Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Section or Clause contained shall extend1 or be con- Prorifo. ffrued toexteodto Hackney Coaches being drawn by Two Horses only.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Summons issued by any Justice of the Peace Commanding any Driver or Guard of any Coach or other Carriage above described, to appear before him at fitch Time or Place as to such Justice shall seem meet, for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be deemed good and fiifficienr Service in case the fame be left with the known or acting Book-keeper, or any other Person having the Care of anjMDffice where Places are usually taken or Parcels received for such Coach or other Carriage abote de-

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrant granted by any Justice of the Peace under this Act, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings: and in case rant*, the rerson so convicted doth not forthwith pay or secure to be paid the said Penalty, then it shall be lawful for Penalty, such Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, Town, Division or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not ex* Impiifotim*nt. crediiJg One Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

Drivers leaving Horses.

[Penalty.]

What good Service of Summon* for Driver.

ro

execute War-

32

JnjRirrs, Stc.

mi ga e Penalties.

Offences how to be tried.

Toll.

Form* of Proceedings.

flubiick a a.

C. 32. 50 GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer before whom any Person shall have been convicted for any Offence aeainst the Provisions of this A A, shall fee cause to mitigate any Penalty, every such Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer may mitigate or lefTen the lLne to any Sum not less than Half of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, over and above all reasonable Costs and Charges expended or incurred in the Prosecution; and that One Moiety of the Penalty so imposed, with the said Costs and Charges, shall be paid to the Informer, and tho ocher Moiety shall be paid either to the Clergyman of the Parish where such Offence is committed, or to the Clergyman of the Parish where such Justice reddes, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish; such Penalty to be recovered in manner herein after speciffed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against this Act shall and may be cognizable, and determined by and before any One or more Justice of the Peace, or before any Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer for any County, Shire, City, Borough or Town Corporate, or Place where any such Offeoce may happen to be committed, or where the Offender is actually preieut, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Wiirtels or Witnesses, or upon the voluntary Confession of the Party, which Oath every such Justice, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer is hereby required to adminider, and upon Proof of any such Offence to give Judgment or Sentence for the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred, and for the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Prosecution (such Penalty and Cods to be levied by Didress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or other Magistrate), or to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Shire, Borough* Town Corporate or Place, for such tineas is hereinbefore specified by the Provisions of this Act

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Coach or other Carriage above described, conveying Persons for Hire, shall be charged or compelled to pay at any Toll or Turnpike Gate any greater Toll than is paid by other Coaches or Carriages drawn by an equal Number of Horses, any thing in any Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the several Matters contained in this Act which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be used upon all Occasions, and with such Additions or Variations as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Circumstances of the Case \ and that no Objection shall be allowed to be made or Advantage taken on account of want of Form in any such Proceedings.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice ofs such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

[j/ to Erg land, post, c. 48.]

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

FORMS of PROCEEDINGS mentioned in the foregoing Ad.

INFORMATION.

it remembered, That on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

A.B. of fa the said County, informeth me One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, that X^here describe the Offence particularly, and

follow the Words of the A3 as near as may be] contrary to the Statute made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for (a) [here infort the Title of this Act] which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence. Received the JDay of by

me C.D.

(a) [See the Title, which begins il An Act to-"]

To A.B. of

SUMMONS for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice.

WHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County, et cetera, 1 That, et cetera, [here fate the Nature and Circumstancet of the Case, as far as it shall be necessary to Shew the Offence and to bring it within the Authority of the Justice, and in doing that follow the Words of the A3 as near as may A?] These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me, or such other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County, et cetera] on the Day of next, at the Hour of in the Noon, to answer the said

Complaint and Information; and further to do and receive what to the Law shall appertain. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

FORM of CONVICTION.

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and at*in the County of aforesaid, A.B. came

before me C* D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County, et cetera] and informed me, that et cetera [here ft forth the Fa8 in the Manner described by the As] whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer laid Charge, appeared before on the # Day

of at in the said County; and having heard the Charge contained in the said

Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the fame being fully proved upon the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness, it manifedly appears to me the said Justice, that he the said#. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information; it is therefore considered and adjudged by me the

- laid

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 32, 33.:

said Justice, lie the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid; and I do hereby dflpe and adjudge, that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful

Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directa, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided* Given under my Hand and Seal the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and

After the Words being duly summoned to answer the said Charge,* insert [did not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons] or [did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge> but the fame being fully proved, et cetera] as before.

After the Words contained in the said Information,' insert [acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true; and it manifestly appears to me the said Justice, etceteraJ as above.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for enabling Tenants in Tail and for Life and also Ecclesiastical Perfoitf to grant Land for the Purpose of endowing Schools in Ireland.

[24th May 18 ] 6.}

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in Ireland in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late

V Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the further explaining and amending the several Laws for preventing Frauds committed by Tenants, and for the more easy Renewal of Leases, and for the further Amendment of the Law in certain Cases therein mentioned, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Persons whatsoever seised in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or for Life in Possession fit any Lands, with immediate Remainder to his, her or their own I flue, by his, her or their Deeds respectively, to grant any Part of such Lands not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, of the yearly Value of Thirty Shillings, and being no Part of the Demefoe Lands usually occupied with or reputed as Demesne

to the Mansion or Chief Dwelling House belonging to such Tenant in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or for Life, for the Use of a Resident Protestant Schoolmaster to teach the English Tongue, and that the Minjfler and Churchwardens and their Successors for ever of each respective Parish where such Acre of Land is or (halt be so granted or set apart, shall be empowered and made capable of receiving such Grant or Grants of Land, not exceeding One Acre Plantation Measure, for the Use of such English Resident Protestant Schoolmaster to teach the EngVfb Tongue, and to no other Intent or Use whatever: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act in that respect have been found inefficient; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons whatsoever seised of any Lands in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or for Life in Possession, with immediate Remainder to his, her or their Issue, of any Interest in Lands, by his or their Deeds respectively, to grant any Part of such Lands not exceeding Half an Acre Irish Plantation Measure within the Liberties of any City or Corporate Town in Ireland, nor Two Acres Irish Plantation Measure in any other Part of Ireland, of whatever yearly Value the fame may be, and being no Part of the Demesne Lands usually occupied with or reputed as Demesne, to the Mansion or Chief Dwelling House belonging to such Tenant ia FeeTaH, or for Life, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, who shall be approved of for that Purpose by the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands lie, and to his and their Heirs or Successors in Fee Simple, or for any lesser Interest; such Approbation to be expressed by such Bishop being a Party to and signing and sealing such Deed, in trust and for the Use of a Resident Schoolmaster, and subject to such Conditions respecting the Mode of appointing such Schoolmaster and his Successors, and the Plan of Education and Regulation of such School and its Concerns as shall be specified

10 such Deed, or as shall afterwards be agreed on by and between the Person or Persons so making such Grant of Land, or his or their Heirs, on the one Part, and all and e^cry or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs or Successors, on the other Part, who shall advance or shall have advanced any of his or their Money, or any Part of the Funds entrutted to their Management, to the Amount of not less than One hundred Pounds Sterling, either for the building of a School House on the Lands so granted, or for the Endowment of the Schoolmaster.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in like manner for every Archbishop and Bishop, and Dean or Dean and Chapter, Archdeacon, or other Ecclesiastical Dignitary, Prebendary, Rc&or, Vicar, and all other Ecclesiastical Persons, with the Consent of the Archbishop or Bishop of their respective Dioceses, to make an absolute Grant by Deed or Deeds under their respective Hands and Seals, of any Quantity of Land to any of them respectively belonging, in right of their respective Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, and other Ecclesiastical Dignities, or as Glebe or otherwise, not exceeding One Acre, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be approved of by such Archbishop or Bishop, the Consent and Approbation of such Archbishop or Bishop to be expressed by his being a Party to and signing and sealing such Deed, in trust for the Use of a Resident Schoolmaster, and subject to fucri Conditions respecting the Mode of appointing such Schoolmaster, and the Plan of Education and Regulation of such School, as is hereinbefore mentioned and expressed with respect to such Grant by other Persons hereinbefore mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Grantees or Lessees, or his or their Heir or Heirs, Successor or Successors, shall be qualified to vote at the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament, as # Freeholder, by virtue of any Grant or Least made by virtue of this present Act.

50 Geo. III. F CAP.

33.

s(5. S. (T.)e'. -it

I*

in Town* Cor po# rate, &c. by I.an<H)wher* for Etuluwment of Schools, &c.

Grants by

Ecclesiallicid

Persons.

Grantee net on* titled to to e nr Eitftion.

So* GEORGII III.

A.D. 181 o«

t)aries on Malt unground imported into Great Ikitain from Ireland et e contra.

Duties.

Drawbacks,

ifscriptjoti of tufhel.

and Barrel.

Duties and Drawbacks in G. B. under Eitife, in I. under Customs, &c.

Consolidated

Fund.

Commencemert.

C. 34.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for allowing the Exportation of British and Trish made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.

[24th May 1810.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force. Malt is prohibited from being imported into Great Britain 4 W and Ireland respectively s And whereas it is expedient that a free Intercourse thereof should be per- mitted between those Parts of the United Kingdom, iiibject to such Countervailing Duties on the Import thereof respectively, as shall be equal to the internal Duty payable on Malt in the Country into which such Malt shall be imported, and that all Malt imported from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, should be entitled to Drawbacks respectively, equal in Amount to such Countervailing Duties; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall and may be lawful to import directly into Great Britain Malt unground made in Ireland; and also to import directly into Ireland Malt unground made in Great Britain, subject to the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act imposed and allowed, and under, subject and according to such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Pro* viuons as are provided, settled or established of and concerning the same by this Act, or as may be provided, settled or established by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

[See c. 53.]

II. And be it further enacted, That for all such Malt so imported there shall be paid the following Countervailing Duties 5 that is to say, for every Bushel of such Malt made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, the Sum of Four Shillings and Four pence; for every Bushel of such Malt made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eight pence, and Ten twentieths of a Farthing; for every Barrel of such Malt made in Great Britain and imported directly from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Tea Shillings British Currency.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all such Malt so exported there shall be allowed the following Drawbacks 5 that is to say, for every Bushel of Malt made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully paid and exported from thence to Ireland unground, the Sum of Four Shillings and Four pence; for every Bushel of Malt made from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, except Beer or Big, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been fully paid, and exported from thence to Ireland unground, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eight pence and Ten twentieths of a Farthing 5 for evenr Barrel of Malt made in Ireland, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof shall have been roily paid, and exported from thence to Great Britain unground, the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That by the Bushel in this Act mentioned, so far a* relates to the Drawback on the Exportation of Malt from Great Britain and the Duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, is meant and intended a Bushel, according to the Standard remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlain of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, commonly called or known by the Name of The Winchester Bushel, and that every round Bushel with a plain and even Bottom being made Eighteen Inches and a Half Wide throughout, and Eight Inches Deep shall be esteemed for the Purposes aforesaid, a legal Winchester Bushel according to the said Standard; and that by the Bushel in this Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Drawback on the Exportation of Malt from Ireland, and the Duty on the Importation thereof into Ireland, is meant and intended the Bushel known by the Name of The Winchester Bushel, containing Eight Gallons of Two hundred and seventy two Cubical Inches and a Quarter of an Ineh each, and that Four such Bushels shall be deemed a Barrel.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties and Drawbacks as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being 5 and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Ireland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland for the time being; and that such Duties and Drawbacks as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Ireland, shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and accounted for in Ireland, in such and the like manner as any Duties or Drawback* of a like Nature payable in Ireland, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Forfeitures, Fines, Pains and Penalties now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and all Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures for any Offence committed against or in breach of any Act of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Act, for recovering the said Revenues in Ireland, shall be in full Force as to the said Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually as if they were made a Part of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising oy the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster and Dublin respectively, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and takev Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten.

A.D. 1810.

35

50° GEORGII III. C. 35.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for altering the Mode of collecting the Duty on Insurances against Loss by Fire, upon Property in His Majesty's Islands and Possessions in the West Indies, and elsewhere beyond the Seas, and for exempting certain Bonds and Receipts from Stamp Duty 5 for giving Relief in certain Cases of Stamps spoiled or misused; and for explaining Part of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

[24th May 1810.]

WHER^EAS by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging a Duty on Persons ivhofc Property shall he injured against Lof by Fire; a yearly Duty of One Shilling and Six pence ter Centum was imposed upon all Sums insured on any Property against Loss by Fire; and all Persons who should publickly or privately insure or keep any Office for insuring Property*against Loss by Fire were required to take out a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioners of*Stamps, and to enter into Bonds to His Majesty for securing the Payment of the Duties payable in respect thereof: And whereas the yearly Duty imposed by the said Act, together with an additional yearly Duty of Six pence imposed by a subsequent Act, was repealed by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and a yearly Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence per Centum was thereby imposed upon all Sums insured on Property against Loss by Fire, in lieu thereof; which new Duty is secured and collected c by and under the Regulations and Provisions of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign: And whereas many Persons having Property in Trinidad, and in others of His Majesty's Islands and Possessions in the West Indies and elsewhere beyond the Seas, cannot procure the same to be insured against*Loss by Fire, to the Amount desired by the public Corporations or Companies by whom Insurances against Fire are most commonly made, and they cannot procure Insurances to be made on such Property by Indi- viduals, because of the Regulations of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty8 Reign, which are found inconvenient, as applied to them; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and £onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons in Great Britain, to insure any Houses, Buildings, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property situated and being in any of the Islands, Settlements or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the West Indies, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, against Loss or Damage by Fire, without taking out a Licence, and entering into a Bond to His Majesty. pursuant to the Directions and Regulations of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, and without being liable to the said yearly Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, but subject nevertheless to the Regulations and Restrictions herein after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lifti of the said yearly Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, there shall be raised, levied and paid, from and after the passing of this Act, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in and throughout Great Britain, for and in respect of every Policy of Assurance or Insurance or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made by any Person or Persons not being licensed as aforesaid, of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property situated and being in any of the Islands, Settlements or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the West Indies, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from Loss or Damage by Fire, or for or in respect of the Vellum, Parchment or Paper upon which any such Policy or Instrument shall be written or printed, the Duty following; that is to lay, If the whole Sum thereby insured shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence; and if the whole Sum thereby insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, then for every One hundred Pounds, and also for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, whereof the same shall consist, a Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence, over and besides the Duty of One Shilling, charged on every such Policy or Instrument by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

III. And be it further enacted, That no such Insurance shall be made by any Person or Persons, not being licensed as aforesaid, for any longer Period of time than Twelve Calendar Months, either absolutely or conditionally, in and by any One Policy or Instrument, and that every Policy or Instrument, whereby any such Insurance shall be made or attempted to be made by any Person or Persons not being licensed as aforesaid, for any longer Period of time, either absolutely or conditionally, shall be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person or Persons making or attempting to make such Insurance shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby granted shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed and authorized by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to manage the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; which said Commissioners, and the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide proper and sufficient Stamps or Dies for expressing and denoting the said Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof respectively, upon the Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable therewith, and to alter and renew the fame from time to time as Occasion shall require; and also to employ such Officers and Persons under them, and to do all such other Acts and Things as shall be thought necessary or expedient for effectually raising and collecting the said Duties hereby granted, and forputting this Act into Execution, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or any former Commissioners are or have been authorized to do for the raising and collecting of any former Stamp Duties, or for putting into Execution any Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

V. And be it further enacted, 'Fhat it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to use any of the Stamps or Diet heretofore provided to denote any former Stamp Duties for the Purpose of expressing and denoting


32 G 0. c. 43.

§3.

44 G. 3. C. 9S,

Houses, &c. i* West Indies &c. insured without Licence under 22 G.; J. c. 4S. or Duty under 44 G. 3. c. 9t*

Duty on Jnfu-r«uce*.

4«G. a. c. 149.

Infurtoces to be nuade only for a

V«.

Penally.

Duties to be un-d< r Commission-en lor Stunj*.

Sumpi heretofore f'mdeJ,

S*.

forging Stamp*.

Dnth.

Former Stamp Acts in force.

In what Case Stamps given in lieu of improper W*.

Pmiet paid to Receiver General of Stamps, who shall pay fame into the Bank.

Appro: nation of Duties*

4B G. 3. c. 149

43 G. 3. C. 99. % 13.

44 G. 3. C. 98. 48 G. 3. c. 149.

C. 35. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

the said Duties hereby granted, or the Amount thereof, and also to use Two or more Stamps for denoting the A mount of the Duties hereby granted, as Occasion may require, until a single Stamp shall be provided for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Stamp or Die which fHa.ll be provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act, or any Stamp or Die which shall have been provided, made or used in pursuance of any former Act or Acts relating to any Stamp Duty or Duties, or shall forge, counterfeit or reiemble, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of any such Stamp or Die as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties hereby granted; or if any Person or Persons shall utter, or fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, having thereupon the Impression of any such forged or counterfeited Stamp or Die, or any such forged, counterfeited or resembled Impression as aforesaid, knowing the fame respectively to be forged, counterfeited or resembled; or if any Person or Persons shall privately and secretly use any Stamp or Die by this or any former Act dircA-ed or allowed to be used for denoting any of the Duties granted by this or any former Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties hereby granted, then every Person f6 offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That aH the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by any former Act or A Act of Parliament relating to any Stamp Duties, shall be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties hereby granted, as far as the same are or shall be applicable in all Cases, Matters and Things not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto, so far as the same shall be confident with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said Duties hereby granted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Policy or Instrument of Insurance as aforesaid shall be subscribed or underwritten by any Person or Persons for Part only of the Sum intended to have been thereby insured, and for which the same shall have beeu damped, so that a greater Duty shall have been paid for the same than is hereby required; or if any such Policy or Indrument of Insurance shall be inadvertently subscribed or underwritten by any Person or Persons for any greater S»im in the Whole than the Sum for which the same shall have been damped, whereby the fame will be unavailable in Law 5 and if in either of the said Cases the allured shall procure another Policy or Indrument of Insurance, duly damped, to be subscribed or underwritten for the lame Ri(k, and fqr the same Sum as shall have been subscribed or underwritten upon the Fird Policy or Indrument, and shall produce the same to the Commissioners of Stamps within One Calendar Month after the lad Subscription upon the Fird Policy or Indrument; and if in the latter Case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that a greater Sum was subscribed or underwritten upon the Fird Policy or Indrument through Inadvertence and by Midake, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow as spoiled, and to cancel the Stamps on the Fird Policy or Indrument, and to give other Stamps of the fame Description and Value, or otherwise at their Discretion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient, Stamps of any other Description and of equal Value in lieu thereof*

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by this A A shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Cudody, pursuant to the AA in that case made and provided, and shall thereafter pay the same together with the Monies arising from the other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps (except thofeon Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets) after deducting the Charges of raising, collecting and accounting for the fame, and all other Charges fird payable thereout into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster> in one Sum, at such times and in such manner as the present Stamp Duties are by the Laws in force directed to be paid; and that the Money so paid into the said Receipt shall be carriea to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

X. And be it further enacted, That the clear Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted shall go and be

considered as Part of the yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence, directed to be set apart in the Exchequer, by the AA passed in the Forty eight n Year of His Majesty's Reign hereinbefore referred to, and entitled An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Successions to Perf anal Estate upon Intejlacies now payable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof j and that the yearly Sum of Thirty two thousand Pounds, Part of the yearly Sum of Forty two thousand Pounds, by the said lad mentioned AA required to be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a Compensation for the Exemption of their Notes and Bills from Stamp Duty, shall be set apart at the Exchequer in addition to the said yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence; and that the Remainder of the said yearly Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall be deemed an Addition to the public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

1 XI. And whereas the Bonds by Law required to be entered into by the Collectors of the Assessed Taxes

and Property Tax, for securing the due Payment of the Monies collected by them were exempted front

Stamp Duty by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign; but the Exemption was not

repeated

C^35r

37

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII .III.

repeated in the Act of the Forty fourth and Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign for granting new

Stamp Duties, whence a Doubt hath arisen concerning the same/ Be it therefore enacted, That all Bonds which nave been entered into before the passing of this Act by any Collectors of the Assessed Taxe* and Property Tax, and their Sureties, for the due Payment of the Monies qollefted by them, or otherwise relating to their Offices on undamped Paper or Parchment, shall nevertheless be deemed good and valid; and that all Persons shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof; and that all such Bonds to be entered' into after the passing of this Act shall be exempted from all Stamp Duties.

XII. And whereas the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills have hitherto inadvertently taken Receipts for the Monies paid by them in discharge of such Bills on undamped Paper, under a Misapprehension that such Receipts were not liable to a Stamp Duty/ Be it therefore further enacted, That all Receipts on undamped Paper, taken by the Paymadcrsof Exchequer Bills for either Principal or Intered Monies paid by them in discharge of any such Bills at any time before the passing of this Act shall nevertheless be deemed good and valid; and that all Persons who shall have given such Receipts, as well as the said Paymaders, shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures on account thereof, and that from and after the passing of this Act all Receipts or Discharges to be given for or upon the Payment of any Principal or Intered Monies secured by Exchequer Bills, shall be exempted from all Stamp Duties.

XIII. And whereas Midakes have been frequently made in the Use of Stamps issued for denoting the ad valorem Duties granted by the aforesaid Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and some Persons have u(ed Stamps of much greater Value than were necessary, and others have used Stamps for Indrument8 not liable to a Stamp Duty, and others, without Intention of Fraud have used Stamps of less Value than were necessary, but dill of considerable Value, whereby many Persons have fudained a considerable Loss, as the Commissioners of Stamps are not authorized to give Relief in such and the like Cases, but which it is expedient that they should be enabled to do under certain Restrictions; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, where any Person shall have inadvertently used for or upon any Indrument liable to a Stamp Duty under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, any Stamp or Stamps of greater Value than the Indrument required by the Sum of Fifty Shillings or upwards; and allb where any Person shall have inadvertently used any Stamp or Stamps of the Value of Fifty Shillings or upwards, for or upon any Indrument not liable to any Stamp Duty; and also where any Person shall have inadvertently used for or upon any Iudfument liable to a Stamp Duty under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, any Stamp or Stamps of the Value of Fifty Shillings or upwards (exclusive of any progressive Duty), but which shall be of less Value than the Indrument required, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled and to cancel the Stamp or Scamps misused in the several Cases aforesaid, and to give another Stamp or Stamps of the fame Description and Value, or otherwise, at their Discretion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient, Stamps of any other Description and of equal Value in lieu thereof, and to caofe the Indrument bearing the Stamp or Sumps misused, if liab?e to any Duty, to be damped with the proper Stamp or Stamps for denoting the Duty chargeable thereon, upon Payment of such Duty, without demanding any Penalty in respect thereof 5 or if another Indrument of the fame Tenor and Effect shall be produced duly stamped and duly executed, and the Indrument bearing the Stamp or Stamps misused shall be delivered up to be cancelled, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow as spoiled, and to cancel the Stamp or Stamps thereon, and to give another Stamp or Stamps of the fame Description and Value, or otherwise, at their Discretion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient. Stamps of any other Description and of equal Value in lieu thereof: Provided always, that the Application for such Relief as aforesaid shall be made within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or within Two Calendar Months after the Date of the Indniment bearing the Stamp or Stamps misused; and provided it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, in Cases where the Stamp or Stamps misused shall be of less Value than the Instrument required, that the fame were so used by Midake, or under a Misapprehension of the Law, and without any Intention to avoid or delay the Payment of the full Duty charged on such Indniment.

XIV. And be it further enacted, that from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to allow as spoiled, and to cancel, and in the manner aforesaid to give other Stamps in lieu of all such Stamps as shall have been used for or upon any Instruments which shall have been executed or signed by any of the Parties thereto, but which, by reason of any Midake therein, shall be afterwards found unfit for the Purpose intended, or which, by reason of the Death of any Party thereto without having executed or signed the fame, cannot be completed so as to effect the Transaction intended in the Form proposed, and which shall, in consequence, be cancelled and delivered up to the said Commissioners as useless, provided the Application for the Relief hereby given shall be made within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act or within Two Calendar Months after the Date of the Indniment in Question; and provided the Fasts upon which the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to give Relief shall be fully proved by Affidavit or otherwise to their Satisfaction.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where the Commissioners of Stamps have already the Power of allowing and cancelling spoiled Stamps, and of giving others of the fame Description and Value in lieu thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their Discretion, where it shall appear to them to be expedient, to give Stamps of any other Description and of equal Value with the Stamps cancelled in lieu thereof.

XVL. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Indruments for or upon which any Stamp or Stamps have been or shall be used, of equal or greater Value than the Indruments required, bat not of the proper Denomination, shall nevertheless be deemed valid and effectual in the Low, except in those Cases where the Stamps used on such Indrumentit shall have been specially appropriated to any other Indrument'by having its Name on the Face thereof.

I f 4 XVII. And

Unstampt" Bonds of Collectors of* A flefTed Taxes, See.

Indemnity.

Receipt* taken by Paymaders of/ Exchequer Hills valid and exempt from Stamp Dutica.

48 G. 3.C. 14g»

In what Case improper Stamps for ad valorem Duties, cancelled, and others given, &.C.

Conditions.

Other Stamps given for spoiled Stamps.

Stamp* of othea

Descriptions

given.

Stamp* of equal Value ihoqph not of proper Denomination, valid.

38 C. 35, 36.

48 G, 3. c. 149. Sch. Part 1.

Certain Leases and Tacks of Lands exempted from the ad valorem Duties.

*Act varied.

*G. 3k c. 23.

'Holders of eer-- tain Exchequer Bilb on delivering up fame shall 'deceive InterefH.and Certificates entitling to eer-Uiiin Stock.

IWers of recited Act extended to this Act.

5<m GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

1 XVII. And whereas Doubts have been entertained whether the Exemption contained in the Schedule to the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, of certain Leases and Tacks of Lands, Hereditaments or heritable Subjectg from the ad valorem Duties thereby granted on Conveyances upon the Sale of Property, extends to Leases and Tacks net exceeding the Term or Intered specified in such Exemption, granted in pursuance of a previous Contrail or Agreement to any other Person or Persons than the Person or Persons with whom such Contract or Agreement was made, or his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, in consideration of a Sum of Money paid or secured, or agreed to be paid to the Person or Persons with whom such Contract or Agreement was made, or his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Alligns, for his, her or their Right or Intered, in the Property comprised in such Leases and Tacks 5 and some such Leases have been made and damped as if the fame did not fall withia the said Exemption, whild others have been made without Stamps for denoting the Payment of the said act valorem Duties, and without regard to the Provisions of the said lad mentioned A A, relating to Conveyances upon the Sale of Property, under the Supposition that the said Exemption did extend thereto Be it therefore further enacted, That all Leases and Tacks of the Description aforesaid, which have been made or shall be made before or upon the Fird Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, without Payment of the said act valorem Duties, shall be deemed and taken to have been within the Scope of the said Exemption at the time of the making thereof, and that all Persons shall be indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect of the fame; and that from and after the said Fird Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, the said Exemption shall not extend or be deemed or condrued to extend to any Leases or Tacks of the Description aforesaid, which shall be made at any time after that Day.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to .be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge an additional Number of Exchequer Bills.

[24th May 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act pafTedin this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills: and whereas it is expedient to allow a further Amount of Exchequer Bills to be exchanged upon the Terms and according to the Provisions of the said Act s We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament adembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained m certain other Exchequer Bills now outdanding, to the further Amount of Three hundred and eleven thousand Pounds, have reiolved that all Persons interested in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills should be entitled in respect of the Principal Sum9 4 contained therein to such Capital Stock in Annuities as are herein after mentioned, subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act 1* We Your Majesty's most faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person intereded in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the" Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, bearing Intered at the Rate of Three pence One Farthing per Centum per Diem, who mould between the Twentieth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten and the Twenty seventh Day of March One Thousand eight hundred and ten, both inclusive, have carried the same to the Office of the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, unless the principal Sum of Eight Millions Sterling allowed to be exchanged by the said recited Act, and the farther Principal Sum of Three hundred and eleven thousand Pounds shall have been sooner subscribed at the said Office in such Exchequer Bills, shall be respectively paid the Intered that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, in Money, as (bon after the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten as can conveniently be done, and shall have in Exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Paymaders, Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and three pounds Five Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, for each One hundred Pounds contained in such lad mentioned Certificates, and so in proportion for any greater Sum; and that all Persons intereded in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, by having delivered the fame between the respective Days aforesaid into the said Office of Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms 5 which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of En» gland, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall not exceed the sum of Three hundred and eleven thousand Pounds, in addition to the Sum of Eight Millions Sterling allowed to be exchanged by the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act, as to the said Exchequer Bills allowed to be exchanged by the said Act, ilfall apply and be put in full Force for the exchanging the Exchequer Bills allowed to be exchanged by this Act, in as full and ample a mannerae if the fame were in this Act Severally and separatdy re-

enacted

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 36, 37, 38. 39

crafted and made Part of this Act, and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed as One Act, as if the additional Amount of Exchequer Bills allowed to be exchanged by this Act had been included in the said recited Act.

CAP. XXtVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick '

WolfenbutuL [34th May 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TXT E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Bri-

W tain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration Your Majesty's most gra-

cioua MefTage, wherein Your Majesty has been pleasedto state, that, in consequence of the continued Occunation of the Territories of the Duke of Brunswick Wolfenbuttel by the French Armies, since the unfortunate

Events which were attended by the lamented Death of his illustrious Father in the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. His Serene Highness the present Duke of Brunswick WolfenbutteU Your Majesty's Nephew, has, after a Series of gallant but unavailing Efforts for the Recovery of his Possessions, been com-

polled to feekan Asylum in Your Majesty's Dominions, Your Majesty recommended to the House of Com-

mo ns to consider of the Means of enabling Your Majesty to make some Provision for the Establishment of His Serene Highness during such time as the State of the Continent might continue to preclude the Return of His Serene Highness to his own Dominions; ' Do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the King's Most Excellent Majesty by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Annuity of Manual, to give and grant unto His Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wolfenbuttel, an Annuity not 7, 0001. to the exceeding Seven thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; which said Annuity may commence Bruns-

and take Effect from the Fhrft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, and shall be paid quar- w*ck Wolfcnbui-terlv at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year 5 that is to say, the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of

of July9 the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January in every Year, until the State of the Consolidated Continent of Europe shall allow the Return of His Serene Highness to his own Dominions; and that the said Fund. Annuity shall and may by such Warrant be directed to be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated fund of Great Britain, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable ont of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Payable at Es- Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required by chequer, virtue of such Warrant to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Annuity as JJfbentnris. the finne shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the Fce# lame or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Duke of Brunswick Wolfenbuttel, or of such other Person or Persons as shall by the said Duke be duly authorized and appointed to receive such Annuity or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and paired upon the said Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of such Annuity to the said Duke during the Continuance of the fame, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Eehalf; and that the said Annuity so to be given and granted shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present MajestyV.Reign, intituled, An Act to peYmit certain Goods imported into Ireland ta be nuarehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, and to amend the fame. £ad June 181 o. j

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend certain Provisions contained in an Act made in the Forty eighth 48 0 ct

4 W Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit certain Goode imported into Ireland, §7.

4 to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid: And whereas it 4 is, among other Things, enacted by the said Act, that no Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said Act, shall be delivered from or taken out of any such Warehouse or Place except for Exportation, or to be used or consumed in Ireland: And whereas it may be expedient in certain Cases to permit Goods, Wares t

and Merchandize to be taken from the Port or Place where they were first warehoused or secured, for the Purpose of being transferred or conveyed to some other Port or Place in Ireland, there to be warehoused or secured under the Provisions of the said recited Act : Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have imported any Goods, Wares or Merchandize into wayt r, .t.urecnn Ireland\ and who shall have lodged the fame in Warehouse, or otherwise secured the fame, at any Port in WareitoufrundcT

f 7 Ireland\ iccited A6V

plater of Vessel to take out Cueft Cocket.

First Importer to enter into Bond for Delivery of Good*, &c.

[Penalty.]

Importer of Good* removed to epter into Bond, to export Good*, or to pay Duty.

Not clearing Goods.

Sold.

In what Case first Bond vacated.

Unrefined Sugar of conquered or ceded Place, So* feign or Bay Salt warehoused un-<Jcr4bG.3. c. 32.

c. 38. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Ireland, under the Proylfions of the Taid recited Act, or of any AS for altffriftg or amending the Came, to* remove such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or any Part thereof, out of such Warehouse or Place, for the Purpose of fending and transferring the fame Coastways, to be warehoused or Secured without Payment of Duty in any other Port in Ireland, in which such Goods are allowed to be warehoused or Secured by the Provisions of the said recited Act, under the Regulations and Provisions herein after mentioned, directed and contained; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be entered to be shipped at any Port in Ireland for the Purpose of being font and transferred as a fore said to any other Port in Ireland, there to be warehoused or Secured, the Mailer or other Person who shall have the Charge of the Ship or Vessel on board which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be laden in any Port of Ireland, to be landed and difeharffed in Some other Port thereof, shall, before the Ship or Vessel be permitted to depart from the Port or Place where he shall take in his Lading, take out a Coast Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass or Transire, as the case may require; and the first Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall enter inlo a Bond with Two Sufficient Sureties to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Sum equal to the Value of the actual Quantity of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so laden or taken on board such Ship or VelTei, conditioned for the Delivery or Discharge thereof, in the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, and also conditioned to return a Certificate within Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass or Transire, under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be landed and warehoused or Secured, to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port in which such Goods, Ware? or Merchandize shall have been put on board, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize were landed and warehoused or secured at the Port for which the same shall have been entered, and that Bond was duly given upon the warehousing of such Goods at such Port in manner herein after directed; and in case any such Master or other Person shall omit or neglect to take out such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass or Transire, such Mailer or other Person so neglecting or omitting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which may be carried or transferred from one Port in Ire!and % and which may be landed under this Act at any other Port in Ireland, and warehoused or secured there without Payment of Duty at the time of the Entry thereof at such Port to which the fame may have been transferred, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize with Condition that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be duly exported, or that the full Duties due and payable on Such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be duly paid within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry of such Goods Wares or Merchandize, at the Port where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were first entered and warehoused or secured, or within the time required by Law from the first Entry as aforesaid, as to such .'Goods as may be warehoused in Ireland under any Act or Acts other than the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid; and the said Bond shall be so entered into within Forty eight Hours after the Port Surveyor and Landwaiteror other proper Officer shall have ascertained the Quantity and Qwality of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so to be bonded; and in case the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall neglect to clear and take such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, out of and from any Warehouses and Places m which the lame shall have been warehoused and secured within the time required by Law, to be computed from the Day of the first Entry thereof, at the Port where the fame were first entered and warehoused or secured, such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be sold, and the Produce thereof applied in manner directed by the said recited Act af the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, with respect to Goods warehoused or secured under the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon Production of a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port to which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been transferred, and there landed and warehoused of secured in manner directed by this Act, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize were duly landed and secured there, and that Bond was entered into accordingly, pursuant to the Directions of this Act (which Certificate such Officer is hereby required and authorized to grant without Fee or Reward) it shall be lawful for the proper Officer at the Port in which such Goodsj Wares or Merchandize shall have been first warehoused, to vacate the Bond given at such Port on the first landing and warehousing or securing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by Indorsement thereon, so far as relates to the actual Quantity of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall have been carried and transferred from the said Port, and which by any such Certificate shall appear to have arrived at any such other Port in Ireland, and to have been there warehoused under the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any original Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, of any White, or Clayed, or Brown, or Muscovado Sugar, not refined, of the Growth or Produce of any Country, Island or Place conquered by or ceded to, or which shall hereafter be conquered by or ceded to His Majesty's Arms; or of any Foreign or Bay Salt, to warehouse and secure all such Sugar and Salt, under the Regulations and Provisions for warehousing contained in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year, without the Duties due on the Importation of such Sugar and Salt being first paid; and to export and deliver for Exportation such Sugar and Salt without Payment of Duty, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Sugar and such Salt shall be deemed and taken to be warehoused under the Provisions of the said i^ft, and to be entitled to all the Benefits of the said Act, as fully to all Intents and

Pur-

4*

A.D. 1810. 5o° GEORGII III. C. 38, 39, 40.

Ffcirposes as if such Sugar ind such Salt had been specially named and included in Schedule (A) to the said Act annexed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the passing In what Case on of this Act, upon the Exportation from Ireland\ except to Great Britain, of any Foreign or Bay Salt Exportation of which shall not have been warehoused in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of all the Duties which shall have been paid on the Importation of the fame, and that the said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed in like manner, and undei the like Regulations as other Drawbacks are paid and allowed, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, and that all Salt on which such Drawback shall be claimed shall be exported subject to the Regulations and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts In force in Ireland, relating to the Exportation of Salt from Ireland

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act maybe altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to Act altered, fcc be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act fenr repaying, in certain Cases, the Duty paid on the Export of Foreign Plain Linen.

[2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that in certain Cases the Duties paid on Foreign Plain Linen by virtue of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, Jin AH for granting a Duty on Foreign Plain 5Q q 3 c 4 Linen taken out of IVarehouse and exported to Foreign Parts, should be repaid Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi9 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Duty has been or shall be paid, or any Bond has been or shall be entered into for Payment of any Duty imposed by the said Act, upon any Foreign Plain Linen that was secured in Warehouses, as therein de- In what Case feribed, on or before the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, and which Linen has Duty on Fore* been or shall be delivered from any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being exported to Foreign Paits, on or before the Fifteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall and may be lawful forloufe<* the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England arid Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof thereof, to cause Repayment to be made of such Duty so paid, end to cause such Bonds so entered into to be cancelled; any thing in the said Act to the contrary not-with standing.

CAP. XL.

An Act for difeemtinuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol.

[2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is exoedtent that the Bounty now payable on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain mould be discontinued, and that a Proportion of the Duties now payable and paid upon the Importation of Foreign Brimdone into Great Britain should be drawn back upon Brimstone used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, and repaid to the Manufacturers of such Oil made under certain

Regulations and Restrictions; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the 46 q 3 ct p9. Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Ex- repealed. portation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain, shall be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act> Nine Tenth Parts of the Du- Allowance of ties of Cudoms paid on the Importation into Great Britain, of Brimdone, shall be allowed in respect of such Duty for Brimdone used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, and the Amount of such Drawback Brimstone used shall be paid and allowed to the Manufacturer of such Oil in Great Britain, under the following Regulations $ OiPof^trfol (that is to say, ) every Manufacturer of Oil of Vitriol intending to claim any such Drawback or Repayment Regulations for under this Act shall make an Entry of his Name and Place of Abode with the Collector of the Customs of the ManufaAuier. Port within or neared to which his Work shall be carried on, and shall Once in every Month enter in a Book to

be kept for that Purpose an Account of the whole Quantity of Foreign Brimdone used and consumed in his Manufactory within the preceding Month, and at the End of the Year to be computed from the Date of such Entry as aforesaid, shall deliver the said Account to the Collector of the Cudoms with whom he shall have made such Entry* as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Manufacturer shall make Oath to the Truth of the Ac- Oath toQuan-count so delivered to the Collector of the Cudoms under this Act, in which Oath he shall depose that full tity of Briinilun* Nine Tenths of such Brimdone has been consumed in the manufacturing of Oil of Vitriol, ai»d that the Refi- u^ed* &c-duutn does not contain a Quantity of Brimdone worth Extraction, and that such Quantity does not at the ut-

mod exceed One Tenth of the whole Brimdone used in such Manufacture; and he shall also specify in such Account the Name or Names of the Importer or Importers of such Brimdone, and the Times when the Duties due thereon were respectively paid to His Majesty; and if upon a Certificate being produced from the proper Officers of the Cudoms in Great Britain where such Brimdone was so imported, it shall appear that the full Duties were prfid thereon, and if sufficient Proof be also made bcfqre the proper Officers of the Cudoms, that 50 Geo. III. G the

4*

C. 40, 41.

5o° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Delivering fklle Account.

First Offence. Further Offence.

«& 10 W.3. c. 27< and allA&s relating to the Duties thereby imposed, &. c. repealed.

licences in force.

Commission for licenlirg to ccafe. Allowances to Cooinailfiouers, &c. of Haeknay Coaches.

Pensions to Commissioners for li-cenfiner Hfwk-

Goods may be exposed to Sale in Publick Markets.

Duty for Liefer #ca.

the Brimstone mentioned and referred to in such Certificate is the identical Brimstone so flated to have been used and consumed by the Manufacturer of such Oil of Vitriol, then, and in every such Case, a Debenture shall be idiied for the Amount of the Drawback by this Act allowed upon such Brimstone; and the same shall be paid by the Collector of the Customs who shall have received such Account as aforesaid, out of any Money remaining in his Hands on account of the Duties of Customs.

IV. And be it further enacted, 'That if any Manufacturer of Oil of Vitriol shall deliver any false Account of the Quantity of Foreign Brimstone used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, every such Manufacturer shall, on being convicted of any such first Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be sued for within Three Months after the Delivery of the Account, and recovered in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and One Moiety of such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches.

[2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Powers and Provisions contained in any Acts of Parliament relat* ing to the Duties upon Hawkers and Pedlars should be brought together into one Act, and that the said Duties should be placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aRd Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of Auguti One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act passed in a Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of His late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision for the Payment of the Intereji of the Trans port Debt for the reducing of Ireland; and all Acts made for continuing, altering or regulating the Duties thereby imposed, as far only as the said Acts relate to such Continuance, Alteration or Regulation, and all Powers, Provisions and Clauses contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Collection of the fame Duties, shall be repealed, except such of the said Powers, Provisions and Clauses, as may be necessary to be kept in force, for the Recovery of any Arrears of the said Duties hereby repealed, or any Penalties incurred under any of the Acts hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to revive any Act or Provision which had been repealed by any of the Acts or Provisions repealed by this Act, and which were not in force at the time of passing this Act, but the same shall continue repealed notwithstanding any thing contained in this Act. §. 31, pojH\

II. And be it further enacted, That all Licences granted under any former Act to Hawkers and Pedlars, by the Commissioners of Hawkers and Pedlars, and in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall continue in force until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten; And that all future Licences which shall be granted under and by virtue of this Act, shall continue in force until the First Day of August next following the Dates of such Licences respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, that from and after the said First Day of August, the Commission by which Commissioners are appointed for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, shall cease and determine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, out of the Monies raised by this Act, to pay to the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, their Clerks or any other Persons, such Sums of Money as they or any of them shall or may reasonably deserve for their Service, or shall or may have expended in the Execution of or in relation to this Act: Provided always, that the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power to grant such Pensions by way of Compensation to the Commissioners and other. Persons who shall be employed in the Office for granting Licences to Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, at the time of the passing of this Act, as to them shall seem fit, so as that the same shall not in any Case exceed the Amount of the Salary which any such Commissioners, or any such other Person shall be entitled to in respect of his or her Situation in the said Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder any Person or Persons from felling or exposing to Sale any Sorts of Goods or Merchandize in any Publick Mart, Market or Fair, legally established within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, but such Person or Persons may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this Act 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the said First I)ay of August there shall be raised, answered and paid to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following, that is to say, by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and every other trading Person and Persons going from Town to To wit, or to other Men's Houses, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse, Horses, or otherwise, in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, a Duty of Four Pounds for each Year; and every Person so travelling with a Horse, Afs or Mule or other Beast (a), bearing or drawing Burthen, the Sum of Four Pounds yearly for each Beast he or she shall so travel with, over and above the said first mentioned Duty of Four Pounds.

(a) TSee the Case of Rex v. Robotham, 3 Burr. p. 1472, mentioned in Note to9 and 10 IV. 3, c. 27. §1.]

9 t VII. And

50° GEORGII III.

C. 41.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August it shall not he lawful for any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or any other trading Person or Persons going from Town to Town, or to other Men's Houses, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or Horses, either by opening a Room or Shop, and exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize by Retail in any Town, Parish or Place, such Person not being a Householder there, or the fame not being an usual Place of his or her Abode, or by any other Means or Device to vendor fell, either by himself or herself, or by any Auctioneer, whether licensed or not, Broker, Appraiser, Agent, Servant or other Person on his or her Behalf, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, by Outcry, Knocking down of Hammer, Cundlo, Dot, Parcel or any other Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the best or highcil Bidder is or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser; and that every Person and Persons so vending or selling contrary to such Prohibition as LII aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

VIII. And be it f urther enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for the time being for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, who shall have Power to employ such additional Clerks and Officers as may be required for collecting, recovering, paying and accounting for the said Duties, and shall themselves receive such additional Allowances out of the said Duties so collected by them, as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman subject to the Duties hereby imposed, shall annually take out a Licence in the manner herein after mentioned, which Licence shall continue in force for such time and times as are hereinbefore respectively provided in that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of AugujU every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman and other trading Person or Persons so travelling as aforesaid, shall, at the time of receiving his or her Licence as hereafter mentioned, and without any Discount whatsoever, pay all Duties granted or made payable by, or imposed upon him or her respectively, to the Commissioners for the time being for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, orfome Person or Persons in that Behalf authorized or deputed by them, or the mapr Part of them, in Writing under their Hands and SeaL % and upon Payment thereof, and not otherwise, a License shall be granted to such Person, subscribed by the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Oue of them, for him or her to travel and trade according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and according to the Duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such Licence.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person duly authorized and deputed by the present Commifilor.ers to grant Licences in any Place within the Limits of England and /F'ales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except the Cities of London and Wejflminjhr % and having Authority for that Purpose at the time of passing this Act, shall have Power to grant Licences under the Provisions of this Act, as if they had been duly authorized and deputed under this Act by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, until such last mentioned Commissioners shall think fit to annul their Authority.

XII. And be it enacted, That before any Person or Persons shall receive any Licence to trade or travel as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall produce to the Commissioner or Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or their Deputy or Deputies appointed for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen and other trading Persons as aforesaid, a Certificate, signed by some one Clergyman officiating; within the Parish, Chapelry or Place, wherein such Person so applying for such Licence has his usual residence, and also by Two reputable Inhabitants of the said Parish, Chapelry or Place, attefling that the Person so applying is of good Character and Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar and Petty Chapman.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate so to be produced as aforesaid, shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following:

4 \\7E di. B. the Minister, and C.D. and E. F. being two Householders, residing at

*, in the Parish, Chapelry, or otherwise, [as the Case may be^ of, in the County of do hereby certify, that G. H. hath been known to us for the Space of

Years last pall, and during all that Time hath usually reiided in the said Parish,

Chapelry, or otherwise, the Case may of, and is a Person of good Character

and Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar aiuj Petty

Chapman. Dated the Day of .'

A B. Minister.

j- Householders.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, under or by virtue of this Act, and who shall trade with or under Colour of such Licence, shall cause to be written, painted or printed in large legible Roman Capitals, upon the moll conspicuous Part of every Pack, Box, Bag, Trunk, Case, Cart or Waggon, or other Vessele or Conveyance, in which he or she shall carry his or her Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and of every Room and Shop in which he or she shall so trade; and likewise upon every Hand Bill or Advertisement which he or she mall give out, distribute or publish, the Words, - Licensed Hawker, ' together with the Number, Name or other Mark or Marks of Dif* tindion so written or printed upon his or her Licence as aforesaid; and that every such Person in any Respect making Default herein shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time from and after the said First Day of Augijl, any Person other than to whom such Licence shall have b?en so granted as aforesaid, shall write, paint or print, or cause

G z to

43

Hawkers (not being KtlidenU) felling by Auction.

[Penalty.]

Duties under CommissioncK for licensing Hackney Coaches.

Licence aimu*' ally.

The Duties to be paid on receiving Licence.

Proviso for Persons already authorized to grant Licences.

Hawkers to produce Certificate of Character.

Form of Certify cate.

Packages of Hawker to have the Words*Licensed Hawker/ Sic.

[Penalty.]

Persons not licensed using such Words.

[Penalty.]

Hawkers dealing in fimicglt'J Go#ds.

[Penalty.]

Trading contrary to Licence,

[Penalty.]

Per-alty.

Imprisonineot. Vorgin^ or using forged Licence.

[Penalty.]

Hiring or lending Licence.

[Penalty.]

Persons trading without Licence, or refilling to produce it, how dealt with.

Trading iriilj-cu> Licence.

WArefs.

C. 4r. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

to be written, painted or printed, or kept or continue written, painted or printed upon any Pack, Bag, Box, Trunk, Case, Cart, Waggon, or other Vessele or Conveyance for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or in any Room or Shop in which he or she shall sell or expose to Sale or keep for Sale any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Words Licensed Hawker or Licensed Pedlar, or any other Word or Words to that Effect, every Person offending therein shall forfeit for each Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said First Day of August, be convicted of knowingly dealing in, vending or selling any Kind of smuggled, contraband or prohibited Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or knowingly dealing in, vending or selling any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, fraudulently r diffioncftly procured either by themselves or through the Medium of others, with their Privity and Knowledge, every such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or trading Person, shall, from and after such Conviction, forfeit his or her Licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new Licence, or dealing, trafficking or trading under the fame, and that over and above all Rich Forfeitures and Incapacities, Fines and Penalties to which he or she is or shall be by Law subject and liable, for such illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

XVI f. And be it further enacted, That if any stich Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person fa travelling as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said First: Day of August, trade as aforesaid without, or contrary to, or otherwise than as shall be allowed by such Licence, such Person shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, t.» be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and that if any Person trading under or by virtue of any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, upon Demand made by any Person or Persons authorized or appointed to demand any such Licence by the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen for the time being, or any Two of them, under their Hands and Seals, and upon producing or (liewing such Authority or Appointment to such Person fa trading as last aforesaid, or upon Demand made by any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Con liable or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where he or (lie shall so trade, or by any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or by any Person to whom such Hawker, Pedlar or Potty Chapman shall offer any Goods to Sale, shall refuse to produce and shew his or her Licence for so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her Licence ready to produce and shew unto such Person authorized or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Constable or other Officer of the Customs or Excise, that then the Person so refusing, or not having his or her Licence ready to produce and shew as aforesaid, shall forfeit Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for Non-payment thereof shall suffer as a common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences by this Act directed to be granted, or travel with, or ^produce or shew any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to be recovered and applied as herein after directed.

XIX..And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall let out, or hire or lend any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with or under colour of any Licence granted unto any Per-foji whatsoever, or of any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the fame is granted, the Person letting out to hire or lending any such Licence, and the Person so trading with or under colour of any Licence granted to any other Person, or any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be ipferted, as the Name of the Person to whom the fame is granted, shall each of them forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and in case any Person shall be convicted or have Judgment against him for lending his or her Licence to any other Person or Persons contrary to this Act, such his or her Licence shall be from henceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of having any Licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid 5 Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall subjc& to the said Penalty any Servant travelling for a licensed Master, with the Licence of such Master, and for his Benefit; or any licensed Matter fending such Servant to travel with such Licence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person as aforesaid, who shall be found trading without a Licence contrary to this Act, or who being found trading shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Person or Persons a Licence according to this Act, after being required so to do for a reasonable time, in order to give Notice to a Constable, Headborough, Tithingman or other Peace Officer or Officers, who are hereby required t carry such Persons so seized, unless they shall in the mean time produce their respective Licences before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and strictly required to examine into the Fa& or Fasts charged; and upon the Proof, either by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), that the Person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no such Licence being produced by such Offender before the said Justice, to convict the Offender so trading without a Licence, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause the said Sum of Forty Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goods (j) which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners

5f thereof,

45

A.D. 1810. jo* GEORGII III. C. 41.

thereof, after deducing the reasonable Charges for making such Distress, and ont of the said Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, and in the mean time to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place where Imprisonmeirt* the said Offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and the reasonable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be otherwise paid or satisfied by such Offender. (a) [Query u with which."']

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, or other Officer or Constable* re-Officers of the Peace shall refuse or neglect upon due Notice, or on his or their own View to be aiding "n5 to aflWL and addling in the Execution of this A A, being thereunto required, and each and every such Officer or Officers being thereof convicted upon his Confemon, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed,

shall forfeit for each and every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as here-after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who on the First Hawkers duly* Day of May was or were duly licensed to trade as Hawkers and Pedlars, to set up, occupy, use or exercise any

Craft, Mystery or Occupation, used or occupied within this Realm in any Place where they shall be resident pia('.p 0{

Inhabitants, although they shall not have been brought up in such Craft, Mystery or Occupation Seven Years deuce.

as Apprentices; and also to set any Person to work in such Craft, Mystery or Occupation, although such Person shall not have been Apprentice therein as aforesaid, any Penalty, Matter or Thing contained in an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, Sin Sid containing divers Orders for $ Eliz. c. 4.

Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry and Apprentices, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if

any such Person or their Wives or Children shall be prosecuted for using or-exercising any such Craft,

Mystery or Occupation in any City, Town or Place, and shall make it appear that they had such Licence as aforesaid, they shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found Not Guilty, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, Infor- General mation or Indictment for such Cause exhibited against him, and in all Cases where Cost9 are allowed, such Person so acquitted shall be entitled to and shall receive double Costs; and that no such Persons, their Wives Double Cofi*. or Children, during the time they shall use and exercise such Craft, Mystery or Occupation in any Patish or Place, dial 1 be removeable therefrom to his, her or their last legal Place of Settlement, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place, any Law not (a) in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. ' (a) [Query " now in being."]

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend to prohibit any Provtfo forcer-Person or Persons from felling any printed Papers licensed by Authority, or any Fish, Fruit or ViCluals, nor tain Trade*, to hinder the real Worker or Workers, or Maker or Makers of any Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her or their Children, Apprentices or known Agents or Servants, usually residing with such real Workers or Makers only, from carrying abroad or exposing to Sale, and selling by retail or otherwise, any of the said Goods, Wares or Manufactures, of his, her or their own making, in any Mart, Market or Fair, and in every City, Borough, Town Corporate and Market Town, nor any Tinkers, Coopers, Glaziers,

Plumbers, Harness Menders, or other Persons usually trading in mending Kettles, Tubs, Household Goods or Hamefs whatsoever, from goingabout and carrying with him or them proper Materials for mending the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act of a greater Sum than Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Cost9 of Suit, in any of His Majesty's rccovtrcarC ° C Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager or Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, his Heir* and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform oriue for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed does Penal ties u»w!er'not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before One of His Majesty's Justices of the aol.howtobe

Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, wherein the Offence shall be recovem1, committed, on Proof of the Offence, either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and one Moiety of every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame, and in case of Non-payment, the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal,

shall cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, or of the Goods and Chattels with which such Offender shall be found trading, and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and Expeace of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner, and shall also commit the Offender to the Prison of such County, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties, and the reasonable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied by such '

Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such Offender; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to any Charge or Complaint for any such Penalty, and to commit such Offender to Prison as aforesaid, until the hearing of such Charge or Complaint, unless he or she shall and do enter into a Recognizance before such Justice, with Two sufficient Sureties in a sufficient Sum, to be ordered by such Justice to appear at the hearing of such Charge or Complaint.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person committed to any Gaol or House of Time of Com-Correctioa for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be detained in such Gaol or House of Correction, ndunen*. foi any longer Space of Time than Throe Months.

A.D. 18xo

46 C. 41. 50° GEORGII III.

Appeal.

Form of Conviction.

Certiorari.

Justices to transmit Accounts of Cpnvi&ions, and Penalties.

To pay over Money to Clerk of the Peace, who is to remit lame.

9 & 10 W. 3. c. 27* where applicable extended to this A a.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, she or they shall or may, upon entering into a Recog* nizance with Two fumcient Sureties, to be approved by such Justice, to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which, in the Judgment of such Justice shall be adequate to the Amount of the Costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties, Forfeitures and Costs as shall be adjudged iu case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Sessions for the County, Riding or Place, (a) are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, or at their Discretion to state the Fads especially for the Determination of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench thereon; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the Court of King's Bench, to award the Person or Persons to pay such Colts occasioned by such Appeal as to than shall seem meet. (a) [Query " who1']

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following, mu tails mutandis, as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without stating the Evidence, and without alledging more than the Substance of the Offence in ail Cases wherein any such Justice of the Peace hath Power to convict by virtue of the present Act:

JgE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our

Lord at in the County of A.B. oame before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County residing near the Place where the Offence herein after mentioned was committed, and

informed me that E. F. of in the said County of [here ftt

forth the Fa3 for which the Information is laid'], whereupon the said E. F. being duly summoned to answer

the said Charge, appeared before me, (and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, acknow-

lodged and voluntarily confessed the Fasts therein stated to be true, ) but in his [or her] Defence alledged

[here felling forth the Subjlatice of the Defence] or voluntarily confessed the said Charge to be true, or did not

make any Defence against the said Charge, whereupon the fame was fully proved on the Oath of G. H. a

credible Witness, or said that he [or Hie] was nor guilty of the said Offence, whereupon the fame was fully

proved on the Oath of G. H, a credible Witness [or as the Case shall be], or did not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons, but the said Charge was fully proved 011 the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness

[or as the Case shall be], and therefore it manifestly appearing to me, that the said E. F. is guilty of the ' Offence charged in the said Information, I do hereby convict him [or her] of the said Offence, and do

adjudge that he [or (he] hath forfeited the Sum of or his [or her] Licence, and the

1 Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the Law directs

according to the Form of the Statute in such case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal ' the .'

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction upon this Act shall be removed or removeable by Writ of Certiorari or otherwise into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or any other Court, save upon an Appeal as by this Act isdirested.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Justice before whom any Person hath already been convicted of any Offence under or by virtue of any of the Acts hereby repealed, and having received for His Majesty's Use any Part or Share of any Penalty levied, inflicted or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction for which he has not already accounted, shall, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, transmit to the Commissioners for licenung Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, a Schedule or Schedules containing the Names of the Persons so convicted, the Day on which they were convicted, their respective Offences, and the respective Sums now remaining in the Hands of such Justice for His Majesty's Use, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of such Convictions, arranged according to the several Counties, Ridings or Places within which such Convictions hath been made, and every Justice before whom any such Person shall be convicted of any Offence under or by virtue of this Act, shall take and receive His Majesty's Share of the Penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction, and that every such Justice, his Executors or Administrators, shall pay or canfe to be paid all such Sums of Money as shall be remaining in his or their Hands at the time of the passing of this Act, at the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace after the passing of this Act; and all such Sums which he shall so take or receive upon any Conviction under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, at the next General Sessions of the Peace after he shall have so taken or received the fame, into the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace or other such like Officer for the County, Riding or Place, within which such Conviction shall have been made, who is hereby directed to remit the fame forthwith, without Fee or Reward, to the said Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, or to such Person or Persons as the greatest Part of them shall appoint, and that every Justice, his Executors or Administrators, shall immediately on such Payment made to any Clerk of the Peace or other such Officer, transmit a like Schedule to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they or the greater Part of them shall appoint.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever, which in and by the said Act made in the Reign of King William the Third, or by any other Law now in force relating to or concerning the Duties by that Act granted, are provided, settled or established, (othfer than so far as the fame is, are or shall be inconsistent with, or contradictory or repugnant to any thing in this Act contained, and other than in such Cases for which different Provisions are prescribed by this Act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering and paying the several Duties hereby granted, and be in force with respect to the fame, ns fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Metnods,

Penalties,

47

50° GEORGII III. C. 41, 42.

Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

[See Repeal of9 and 10 W. c. 27. ante §1. and also the second Line of \ 30. ante.J

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be Utmmoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, or the hereinbefore mentioned Act, made in the Reign of King William the Third, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or, appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sam of Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied and paid, in such manner and by such means as are herein directed as to the other Penalties.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereinbefore granted, shall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Caftiier for the time being, of the Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the fame being deducted, ) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the Duties now charged on Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen are d're&ed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept in a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund, and shall be fubie& to all the Charges to which the Duties upon Hawkers and Pedlars were liable immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXXLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prefecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter m Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass fojr the Defendant or Defendants; or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or Judgment shall be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer 5 or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action; or be non-prossed therein; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man % and for placing the fame under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England.

[2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there, with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session, to be transported to the said Island, the Duties payable to His Majesty on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into the said Isle of Man, aredireded to be raised, levied, collected,

paid and recovered under the Authority and Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and are to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and f such Part thereof as shall remain, after the liccessary Expences attending the said Government of the said Isle of Man, and the Administration of Justice there are from time to time defrayed, is reserved for the Disposition*of Parliament: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for regulating and encouraging the Trade for the Improvement of the Revenue and Prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man, certain Duties are directed to be paid on the Importation of Wine, Brandy,

Geneva, Tea, Coffee and Tobacco, in lieu of the former Duties payable on such Goods; and the said Duties are directed to be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and accounted for under the Authority and Direction, and under the Management and Controul of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, and such Part thereof as shall remain, after the necessary Expences attending the Government9of the said Isle of Many and the Administration of Justice there arc from time to time defrayed and certain9Bounties and Charges paid thereout, are to go and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and it is expedient that the Duties imposed by the said Acts should be consolidated into one Ad and levied9 and collected under the foie Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, 9 and be applied in the manner directed by the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, all and singular the Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize into the Isle of Man, shall cease and determine, save and except any such Duties as may, on the said Fifth Day of July remain unpaid, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall have been imported at any time before the said Fifth Day of July; and in lieu of the said Duties hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Sterling Money of Great Britain, upon Goods, Wares or

Merchandize

Witnesset refuting to attend or to give Evidence.

[Penalty.]

Application of Duties.

General Iffa

Treble Cofb.

7 G. 3. c. 45.

45 G. 3. «. 99*

§2.

5 3-

Duties on Goods imported into isle of Mau-to cease.

Other Dutit*

How Duties to be paid.

Former Acts Its dorce.

TTow Value of Goods taken to ascertain Duties.

Form of Declaration of Value of Goods.

In what case Goods may be fei/ed*

Flow disposed of ^pefoK Sale*

FI nr proceeds di footed of after

C. 42. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Merchandize imported and brought into the said Isle of Man* the several Duties of Customs as the same are inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A.); any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted and imposed by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure or Value of any Goods. Wares or Merchandize charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure or Value thereof, than the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure or Value particularly inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, according to the Account taken of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at the time of the Examination thereof by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize prohibited to be imported or exported from the said Isle of Man, or by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Restrictions, were made, established or directed, for the better securing the Revenue of Customs in the said Isle of Man or Great Britain, or for the regular Importation into the said Isle of Man of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the entering or landing thereof, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, (haltand are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the fame into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the said Schedule hereunto annexed, the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares or Merchandize into the Isle of Many are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this Act shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so imported, or of his known Agent or Fador, in Manner and Form following; videlicet

T An B. do hereby declare. That the Goods mentioned in this Entry, and contained in the Packages \here

A spetifying the several Pack ages y and describing the several Marks and Numbers as the Case may he], and that I am the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or, that I am duly authorized by him £as the Case may be],

and I do enter the fame at the Value of

Witness my Hand the Day of

The above Declaration signed the Day of in the Presence

of

' Collector, Comptroller or other principal Officer.* Which Declaration shall be written on the Warrant of the Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Fador, in the Presence of Two of the proper Officers of the Customs at the Port of Importation, of which the Collector shall be One, who shall certify the fame under their Hands; and such Declaration, so made and signed as hereinbefore directed, shall be to all Intents and Purposes whatever of the fame Force and Effect, and the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be in every respect bound by such Declaration, as fully and effectually as if the Value of Such Goods, Wares or Merchandize had been ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of such Importer or Proprietor.

V. And be it further enacted, That if upon View or Examination of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, it shall appear to him or them that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are not valued according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to detain such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and to cause the same to be conveyed into His Majesty's Warehouse, or otherwise properly secured at the Port of Importation, and to take such Goods, Wares or Merchandize for the Use and Benefit of the Crown, within Eight Days from the Landing thereof, and the Collector of the Customs in the Port where such Goods shall be detained with the Privity of his Comptroller, is hereby empowered to pay out of any Money in his Hands, arising from the Revenue of Customs to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Value thereof so ascertained as aforesaid, together with an Addition of Ten Paunds/>rr Centum thereon, and also the Duties paid on the Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, but without any further Allowance either on account of Freight, or any other Charge or Expence whatever; which Payment shall be made within Fifteen Days after the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been so taken; and such Payment so made to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be in full Satisfaction for the fame, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize had been regularly fold.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller to cause the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be fairly and publickly sold to the best Advantage, and in case there shall be any Overplus remaining from the Produce of such Sale, after deduding the Value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and of the Duties paid on the Importation, and also the Charges arising from the Warehousing and Sale of such Goods, the Collector and Comptroller shall and may pay One Moiety of the Overplus to the several and respective Officers of the Customs, concerned in the View and Examination of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as an Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of their Duty, and the other Moiety of such Overplus, together with the Amount of the Value of such Goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per

Centum,

Q

A.D. 1810.50° GEORGII III. C. 42.

Centum, and also of the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, shall be remitted to the Receiver General, of the Customs in England, to be applied in like manner as if the fame had been received on account of the Duties of Customs by this Act granted and imposed; but in case it shall so happen that the Produce of such Sale, after deducing the Charges ariffng from the Warehousing, Securing or Sale of such Goods, shall not exceed the Value of such Goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof, that then, and in such case, the whole Produce of the Sale of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after deducing the Charge anting from the Warehousing, Securing and Sale thereof, shall be remitted to the said Receiver General of the Customs in England, to be applied in like manner as if the fame had been received on account of Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon which Duties of Customs are hereby imposed shall be detained by anyfr Officer of the Customs on account of the tame not being valued according to the true and real Value thereof, aild according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the time being, or any Four or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction that no Fraud wai intended, to direct the Goods, to be delivered and the Entry to be amended, upon such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumstances of the case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs to be reasonable, and as they shall think tit to direct; Provided always that if the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Importer or Proprietor shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the fame; any Law, Custom or wfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties shall be paid in ready Money to the Coilcdor or Collectors of the Customs in the said Isle of Man appointed to receive the same without any Discount or Allowance whatever; and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and accounted for under the Authority and Direction, and under the Management and Controul of the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, in like Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, mud under such Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things not hereby altered, and, as far as the same are applicable, as the Duties of Customs in England are raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and mccounted for, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received under the Authority of this Act shall be, remitted to the Receiver General and Cashier of the Customs in England agreeably to such Directions as may from time to time be given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England, to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and such Part thereof as shall remain, after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said ljle of Man, and the Administration of Justice there, and all other Charges, are from time to time defrayed, shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of the Customs at the Port of Douglae in the said Isle, for the time being, shall, as soon after the Expiration of each Quarter of every Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of 0Sober respectively in each Year, as the fame can be done, make out an Account of the gross Produce of the Duties of Customs payable and arising within the said Island in the preceding Quarter, in such Form as shall be directed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the time being, and shall transmit and certify such Account to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being; and a Duplicate so certified to the Auditor for the time being of the Exchequer; and another Duplicate to the most Noble John Duke of Alholl, or to the Person entitled for the time being to any Annuity out of the Consolidated Fund, to be calculated on any Amount of such Duties under any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be made, to any Person or Persons appointed by him or them, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to receive the same; and if any such Collector of the Customs at the said Port of Douglat shall refuse or neglect to make out such Account, or to transmit such Duplicates as aforesaid, for the Space of One Month after the fame can be done, such Collector of the Customs shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* and the further Sum of Two hundred Pounds for each and every Month succeeding such First Month, for which he shall omit or neglect to make out such Account, or to fend such Duplicates so certified as aforesaid; and to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or in any Court in the said Island; and every such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of the said John Duke of Atholl, or the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to such Annuity as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept by the said Collector of the Customs at the said Port of Dcuglas, for the time being, a Book or Books in which the Duties of Customs arising and payable within the Isle of Man under this Act shall be entered separate and under distinct Heads, specifying the respective Amount of the Duties of Customs on the several Articles imported by License of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and the Amount of Duties on Goods, Wares or Merchandize not imported by License; and if any of the said Duties, or any Part or Proportion of any such Duties, shall at any time hereafter be repealed, altered or varied, then, and in such case, the average Produce of the Duties, or Proportion of Duties so repealed, altered or varied, for the Three Years preceding the Fifth Day of January immediately preceding such Repeal, Alteration or Variation of such D«tie6 as aforesaid, shall be entered distinctly and (cparately in such Book or Books as ifordaid; and if any

/o Geo. III.'H new

49

In what case Commissioners > may onier Goods to be delivered up, anil Entry amended.

Duties paid ta Collr&or, ami to be under Coininitnonec* of Cuttoins in England.

Money to !>e remitted to Receiver General.

Consolidated

Fund.

Collector to make up Accounts of Duties, and transmit to Treasury, Duplicate to Auditor, and another to Duke of Atholl.

Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Co!le<stor to keep lhoks.

50

Inr portation of Flax aiwl other Goods into [He of

Mao Duty Ixte.

Of Linen Cloth,

&c.

Of Salt, &c.

I G. 1. c. 12.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

TnhkCefb.

C. 42. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

new Duties shall be granted in lieu of any Duties so repealed, altered or varied, then, and in such case, the Duties, or such a Proportion thereof as shall be eaual to any Duties so repealed, or to such Proportions of any such Duties as shall be so altered or varied, (halt also be entered distinctly and separately in such Book or Books: Provided, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import, without Payment of any Cutlom or other Duty, into the said Isle of Man, in any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place, any Flax, Flax Seed, Raw or Brown Linen Yarn, Wood A(he», Weed Ashes, Flefli of all Sorts, and any Sort of Corn or Grain, from any Part or Place (except from Great Britain only, ) and any Quantity of Herrings not exceeding One thousand Barrels of Herrings annually for the Consumption of the Island, on Failure of the Fishery carried on upon the Coast thereof; the said Herrings being imported by virtue and in ptlrfuance of License granted for that Purpose by the House of Keys in the said Island.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to import into the Isle of Man in British Vessels navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of White or Brown Linen Cloth, ana Hemp or Hemp Seed, being the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, Horses and Black Cattle, all Utensils and In liniments fit and itecessary to be employed in Manufactures, Fisheries or Agriculture, Bricks and Tiles, all Sorts of young Trees, Sea Shells, Lime and Soapers* Waste, Pack Thread, and small Cordage for Nets, without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatsoever for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to import into the said Isle of Man in British Vessels navigated according to Law, from any Port or rlace in Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatsoever^ any Sort of Salt, Boards, Timber and Hoops, being the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, Iron in Rods or Bars, Cotton, Indigo, Naval Stores and any Sort of Wood, commonly called Lumber (as specified in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores; and for other Purposes therein mentioned), of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and all other Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said Colonies or Plantations for which any Bounty or Premium is allowed by Law on the Importation thereof into Great Britain; provided that due Entries shall be made of the Goods hereinbefore mentioned, which are allowed to be imported into the said Isle of Man, Duty-free, at the Custom House for the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, expressing the Quantity and Qualities of such Goods in the usual manner, before landing thereof, and the same shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs for that Purpose 5 on Failure whereof the said Goods shall be charged with the Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum ad Valorem; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the speejal Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared 5 or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into the Isle of Man of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described.

Coals, from Great Britain or Ireland, per Chaldron, Winchester Measure Coffee, from Great Britain, under any Licence from the Commissionera of the Customs in England or Scotland, for every lb. Weight [45 G. 3. c. 99.

Deal Boards, from Foreign Parts, for every ^100 of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45. and 20 G. 3. c. 42.] -

Hemp, the like -

Hops, from Great Britain, for every lb. Weight [45 G. 3. c. 99.

Iron, from Foreign Parts, for every £100 of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45* and 20 G. 3.

c. 420.

Spirits, viz. Foreign Brandy, imported from any Port or Place whatever, under any Licence from the Commissioners of Customs in England or Scotland, the Gallon £45 G. 3. c. 99. J -

- Foreign Geneva, imported from any Port or Place whatever, under any Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs io England or Scotland, the Gallon '[45 G* 3* c. 99.] '

£. s. d. oog

004

10 o a 10 o o o o ij

10 O Q

0 3 0

o 30 Spirits*

5q* GEORGII III.

51

C. 42, 43*

Spirits, Foreign Rum, the like --

N.B. Omitted in 45 G. 3. c. 99. Former Acts 7 G. 3. c. 45. 20 G. 3. c. 42. and 21 G. 3. c. 28.

Tea, viz. Bohea Tea, the like, for every lb. Weight [45 G. 3. c. 99.

- Green Tea, the like [45 G. 3. c. 99.

Tobacco, the like [45 G. 3. c. 99.

Timber from Foreign Parts, for every jffioo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45. and 20 G. 3.

c. 42.] -

Wine, viz. French Wine imported from any Port or Place whatever, under any Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, the Tun containing 252 Gallons [45 G. 3. c. 99.

- of any other Sort so imported under Licence, the Tun containing 252 Gallons [4S G. 3. c. 90.] -

Goods, Waies and Merchandize not hereinbefore particularly enumerated, which are or may be entitled to any Bounty or Drawback of Excise in Great Britain, and which shall be imported from thence, for every jGioo of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45.

- * — not hereinbefore charged with Duty, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, for every £100 of the Value thereof [7 G. 3. c. 45.

- not hereinbefore charged with Duty, imported from any Port

or Place from whence such Goods may lawfully be imported into the Isle of Man [7G. 3. C. 45.J

£. s. d.

0 2 0

0*0 6

0 1 0

0 0 6

10 0 0

16 0 at

12 0 0

5 0 0

t 10 0

*5 0 0

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair, Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

[2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*9W An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to he ifftud and applied9towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the E?: fence of making and keeping in Repair9 Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland: And whereas various Grants of Money have been nnce9made and issued to the Commissioners therein named, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas many9 Roads and Bridges have been made and built pursuant to the said recited Act, and others are in the course

of being made and built: and it is further necessary to provide effectual and adequate means for maintaining

and keeping the fame in perpetual Repair May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That k shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply in any County within which any Road or Bridge has already been made or built pursuant to the said recited Act, to settle and determine either at the next annual Meeting after the passing of this Act, at which they shall assemble to assess the Land Tax, or at such Annual Meeting in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, what Part or District, Parts or Dill rifts of the County shall bear or defray the Expence of maintaining and keeping each such Road or Bridge in Repair, and where any Road or Bridge shall be made or built pursuant to the said recited Act, in any County after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of such County, at some Annual Meeting at which they shall assemble, to assess the Land Tax, which mall be held within Two Years after such Road or Bridge shall be completed, to settle and determine what Part or District, Parts or Districts of the County shall bear and defray the Expence of maintaining and keeping such Road or Bridge in repair: Provided, that after any such Determination shall have been once made, the same shall not be altered: And provided also, that if the said CommissionerB of Supply shall not so settle and determine the Part or District, Parts or Districts of the County by which such Road or Bridge is to be maintained and kept in repair, the same shall be maintained and kept in repair at the Expence of the County at large.

II. Provided further, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any such Determination of the said Commissioners of Supply, it shall and may be lawful for any such Person or Persons, within Three Months after any such Determination, to appeal against the same to either Division of the Court of SelHon, and the Decision of such Division thereupon shall be final and conclusive without being subject to any further Review whatever: Provided lievertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any such Person or Persons, if they think proper to appeal in the first instance to the Sheriff of the County, whole Sentence may be brought under the Review of either Division of the Court of Session, and the Decision of such Division thereupon shall be final and conclusive as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of every County in which any Road or Bridge shall have been or shall be made or built pursuant to the said recited Act, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to order and direct every such Road or Bridge to be placed under the Superintendance herein after prescribed; and a Report of the State thereof, with an Estimate of the Expence required for maintaining and keeping the fame in Repair for the succeeding Year, to be laid before them at each annual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax.

H 2 IV. And

43 G. 3. c. so.

In what case (omraiflioner* of Supply to determine what District shall bear, Expence of Repair*.

Appeal.

[Proviso.]

State of Roads,

Estimate of Expence, &c. te be laid before Couuui&onejf

5-2

AflWTrowton laiwd Owner*.

Oolleflor of Ltnd Tax to levy Assessment.

Assessment to he j>aul into a Bank, t Sic.

O»l, e<stor keeping Money in hand, &. c.'

[Penalty.]

Collector may retain Allowance.

Committee of

Superinteu-

dance.

To report annually.-Boa da and Bridget surveyed.

Appointment of Officer*.

Commissioners of Supply nc-gleeting Repairs.

Bemrdy.

C. 43. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 181cx

IV. And be it enacted, That at such annual Meeting such Commissioners of Supply (hill make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor, Liferenterx>r proper Wadfetter of Land enjoying the dominium utile thereof in any such County, or Part or District, or Parts or Diilrivts of such Coun.y, as the case may be, r^teably and proportionably, according to the Amdunt of their respective valued Rents, for such Sum and Sums of Money as from such Reports and Eflunates shall appear to be necessary for maintaining and keeping every such Road and Bridge in repair: Provided always, that such Assessment shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of One Shilling Sterling in the Pound Scots of valued Rent.

V. And be it enacted, that every Inch Assessment shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax of the County within which it shall have been made, in the same manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at such time or times as such Commissioners of Supply shall direct; and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of every such Assessment which are given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax: Provided always, that every such Colleger shall find Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Monies to be recovered by him pursuant to this A A, in the same manner that such Collector does for his faithful and true accounting and paying all Sums of Money received by him as Collector of the Land Tax.

VI. And be it enacted, That every such Coll£for shall, from time to time, pay all Sums of Money received by him pursuant to this Act\ into the Hands of such Bank or Banking Company as the said Commissioners of Supply shall as they are hereby required to direct, f upon an Account to be opened for the Purposes of this Assessment, at such Rate of Interetl as dia l be allowed by such Banking Company, which Inteteft, so allowed, shall be applied with the said Assessment for the Purposes of this Act; and if any such Collector of the Land Tax shall at any time keep in his Hands for the Space of more than Fourteen Days a larger Sum than Twenty Pounds Sterling of Money received by him pursuant to this Act, or thill fail to render an Account thereof when required, such Collector Avail, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds Sterling, besides the Interest which might have been received from the said Banking Company had the said Money been duly depositeJ in Terms of this Act, to be recovered with Expences of Process, by way of Summary Complaint at the Instanee of any Heritor in any such County, before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said County; One Half of which Sum shall go to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to the Person or Persons suing for the same.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Collector may retain for his own Use out of all Monies to be so received as aforesaid, such Allowance as such Commissioners of Supply shall think a reasonable Remuneration for his Trouble not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made to him for levying the Land Tax, and for which Allowance Provision shall be made in the Amount of each Assessment directed to be made pursuant to this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply to appoint a Committee confiding of any Three or more of their Number, to superintend the maintaining and keeping in repair any such Road or Bridge, or Roads or Bridges, and which Committee of Superintendance shall be empowered by such Commissioners to draw upon the Banking Company with whom the Money arising from any such Assessment shall have been lodged as aforesaid, for the Money requisite for maintaining and repairing the Road or Bridge, or the Roads or Bridges, the Superintendance of which shall have been committed to their Charge, to such extent, in such manner, and subject to such Conditions, Rules and Regulations, as such Commissioners of Supply shall, born time to time, think proper to prefenbe.

IX. And be it enacted, That every such Committee of Superintendance shall lay a Report of their Proceedings each Year before the annual Meeting of such Commissioners assembled to afle's the Land Tax.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply to order any such Road or Bridge to be surveyed as often as it shall appear necessary, by any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, and to fcrder a Report of the State thereof, with or without an Estimate of the Expence required for maintaining and keeping the fame in Repair, to be laid before them at the said annual Meeting, and if necessary, to mak? a further Assessment, and to give such Orders and Directions thereupon as the Circumstancea of the case may require.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply at the annual Meeting aforesaid to appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, and such Officers as they shall think necessary for the due Execution of this A£, with such Salaries or Allowances as such Commissioners of Supply shall think fit, for which Provision shall be made in the Amount of each Assessment made pursuant to this Act; and from time to time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see occasion, and to appoint others in cases of Removal, Resignation or Death.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any such Road or Bridge shall not be maintained and kept in proper Rpair, ti shall be lawful for any Heritor possessing the dominium utile of Lands to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in any such County, or any Five or more Heritors in any adjoining County, possessi ig each the dominium utile of Lands to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to apply by summary Petition and Complaint, Hating the Circumstances, to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of any such County, or to the Court of Session, which Petition and Complaint shall be served upon the Clerk of Supply and the Convener of such County, in the manner in which summary Complaints are ordered to be served by Sheriffs in Scotland, or by the Court of Session, if the Complaint shall be presented to that Court; and such Sheriff or Court shall thereafter, on advising the said Complaint, with or without Answers, proceed to ascertain the State of such Road or Bridge, and the Amount of the Sum required to repair the fame, and shall be and the said Sheriff or Court of Session are hereby authorized and empowered to

5f.decern'

53-

50° GEORGII III. C. 43, 44*

decern against the Commissioners of the said County, in proportion to their valued Rents, for the Sum which shall he judged necessary for repairing the said Road or Bridge, with Expence of Process.

XIII. And be it enacted, That an Assessment in the manner directod by this Act shall thereupon be made by the CommifTicners of Supply upon the County or the Part or D; flri6l, Parts or Distri6ts thereof, liable to maintain such Road or Bridge in repair, as the case may be, for the Amount of the Sums so decerned frm, either at their said next annual Meeting, or at a Meeting to be called for this special Purpose, upon Advertisement published in at least One Newspaper printed or circulated in the County at lead Fourteen Days before such special Meeting, and every such A ff (Tment shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax, and when levied and recovered shall be deposited with a Banking Company in the manner in which the aforesaid Assessment directed by this Act is ordered to be levied and recovered and deposited; and all the Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures hereby given and granted for levying recovering and depositing the aforesaid Assessment directed by this Act, are hereby given and granted, and directed to be enforced for the levying, recovering at d depositing such Assessment for such Sums so decerned for.

XIV. And be it enacted, That where any Bridge which shall have been or may be built pursuant to the said recited Act, shall be situated partly in One County and partly in another, every such Bridge shall be placed under the Superintendance directed by this Act of the Committee of each County wherein the fame is situated, and the same shall be maintained and kept in repair in the manner directed by this Act, at the joint Expence of such Connties.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where, by any Act or Acts already made or hereafter to be made, any Toll Duties shall be applicable, or where any Converfl jns for Statute Labour shall be allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge made or built pursuant to the said recited Act, all Monies arising from such Tolls and Duties or such Convcrfions shall and may he applied in the manner in which such Monies are directed to be applied by any such Act or Acts respectively 5 and in making any Assessment pursuant to this A6i, regard shall be had to all such Monies which are or may be applicable to the Repair of any Road or Bridge for which any such Assessment is to be made.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excite in Scotland under certain restrictions. .' [2d June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide fora 49 G.3. e. g&-

Vf durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise under certain ReJlriGions: And whereas,

the Allowance of Superannuation thereby made, was provided only for the Officers of Excise in England;

but it is expedient to make a similar Provision for an Allowance of superannuation to the Officers of Excise

in Scotland d May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ena£L*d by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Allowance by passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, Treasury to ui-or any Three or more of them for the time being, by Warrant under their Hands to grant and allow out of p?rannuated the Revenue of Excise of Scotland, to any Officer or other Person who shall have been employed in the said Officers. Revenue for and during the Space of Ten Years at the least, and who shall by Age or Infirmity hive become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a Penuon, Annuity or yearly Payment

not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the Average annual Amount of the Salary which shall have been received by such Officer or other Person during the whole Period of Seven Years preceding the Resignation of such Officer or other Person.

II. Provided always, and be it further ena£Ld, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords And to Officers Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to grant and &<* incapable by allow, out of the said Revenue of Excise, to any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, who, by Accident ' cc, (lentfl* met with in the Execution of his Duty, shall be rendered totally incapable of performing the fame, notwithstanding such Officer or other Person may not have been employed in the Revenue of Excise the full time before mentioned, a Pension, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding Three Fourth Parts of the annual Amount of the yearly Salary a6lually received by or payable to such Officer or other Person, at the time when such Officer or other Person shall have met with the Accident, by which he shall have been so rendered incapable of executing or performing his Duty: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be Conditions of deemed or construed to extend to authorize or empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury Allowances, to grant or allow any Pension, Annuity or yearly Payment out of the Revenue of Excise to any Officer or other Person whatever under the Rank of a Commissioner of Excise, until it shall have been certified to the said Lords Commissioners under the Hands of the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the time being, that such Officer or other Person claiming or soliciting any such Pension, Annuity or yearly Payment as aforesaid, on the Ground of Age or Infirmity, is from Age or Infirmity become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duty of such his Office or Station, and that he has been employed in the Service* of the said Revenue at least Ten Years, and what yearly Salary such Officer or other Person shall have received for and during the preceding Seven Years, and that such OTTk r or other Person had, during his Employment, supported the Character of having faithfully discharged the Duties of his Office or Station, or, in case of Accident as aforesaid, that such Officer or other Person has been by such Accident rendered totally unable to, execute or perform the Duty of such his Office or Station; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP.

Assessment to hr

mule for Stun necessary.

How Bridget situate in Two Comities maintained.

Applratioiv.

ToiL.

-54*;

Bcromty to Retailer of Spirit* selling Beer.

Accevnt signed by Brewer to be delivered io Officer.

Oath*

Quantity of Spirit* fold how determined.

3Ut»'Jer refilling to be examined.

Certificate.

Bounty.

In what case CollectoT may .idiife Certificate.

C. 45, 46. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

[2d June 1810.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for encouraging the Consumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to encourage the Consumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever it shall be made appear in manner herein after mentioned, that any Person in Ireland licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, has sold by Retail within the Quarter of a Year preceding, in or at the House or Houses wherein such Persons shall have been so licensed, Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, (bought by him at a Price not less than Thirty Shillings for every Barrel containing Forty two Gallons over and above all Allowances and Deductions whatever) in the Proportion of not less than One such Barrel of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, for every Four Gallons of Spirituous Liquors fold therein or therefrom during such Quarter of a Year, every such Retailer shall be entitled to and shall receive in manner herein after mentioned, a Bounty after the Rate of Three Shillings and Four pence for every such Barrel of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter so sold by Retail as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That every licensed Retailer who shall claim any Bounty for the Sale of Beer, Ale or Porter, under this Act, shall within Seven Days after the respective Quarters ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and also within Seven Days after the respective Quarters ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March % the twenty fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of December, in each and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, deliver to the Officer keeping an Account of the Stock of such Retailer, to be by him delivered over to the Collector of the District, an Account signed by each Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively from whom such Retailer shall have purchased any Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, which shall have been sent into the Stock of such Retailer in the Course of such Quarter; and every such Account shall specify the Quantity and Price over and above all Allowances and Deductions of all such Beer, Ale or Porter, and the several Kinds thereof fold and delivered by any and every such Brewer or other Person to such Retailer, and the Date when every Barrel or other Vessel containing the fame was so delivered; and every such Retailer shall at the same time deliver to such Officer an Account dating the Quantity of such Beer, Ale or Porter, and of Spirituous Liquors sold by Retail by such Retailer within such Quarter, and the Stock thereof remaining unfold on the last Day of such Quarter, the Truth of all or any of which several Accounts shall, if required by the Collector of Excise, be verified by the Affidavit or Examination upon Oath of such Brewers or Sellers of Beer and by such Retailers respectively, which Oath every such Collector is hereby authorized to administer.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of the Stock of Spirituous Liquors, Beer, Ale and Porter contained in any House, Warehouse, Shop or other Place of any such Retailer, to examine, as often as he shall deem it necessary, the Stock of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, and the Stock of Spirits belonging to such Retailer, and the Increase and Decrease, and the Quantities 'thereof; and such Officer shall, at the time when he shall deliver to the Collector the Accounts received by him as aforesaid from any Retailer, deliver also to such Collector an Account of all Spirits which he shall have entered as received by such Retailer during the Quarter, with the Stock remaining on Hand; and the Decrease which shall appear in such Spirits during the Quarter, upon deducting the Quantity in Stock at the End of such Quarter from the total Amount of the Stock at the Commencement thereof, and of Spirits received during the Quarter, shall be considered to be the Quantity of Spirits sold by Retail during such Quarter, and the Collector shall proceed without any unnecessary Delay, after ascertaining the Quantities of Spirits fold, to determine the Proportion which the Strong Beer, Ale or Porter bears to the Spirits fold within such Quarter; and if on such Determination it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits fold in any such Quarter shall exceed the Proportion of Four Gallons of Spirits to every Barrel containing Forty two Gallons of Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, or if the Stock of Spirits included in such Account, shall not appear to have been or to be fully and fairly protested by legal Permit or Certificate, or if any such Retailer shall refuse to be examined upon Oath by such Collector in manner herein enacted, such Retailer shall not be entitled to receive the Bounty aforesaid; but if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits so fold shall not exceed such Proportions aforesaid, and the whole of such Spirits shall be so protested, such Collector shall give to such Retailer a Certificate under his Hand of the Amount of the Spirituous Liquors, Strong Beer, Ale and Porter so sold by Retail "by such Retailer within the Quarter preceding, ending on the Days respectively before mentioned, and of the Amount of Bounty payable after the Rate of Three shillings and Four pence per Barrel to such Retailer by virtue of this Act: and upon the Production of such Certificate to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby required, in case they shall be satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, forthwith to pay or cause to be paid, out of any Revenues under their Management, such Bounty to such Retailer or to any Person whom -such Retailer shall by Indorsement on such Certificate authorize to receive the same.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Collector shall fee cause to suspect that more Spirits have been sold by Retail by any such Retailer than shall appear by such Accounts, or that such Retailer has included in his Accounts any Beer not sold by him by Retail, or sold by him otherwise than by Retail, it

shall

50° GEORGII III. C. 46, 47.

shall be lawful for such Collector to make such Enquiries as to the fame, as such Collector shall think fit and proper, and to satisfy himself of the Truth of such Enquiries by the Oath of such Retailerr or by the Oath or Oaths of any other Person or Persons; and if ffich Collector shall be satisfied that Spirits have been sold by such Retailer in a greater Proportion than Four Gallons of Spirits for every Barrel of Beer, or that anr Beer included in the Account of Inch Retailer was not sold by him by Retail, or was sold by him otherwise than by Retail, it shall be lawful for such Collector and he is hereby required to refuse to grant any Certificate to such Retailer, and such Retailer shall not be entitled to any Bounty under this Act;

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, from time to time to make such further and other Rules, Orders and Regulations with respect to the Payment of the Bounties by this Act given, and for the preventing of Frauds in the obtaining thereof, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall think fitting and expedient: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders and Regulations shall be approved of by the Lord High Treasurrr of Ireland, or any Three of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Higlr Treasurer for the time being; and all such Rules, Orders and Regulations, when so made and approved, shall be obeyed and complied with by all Persons claiming such Bounties, and that no such Bounties shall be paid to any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to comply with such Rules, Orders and Regulations, when so made and approved in manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer for Sale, in Ireland, shall, within Twenty one Days after the Quarter ending on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and in like manner within Twenty one Days next after the Quarter ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September, and the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and within Twenty one Days after the like Quarter Days in each and every Year after the passing of this Act, make out and deliver at the Excise Office of the District within which such Brewer shall be licensed, a full and true Account in such Form as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and ^axes, in Ireland, dating the total Quantity of Strong Beer, Ale, Porter and Small Beer respectively fold Within the Quarter preceding ending on each of the Days aforesaid by such Brewer, and delivered or consignecLto each and every Person whatsoever in Ireland, or for Exportation, to whom such Brewer or other Person shall have fold strong Beer, Ale, Porter or Small Beer within such Quarter, distinguishing the Names, Places of Residence, Trade and Profession of every Person to whom such Beer shall have been so fold and delivered or consigned, the Price of all such Beer, Ale and Porter respectively which shall have been sold to Retailers; and if such Persons to whom such Beer shall be so fold shall live m any City or Town in Ireland^ the Street, Square, Lane or Place in which such Person shall reside, and such Brewer, or some Clerk or Manager of such Brewer to be appointed by him for that Purpose, shall make Oath or Affirmation (in case of a known Quaker) to the Truth of every such Account, before the Collector of Excise of the said District, if thereunto required by such Collector; and if any such Accounts shall not be delivered within the said Space of Twenty one Days after the End of any Quarter ending on the Days before mentioned, or shall not be sworn or affirmed to, if required, the Brewer by whom or on whose Behalf, such Account ought to have been delivered or sworn, or affirmed to as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Slim of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that whenever any such Brewer shall appoint any Clerk or Manager to make any such Oath or Affirmation, such Appointment shall be in Writing and signed by such Brewer, and delivered to the Collector of Excise of the Dili rid, and no Clerk or Manager of such Brewer not so appointed shall be admitted to make any such Oath or Affirmation; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall in any Affidavit or Affirmation required to be made by this Act swear or affirm falsely, every such Person shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties of Perjury according to the Laws in force in Ireland, and shall also forfeit all such Bounty and Bounties, and Sum and Sums of Money, as such Person or Persons would have been entitled unto in consequence of any such Affidavit or Affirmation, in case the fame had been true.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to extend and amend the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtors, detained in Prison in Ireland.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His present*W Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtors detained in Prison, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That a Prisoner arrested on Mesne Process, in order to obtain the Benefit of said Act, mull, before the End of the first Term which shall be next after any such Prisoner shall be committed under Mesne Process, exhibit his Petition for Relief: And whereas it is reasonable that every detaining Creditor or Creditors* Debts or Demands should be ascertained by Verdict or Judgment before a 4 Prisoner shall be obliged to give up his Property under the Provisions of said Act: And whereas Plaintiffs are not obliged by the Law or the Practice of the Courts in Ireland, cither to file Declarations againffc Persons in Prison there on Mesne Process at their Suit, or to proceed to Trial or Judgment at any determinate time, unless compelled by such Prisoners to declare or go to Trial at considerable Expences to such Prisoners;

4 by reason whereof and of their Inability to defray the fame, many Prisoners have remained forfeveral Years confined under Mesne Process only; And whereas Prisoners confined for Debt in Ireland are obliged to

6*defend

55

ConmifHonfeV

may make Regulations respecting Bounty.

Brewer* to deliver Quarterly Returns of B.« sold by them.

Oath, i

Time of Delivery*

Penalty,

Perjury.

07 G. 3.

(I.) c. OS. § W

S6

*4 G. a. t. as.

87 G. 3. (T.) <.36.^1. rc-pealod.

Within what lime Declarations to be delivered j

«nd Trial had.

Charging Pn-tfoners in Execution.

Application for Maintenance.

Debts not to exceed 5001.

When Prisoners mav < Mtion for Difduirge.

Ol.j options to Disc barge how made.

Weekly Allowance to Prisoners «ncreased.

C. 46..50° GEORGII . III. A.D. 1810.

defend by Attorney, when Prisoners confined for Debt in England may defend in Person: And whereaf

there are no Liberties or Day Rules allowed to Prisoners confined for Debt in the Four Courts Marshalsea

Prison in Dublin, similar to thbfe enjoyed by Prisoners confined for Debt in the King's Bench and Fleet

Prisonsin England : And whereas it is expedient to extend and afiimilate the said Act to the Act commonly called the Lords A8, in England, as also the Law, Practice and Liberties, in regard to Prisoners confined for Debt in Ireland, with the Law, Practice and Liberties, in respect to Persons confined for Debt in England, in the Matters aforesaid, which if adopted may in a great Measure supersede the Necessity of frequent Insolvent Acts for Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act for Relief and Maintenance of Insolvent Debtors, as limits Prisoners confined on Mesne Process to exhibit their Petition for Relief before the End of the first Term which shall be next after any such Prisoner shall be committed under Mesne Process, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases where a Debtor is or shall be arrested, detained or charged in Custody by Mesne Process issuing out of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer ill Ireland, and the Plaintiff shall negledi to cause a Declaration agaiiA such Debtor to be delivered to such Debtor or to the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, or his Deputy, or to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaol or Prison where such Debtor is or shall be detained or charged in Custody, within Eight Days of the next Term after the Return of the Process by virtue whereof such Debtor is or shall be taken, detained or charged in Custody, or within Twenty one Days after the passing of this Act, such Debtor shall be discharged out of Custody by Order of the said Court, or a Judge of the said Court out of which said Process issued; and in case of a Commitment or Surrender to the Marftial in discharge of Bail after the Return of the Process and before a Declaration to be delivered as aforesaid, unless a Declaiation be delivered to such Debtor within the first Eight Days of the Term next after such Commitment or Surrender shall be made, such Debtor shall be discharged out of Custody in manner aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That in all cases where a Declaration shall be filed against such Debtor in manner aforesaid, such Debtor shall be discharged out of Custody by Order of the Court out of which such Process issued, or by Order of a Judge of the said Court, unless the Plaintiff shall proceed to Trial or Judgment before the End of the first Eight Days of the Third Term after such Declaration shall be delivered, the Term in which such Declaration shall be delivered to be counted as one; but in case the Venue shall be laid in the County of the City of Dublin, or the County of Dublin, that then, and in that case, the Plaintiff shall proceed to Trial or Judgment within the Term next after the Delivery of such Declaration or in the Sittings after such Term: otherwise that such Prisoner shall be discharged in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Plaintiff has obtained a Verdict or Judgment against any Prisoner, such Plaintiff shall charge such Prisoner in Execution within the First Eight Days of the next Term after the obtaining such Verdict or Judgment; and in case of Failure in so doing such Prisoner shall be discharged in manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Prisoner charged in Execution may, before the End of the first Term which shall be next after such Prisoner shall be charged in Execution, exhibit a Petition to any Court of Law from which such Process issued, or by the Authority of which such Prisoner may have been removed by Habeas Corpus into the Custody of the Marftial of the Four Courts Marshalsea, for the Benefit of the said Maintenance Act; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided the Amount of his or her Debt6 for which he or she shall be detained in Custody shall not exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Prisoner who shall be charged in Execution in any Prison or Gaol in Ireland, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and who shall be willing to satisfy their respective Creditors as in and by the said Act is directed, may, before the End of the Term which shall be next after any such Prisoner shall be charged in Execution, or within Twenty Days after the passing of this A A, exhibit his or her Petition to the Court out of which such Process issued, or by the Authority of which such Prisoner may have been removed by Habeas Corpus, into the Custody of the Marftial of the Four Courts Marshalsea, or rendered in discharge of his or her Bail for the Benefit of the said Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objections against the obtaining the Benefit of this Act, shall be proved by the Testimony upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, besides the Testimony upon Oath of the Person or Persons making such Objections, 4or other legal Proof or Evidence admissible in a Court of L^w 5 and that no Person, except a detaining Creditor, or such Person or Persons as have commenced their Action or Actions against a Prisoner previous to the making such Objections, shall be permitted to oppose the Discharge of any Prisoner seeking Relief under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Prisoner shall be remanded at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay such Prisoner the Weekly Sum of Three Shillings and Ten pence for his or her Maintenance, instead of she Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence allowed by the said Act, and under the fame Terms, Conditions and Clauses, as are in and by the said Act directed, in regard to the Payment of Two Shillings and Four pence a Week therein mentioned; and also that the said Sum of Three Shillings and Ten pence shall be paid to every such' Prison-r, before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock on the Monday of each Week, or in failure thereof the Marftial of the Four Courts Marshalsea, and any One Alderman or other Justice of the Peace for the City 4>f Dublin, on Affidavit of the Deputy Marftial or Henchman belonging to said Marshalsea, which Oath

every

A.D. 1810. 50" GEORGII III. C. 47, 48.

Trery such Alderman of Justice is hereby empowered and required to adminrifter, of the Neglect or Failure xjf the Payment of the said Weekly Sum, shall and is hereby required to discharge the said Prisoner 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Creditor causing a Prisoner to be remanded on merely an Undertaking to pay the said Weekly Sum, shall have Power to detain the"Taid Prisoner in Confinement longer than Three Terms, but that the said Prisoner may, on the lall Day of the said Term that such Maintenance shall have been paid to hinj or her, produce to the Court from whence he or she shall have been committed, a Certificate of his or her having been detained by the Payment of the said Weekly Sum, figiud (and verified on Oath if required) by the Marshal or his Deputy, and be discharged by the Court from fame.

X. And whereas Prisoners are often remanded at the In (lance of Attoruies employed against them, alledging that the Plaintiffs live in a remote Part of the Kingdom, and that they had not time to

communicate with said Plaintiffs Be it therefore enacted, That in all such cases where the Court shall think fit to remand the Prisoner, the said Attorney shall deposit with the Marshal a Sum of Money sufficient to pay the Prisoner One Shilling per Day for his or her Maintenance, until he or she shall be again brought tip to receive the Judgment or Decihon of the said Court.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing in this Act shall be cooflrued to extend to the Release or Discharge of any Attofniesor Servants embezzling Money, except where any such Peifou shall have been confined in rrifon Ten Years.

XII. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempts,

for not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for nut paying of Colls duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon the

Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo or other Process for or grounded on the Non-payment of Money, Cods or Expences, in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt to such Court relating thereto; it is hereby declared and enabled, That all such Persons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, in like manner as herein is expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Prisoner coufined for Debt iu Ireland, may plead and defend in his proper Person without Attorney.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Debtor shall have neglected to take the Benefit of the said Act within the time limited by the said Act, and shall make it appear to the Cornt out of which such Execution issued, that such Neglect arole from Ignorance or Mistake, such Debtor shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, as if he or (hr had petitioned for the Benefit of the said Act within the time by the said Act limited; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons in Ireland shall and theyare 'hereby directed and required to give notice of this Act to all Prisoners in their Custody for Debt, within Three Days after such Prisoners shall have been respectively committed or charged in Execution 5 and if any Gaoler or Keeper of a Prison In Ireland shall neglect to give such Notice, he shall forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the fame, the Sum of Fifty rounds, to be recovered by him or her by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland; and in every such Action the Proof shall lie on the Person against whom the same shall be brought; Provided nevertheless that such Action shall be brought within Twelve Calendar Months after the Caule of Action incurred.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to repeal Three Acts, made in the Twenty eighth, Thirtieth and Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and to enact other Regulations for carrying the Objects of the said Acts into Effect.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages;

And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter, explain and amend an Act, mailt in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof; And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty

sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter and amend two Acts made in the Twenty eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and regulating the Conduct of the Drivers thereof: And whereas the Regulations and Penalties established and nnposed by the said recited Acts have proved insufficient to f anfvrer the tifeful and important Purposes thereby intended; and it is expedient to repeal the fame, and to enact other Provisions and Regulations for carrying the Objects of the said Acts into Effect May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said several Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Coach, Berlin, Laadati, Chariot, Diligence, Calash, Chaise Marine, or other Carriage with Four dr more Wheels, by what Name ioever the fame is or shall hereafter be called or known, to be employed as a publicly Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengeri for Hire to and from'different Places in Great Britain, and drawn by 50 Geo. III. I Four

57

Confinement of

\ rifoners receiving Weekly* Allowance.

Allowance to

Prisoners remanded on Application of Att* UJTniea.

Attornies kc. cmbezriii

Prisoners for Contempt.

JYifoners may defend in Person.

Prisoners not having taken Benefit of recited Act.

Gaolers to inform I'rifoocr* of Act.*'

Penally.

Limitation of Action.

29 G. r, c. sj. <3o G. S. c.iHs.

46 G.s. c. r3*.

repealed.

Number of Ouv side Paflengcn,

to- ,

[Proviso.]

L ing Coaches.

PanaUits.

Children.

Outside Fasten-gers filling inlidp.

Front.

Height and Bearing of Coach.

[Penalty.]

Luggage exceeding a certain Height.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

PaflengeTS fitting on Packages.

[Penalty.]

Place for Luggage separate.

Measuring

Luggage.

[Penalty.]

Height of Luggage proportional.

Number of Paffengera permitted

C. 48. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Four or more Horses, shall be allowed to carry Ten Outside Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachmaq, but including the Guard, where there is a Guard with such Coach or other Carriage; and that One Passenger and no more (halt be allowed to fit upon the Box with the Coachman, and Three of such Passengers on the Front of the Roof, and the remaining Six behind, in the manner the moil safe and convenient for the said Passengers; Provided always, that no such Passenger or Passengers shall be allowed to fit on the Luggage, ojr that Part of the Roof allotted for the fame; and that all Stage Coaches or other Carriages above described* drawn by Two or Three Horses, shall be allowed Five Outside Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachman; and Chat all Stage Coaches called Long Coaches or Double-bodled, Coaches, shall be permitted to carry Eight Outside Passengers and no more, exclusive of the Coachman, but including the Guard, wherp there is a Guard with such Coach, under such Fines or Penalties as are by this Act impoied, in Cases where more Outside Passengers are carried than are allowed by this Act; such Fines and Penalties to be imposed and levied upon the Owner4 or Proprietor, or the Owners or Proprietors of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, or any One or more of them, or any Person driving the fame, in the manner after mentioned: Provided always, that no Child in the Lap, or under Seven Years of Age, shall be included in or counted as One of such Number, unless there shall be more than One j and if more than One, that Two of such Children shall be accounted equal to One grown Person, and so on in the same Proportion 5 and that no Person paying as an Outside Passenger shall be permitted to fit or remain as an Inside Passenger, unless with the Consent of One of the Inside Passengers at the lead conveyed by such Coach or other Carriage, and next to whom such Outside Passenger shall be placed: and provided also, that where such Coach or other Carriage is of a Couftrudiion peculiarly wide or commodious, and being so found shall be duly licensed for that Purpose, Four Outside Taffengers instead of Three shall be allowed to fit on the Front of such Coach or other Carriage: Provided always, that the Number of Outside Passengers shall not exceed Ten in all.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any Coach or other Carriage above described, going or travelling for Hire, to permit or suffer in any manner or way any Luggage to be carried on the Roof of any such Coach or other Carriage, or any Person to ride or go as an Outside Passenger cn or about the Outside of any such Coach or other Carriage, the Top of which shall be more than Eight Feet Nine Inches from the Ground, or the Bearing of which on the Ground shall be less than Four Feet Six Inches from the Centre of the Track of the Right or Off Wheel, to the Centre of the Track of the Left or Near Wheel, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as any Penalty for more Outside Passengers than are allowed by this Act can be recovered and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful For any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described* going or travelling for Hire, to carry or permit or suffer any Parcel or Parcels, or Luggage whatever, exceeding Two Feet in Height, to be conveyed on the Roof of any such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, drawn by Four or more Horses; and where Carriages arc drawn by Two or Three Horses, then such Luggage not to exceed Eighteen Inches above the Roof; and every such Driver so offending, and any Owner or Proprietor of any such Coach or other Carriage, where such Driver is not known or cannot be found, being convicted of such Offence, either by his or her own Confession, the View of a Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, or the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where any Offence shall be committed, (which Oath every such Justice or other Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Inch above the Space of Two Feet or of Eighteen Inches respectively above allowed 5 and in case the Driver so offending shall be the Owner of such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for ev£ry Inch above the Spaces respectively above allowed; and in default of Payment of the/aid Penalties respectively, the Person and Persons so offending shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Ccrredtion of the County, Riding, City* Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall have beep committed, thereto remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Two Months, unless such Penalties shall be sooner paid: Provided always, that all Packages hereinbefore described, shall be so placed on the Roof of such Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above described, as that no Passenger or Passengers shall fit thereon, under the Penalty of Fifty Shillings for each Offence; to be paid by such Passenger or Passengers respectively, and to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties imposed by this Act, and that the Division or Space on the Top of the Coach or other Carriage aforesaid allotted for Luggage, shall be distinctly separated from the other Part of the Top of such Coach or other Carriage, by some Railing or otherwise; and in case any such Driver or Owner or Part Owner, when required so to do, shall refuse tp permit the said Carriage and Luggage to be measured by any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Constablf* Surveyor of any Highway or Turnpike Road, Inspector of Coaches duly authorized by the Commissioners of Stamps or Passenger, he shall forfeit the like Penalty, to be recovered and applied in the manner herein after specified.

V. And whereas it is expedient so lower the present Height of Stage Coaches, in which case a greater Height of Luggage than Two Feet might be safely permitted to be carried on the Outside thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be- lawful to carry any Luggage, Parcel or other Package in manner hereinbefore, provided for, on the Roof of any Coach or other Carriage above described of a greater Height than-Twb FeeJ; Provided such Luggage, Parcel or other Package be not a greater Hfeight from the Ground* including the Height of fiwh Coach, than Ten Feet Nine Inches.

VI. And be it further cAadted, That, in every Lichee tp he taken out by any person who shall keep any

'Carriage*

-N -

At), t »id.

50" GEORGir iir.

& 4?f.

59

Carriage, to be employed at & publick Stage Coach or other Carriage above described, for the Purpose of conveying Patten gers for Hire to and from different Placet in Great Britain, shall be specified the Number of Outside Passengers to be carried on or about the Outside of such Coach or other Carriage above described, at well at the Number of Inside Fastengers to be carried therein at now by Law directed; and that no such Licence shall in future be granted for more than the Number of Inside and Outside Passengers in all allowed by Law, and that such Licence shall contain the Name or Names and the Places of Abode of every Individual to whom such Coach or other Carriage shall belong, a Copy of which Licence shall be accessible at the Board or Office where such Licence is issued, to any Person or Persons applying either for a Copy of or for the Perusal of the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be duly licensed to keep tiny Coach or other Carriage above described, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Placet in Great Britain, (Mail Coaches always excepted^ shall, and he, she or they is and are respectively directed and required to paint or cause to be painted within Six Months from the passing of this Act, on the Outside of each Door of each such Coach or other Carriage above described, or on some other conspicuous Part thereof, in legible Characters of at lead One Inch in length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the fame is painted, and in Words at Length, the Number of outside Passengert which the Licence obtained for such Carriages respectively shall specify or express, (as well as and in like manner as the Number of Inside Passengert as now by Law directed), together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or the Company of Proprietors or Firm to whom such Coach or other Carriage shall belong: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Board of Commissioners by whom such Licence shall be granted, to require iaffead of such Inscription that a Plate made of Brass or other Metal shall be fixed on the Side of each Coach or other Carriage above described, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or the Company of Proprietors or Firm, and a didind Number for each, to the end that the Owner or Owners and Driver of such Coach or Carriage shall be known; and if any Person, Company of Proprietors or Firm, shall be licensed to keep more than One Coach, every One of them shall have several Numbers or other Marks of Distinction in the same manner as if they did belong to several Persons; and if any Person shall blot out, obliterate, alter or deface the Number, Figure or Marx of Didin&ion appointed by the said Commissioners, he shall forfeit Five Pounds for every such Offence 5 and if any Person or Persons shall employ or make use of any such Carriage as a fore said, for carrying any Outside PaffeBgers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, witoout being licensed so to do, or without having the said Words and Number and Name or Names painted on the Outside of each Door of such Carriage, or in such other conspicuous Part thereof, and in such manner as is hereinbefore directed, or shall at any time carry more Outside Passengers than shall be specified or expressed in the Licence for using such Coach or other Carriage, and by the Words so painted on the Outside of such Doors or otlter conspicuous Part of such Carriage or the numbered Plate, every Person so offending shall for each and every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Outside Passenger beyond the Number hereby allowed, and Double that Sum if the Driver or Coachman be also Owner or Part Owner, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as any other Penalty imposed by this Act can be recovered and applied; and every such Inscription or Plate, as the case may be, to be considered sufficient Evidence of the Parties to whom such Coach or other Description of Carriage above enumerated doth belong, being Owner or Proprietor thereof. J

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, going or travelling for Hire, and conveying a greater Number of Persons in any manner or way in the Inside, or on or about the Outside of any such Coach or other Carriage above described than are allowed by this Act, or permitting more than One Passenger to fit upon the Box, (which Box shall be so conflruded as not conveniently to hold more than One Passenger besidea the Coachman) shall not be known, or being known cannot be found, then, and in every such case, the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or any of them, of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, shall be liable to all such Fines and Penalties as if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors had been the Driver only of any such Coach or other Carriage above described, at the time that such Offence was committed: Provided always, that if any such Owner or Proprietor shall make out to the Satisfaction of the Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned before whom any such Information shall be laid, by sufficient Evidence not reding on his own Testiraony, that the Offence was committed by the Driver of the Coach or other Carriage without his Privity or Knowledge, and that no Profit, Advantage or Benefit, cither directly or indirectly, has accrued or could or would have accrued to such Owner or Proprietor therefrom, but that such Offence was committed against this Act by such Driver in violation of his Duty to the Owner or Proprietor, as well as against the Provision9 of this Act, fufch Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned shall discharge the Owner or Proprietor from such Penalty and Expence and levy the same upon the Driver only, when found; sod such Driver, unless he pays the Penalty for which he is liable in consequence of such Offence, Ml be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Dirifiou or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, by Or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

I A. And be it further enadod, That any Summons issued by any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, commanding any Driver, Owner or Proprietor of any Coach or other Carriage above described, or any Person or Persons of Company of Proprietors or Firm of any Company to whom such Coach or other Carriage above described shall belong, to appear before him at such Time or Place as to such-Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned shall seem meet, for any Offence committed against this Act, or a Copy


speeffied is Licaucej

to be paiated on Doors of Coach.

Commissioners may order a Brass Plate on Side of Coach, with the Owner's Name, &c.

Defacing, &c. Penalty.

I Ting Carriage without Licence, &c.

[Penalty.]

Evidence.

Owners liable to Penalties if Drivers not found.

Owner* relieved

from Feuahie*.

Driver not paying.

Iiuprisonraent#

Sammons*

A.D. 1810.

60 C. 48. 50° GEORGII III.

What good! Service.

Driver* lmving their IlrjncK, &c.

[Penalty.]

Drivers, &c. intuxi'tat d or retarding Mails, not accounting, fee.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Driver, $tc. sniulting or.exa^ing from Passengers.

[Penalty.]

Peace Officers

neglecting to execute Warrants.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Passenger may require Toll Collector to count Number of Pafleugcn

thereof, shall be deemed to be well and sufficiently served, in case either die Original or a Copy of such Summons be left with the known or acting Book-keeper for such Coach or other Carriage above described, - in any Town or Place into or through which any Jt)river offending as aforesaid shall drive such Coach or other Carriage.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Driver of any such Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage abovr described, going or travelling for Hire, (lopping at any Place or Places where Assistance can be procured, shall not quit his Horses or the Box of such Coach or other Carriage above described, until a proper Person or Persons shall be employed to hold the Horses or Fore Horses, whilll such Carriage (lops, so as to prevent them from running away, and shall have actual Hold of such Horses, and that such Person or Persons shall hold the fame until the Driver has returned to his Box, or until the Pollboy who rides one of the Horses is again mounted, and has in his Hands the Reins for guiding the said Horses, and if such Driver'or such Person or Persons shall neglect so to do, he or they being duly convicted thereof by his or their Confession, the View of a Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses taken before any Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, shall be futye6l to and forfeit and pay a Penalty of not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds for each Offence s Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Section or Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Hackney Coaches-being drawn by Two Horses only.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above described, or the Person acting as Guard, shall, by Intoxication or by Negligence or other Misconduct (unavoidable Accidents always. excepted), endanger the Safety of the Passengers in their Lives, their Limbs or their Property, or shall not give due Care or Protection to any other Property with which such Driver or Guard or either of them may be entrusted; or if any Driver of any" Mail Coach, or any Guard, shall loiter on the Road or wilfully mispend or lose Time so as to retard the Arrival of His Majesty's Mails at the next Stage; or if the Driver of any Mail Coach shall not, rn all possible cases, convey such Mails at the Speed of such a Number of Miles an Hour as are fixed by the Pott matter General for the Conveyance thereof, unless the Circumstances of the Weather or the Badness of the Roads, or the Occurrence of any Accident to the Coach or Horses, shall prevent the fame; or if any Driver or Guard- of any such Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage, shall not duly account to his or their Employers or Persons authorized by them to account with such Driver or Guard for all Monies received by him, them or either of them, in respect of any Passenger or Parcel conveyed or taken by such Coach or other Carriage above described, then and in every such case the Driver or Guard (as the case may be) so offending, and being convicted thereof by his own Confession, the View of a Justice (in any case applicable thereto), or the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, shall forfeit an<F pay a Sum not less than Five Pounds, nor more than Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and shall return the-Sum or Sums of Money so embezzled; and in case of Non-payment every such Justice or other Magistrate-above mentioned are hereby authorized to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver or Guard of any such Coach or other Carriage-above described, shall use abusive or insulting Languageto any Passenger, or shall infill on and exact more than the Sum to which he is legally intitled, then, and in every such case, the Driver or Guard (as the case may be)' so offending, and being convicted thereof by his o*vu Confession, or the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not' less than Fi\e Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence; and in case of Non-payment, every such Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned are hereby authorized to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time net exceeding One Mouth nor less than Three Days, at the Difcr.tion of the Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, by or before whom any such Offender shall be conviiled.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable or other Peace Officer shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrant granted by any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate or Magistrates above mentioned, either by his own Confession or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices or other Magistrate or Magistrates above mentioned, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and in case* the Person so convicted doth not forthwith pay or secure to be paid the said Penalty, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate or Magistrates above mentioned, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bailor Mainprize for anytime not exceeding One Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if the Driver of any Coach or other Carriage above described, drawn by Two or more Horses and going or travelling for Hire, shall permit or suffer more than One Person on the Coach Box besides himself, and a greater Number of Outside Passengm than according to the Numbers allowed by this Act to be carried or

conveyed

*t

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 48.

61

[Penalty.]

Double Penalty.

Collector

refusing.

[Penalty.]

Passenger

evading.

[Penalty.]

Coachmen permitting other f Persons to drive.

Furious Driving)

&c.

[Penalty.]

Penalties how recovered.

conveyed by any such Coach or Carriage above described respectively, k shall be lawful for any Out side or and measure In side Passenger who shall have been regularly booked, and who has actually paid for his Place, if conveyed by Heightoi lug-such Coach or other Carriage, to reatfire the Driver to flop such Coach or Carriage at any Toll or Turnpike Gate, and to require the Collector or the Toll at such Gate to count the Number of Pafleng'ers, or measure or ascertain the Height of the Luggage upon such Coach or other Carriage; and if any such Driver shall refuse Driver refufin£. upon the Demand of any such Passenger to (lop any such Coach or Carriage, or to permit or suffer the Collector at such Toll or Turnpike Gate who shall be so required by any such Passenger, to count the Number of Passengere and ascertain the Height of the Luggage, or to make such Examination, then, in every such case, the Driver of such Coach shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal, and shall, if more Passengers shall have been carried on such Coach, or the Luggage shall exceed the Height allowed by this Act, forfeit for every such Offence, the committing whereof shall nave been prohibited as aforesaid, double the Penalty imposed by this Act for such Offence, the One Half of such Penalty to belong to the Toll Collector for his Trouble, and the other Half to the Passenger; and if any Toll Collector, upon being so required by auy inch Passenger, shall neglect or refuse to make such Examination, he shall forfeit and pay trie Sum of Five

Pounds for each Offence, to be levied and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties imposed by this Act; and if any Person or Persons shall endeavour to evade such Examination, by defeending from such Coach or other Carriage above described, previous to its reaching any Turnpike Gate, and re-ascending after it has passed such Turnpike Gate, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner as the oilier Penalties hereby imposed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from after the passing of this Act, if the Coachman or Person having the Care of any Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, shall permit or suffer any other Person without the Consent of a Proprietor, or against the Consent of the Passengers, to drive the fame, or shall quit the Box without reasonable Occasion, or for a longer Space of Time than Uich Occasion may require (although the Reius for guiding or driving the Horses be left for the time in the Hands of the Passenger on the Box), or if the Coachman or Person having the Care of any Coach, Mail Coach or other Carriage above described,

shall, by furiouily driving or by any Negligence or Misconduct, overturn the Carriage, or in any manner endanger the Persons or rroperty of the Passengers, or the Property of the Owners or Proprietors of such Carriage (unavoidable Accidents always excepted), every such Coachman or Person as aforesaid so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, to be levied*apd applied in the same manner as the other Penalties imposed by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for any Offence committed against this Act, shall and may be recoverable before One or more Justices of the Peace, or before any other Magistrate above mentioned, every such Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, hereby required to administer an Oath, and upon Proof of any such Offence, shall give Judgment or Sentence for the Borfeiture or Penalty incurred, and for the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Prosecution; and if the same shall not be paid, shall commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Shire, Borough, Town Corporate or Place for any time not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month, at the Discretion of the said Justice or other Magistrate above mentioned, unless.such Person or Persons shall enter into such Recognizance with such Surety before such Justices or Justice, or* other Magistrate as hereinbefore mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Justice, or other Magistrate above mentioned, before whom any Person shall have been convicted for any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, shall fee cause to*, mitigate such Penalty, every such Justice, or other Magistrate above mentioned, may mitigate or Ieffen the same to any Sum not exceeding One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, over and above all reasonable Costs and Charges expended or incurred in the Prosecution; and that One Half either of the Whole or of the Moiety of such Penalty, with the said Costs and Charges, shall be paid to the Informer for his own Behoof, or to be at his Disposal for Publick Purposes except in the Special Cases above provided for, and the other Half shall be paid to the Trustees of the Roads where such Offence is committed, who are hereby required in consideration thereof to direct their Surveyors to watch over the due Execution of this Act, in the several Roads to the Superintendance of which they are respectively appointed.

XVIII. And be it further tna&ed, That if any Person going or travelling as a Guard to any Coach, Mail Coach, or other Carriage above described, shall fire off the Arms he is entrusted with, either while such Coach qr other Carriage is going on the Road or going through or (landing in any Town, otherwise thho for the Defence of such Coach or other Carriage, or the Passenger or Passengers therein, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties imposed by this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons committing any Offence against the Provisions of this Act, for which no specific Penalties shall have been provided, he, she or they shall forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of One or more Justices of the Peace or of any other MagHlrate above mentioned, auiy Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Fifty Shillings, upon being convicted thereof on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnessea, before any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or by any other Justice of the Peace residing in any County, Riding, City, Town,

Division or Place in which the Offender shall then actually be present, upon full and satisfactory Proof being exhibited before such Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnessea (which Oath or Oaths as well the Justice of the Peace ot other Magistrate above mentioned acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where the Offence (hill have been

Mitigation*.

How applied.

Guard firing'except for Df* fence.

[Penalty.]

Where no specific Penalties, .Justice* may impose them.

Conniving at Offences.

[Penalty.]

What Carriages may carry additional Number of Pafleogen.

Limitation of A&io&s.

Hackney Coach Stages exempted.

Forms of Proceedings.

Want of Form.

Appeal.

C. 48. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

been committed, as such Justices and Other Magistrates above mentioned as shall be refluent in the County Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where the Offender shall actually be present, are hereby authorized and required to administer); and in default of Payment of the Penalty which shall have been awarded on the Conviction of such Offender, he shall for every such Offence be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where such Offence ftikll have been committed, or of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division or Place where he shall actually be present (as the case may be) there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Five Days, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom such Offender (half be convicted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall receive any Sum or Sums of Money for conniving at any Offence prohibited by this Act, either for any single Offence or for a Number of such Offences, or by Stipulation or Agreement by the Day, the Week, the Year, or any other Period of Time, and shall be duly convicted thereof before One or more Justices, or before any other Magistrate above mentioned, he, she or they shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence, and in default of the Payment thereof shall be committed to any House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months nor less than One Month.

XXI. And whereas it would materially contribute to the Safety of Passengers if a great Part of the Luggage usually conveyed by Stage Coaches were conveyed in a much lower Postion than is generally the case at present, and the fame Restrictions in regard to the Number of Outside Passengers on such Stage Coaches would not be so requisite, provided no Luggage was carried by them, except in the manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Stage Coaches, (Long Bodied Coaches included) carrying no Parcels or Luggage whatsoever, excepting in the Inside or in the Front Boot thereof, or in a Boot behind or under the Body of such Carriage; and where the Top of such Boot behind, when the Coach is empty, is not more than Six Feet from the Ground, having obtained a special Licence for that Purpose, and having the Name of the Owner or Owners, and the Number of Outside and Inside Passengers thereby allowed painted or inscribed thereon, shall be permitted to carry Two Outside Passengers more than the Number of Outside Passengers hereby limited with respect to other Coaches or Carriages above described, without subjecting the Drivers, Owners or Proprietors of such Coaches or other Carriages to any of the Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines or Punishments imposed or authorized to be imposed by this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Prosecution for any Offence committed against the Provisiom of this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of Fourteen Days after the Offence shall have been committed9 and that there shall be but one Recovery for the fame Offence, except where the Owner or Owners of Stage Coaches or other Carriages, above described, are required to paint their Names or Name or Sign, and to preserve the fame in a clear or legibly State, in which case such Prosecution may be commenced at any time, and any Neglect in remedying the fame for the Space of One Month shall be considered a new Offence.

XXIII. Andwhereasa certain Number of Hackney Coaches work by Permission as stated Stages, and which as well as other Hackney Coaches are licensed by and have been hitherto under the Regulations and Controul of the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, the fame stated Stages being numbered and to all Intents and Purposes Hackney Coaches, yet for the public Convenience are ' exempted from the ordinary Street Work of Hackney Coaches, and permitted to be employed and driven

certain -prescribed Routes at fixed Hours between the Metropolis and certain Villages and Places in its ' Vicinity: And whereas the said stated Hackney Coach Stages as well as the Hackney Coaches in general,

and the Owners and Drivers thereof respectively, are in all Respects under the Regulation and Controul ot

the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches; and it is inexpedient and unnecessary

that any of the Provisions of this Act should be applied to such Hackney Coaches and Hackney Coach

Stages before mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to, or be construed to extend to affect such Hackney Coaches or their Owners; or Drivers respectively, as now are or hereafter may be licensed by the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, whether such Coaches be so licensed to be used and driven in the ordinary and indiscriminate Work of Hackney Coaches in general, in and about the Streets and Places within which such Hackney Coaches are by Law -compellable to go or be driven, or are or may be licensed exprefbly for the Purpose of being employed and driven as Hackney Coach Stages between the Metropolis and certain Villages and Places in the Vicinity thereof; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the several Matters contained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be used upon all Occasions, and with such Additions or Variations as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Circumstances., of the case, or the Place where the Prosecution for the Offence shall take place; and t; hat no Objection fli^ll be allowed to be made or Advantage taken on account of want of Form in any such Proceedings; ^nd that such Conviction, unless appealed from within Fourteen Days in the manner herein after mentioned, shall be final and conclusive.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall find him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Determination, Judgment, Sentence or Conviction, which any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate above mentioned shall have given or made in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned, and shall enter into a Recognizance before such Justice or Justices or other Magistrate, with one sufficient Surety, the Condition whereof shall be, that such Person or Persons do and shall appear before the Court of the next Quarter-Sessions for the County- or other Place where such Determination, Judgment, Sentence or Conviction shall have been given or made, then and there to abide the final Order, Judgment and Sentence of such Court on the Matters aforesaid, then, and in every such case, such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to appeal

6 + to

A.D. 1810.

jo° GEORGII III. C. 48. 63

to the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to he holden for the said County or other Place, who upon hearing the said Appeal, shall have full Power finally to determine the fame, and to award such Cods to the Colls. Appellant or to the Prosecutor or Informer, as to such Court shall seem -fit to be awarded 5 and such left mentioned Proceedings, final Judgment and Sentence, shall not be removeable by Writ of Certiorari or other- Certiormi. wife into any other Court.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged Wrfick Act. and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be Judicially taken Notice of aa such by all Judges, Justices and other

Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any other Act or bffmny b« il-

Acts of Parliament in this present Session of Parliament. tcrw1,*

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

FORMS of PROCEEDINGS mentioned in the forrgoing Ad. INFORMATION.

DE it remembered, That on the and A.B. of

One thousand eight hundred His Majesty'a

One of

Day of

in the said County, informeth me Justices of the Peace for the said County, that [here deferihe the Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the A3 at near at may he] contrary to the Statute made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for {here insert the Title of thit A3] which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence. Received the

Day of by me

Q.D.

SUMMONS for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate. To A.B. of

WHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justicea of the Peace for the said [County, et cetera] That, et cetera [herejlate the Nature and Circumstances of the Case, at far at it shall he necessary to Shew the Offence and to bring it within the Authority of the Justice, and in doing that follow the Words of the A3 at near as may be-] These are therefore to require you personally to*appear before me, or such other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the bid [County set ceteraJ on - the Day of next, at the Hour of in the Noon, to answer

the said Complaint and Information; and further to do and receive what to the Law shall appertain. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand and Seal this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

FORM of CONVICTION.

D£ it remembered. That dn the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and at in the County of

aforesaid, A.B. came before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, et cetera, md informed me. That, et cetera {here set forth the Faff in the manner deferihed by the A3] whereupon the bid £. F. after being duly summoned to answer said Charge, appeared before on the

Day of at in the said County; and having

heard the Charge contained in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the bid Offence; but the fame being fully proved upon the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me the said Justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information \ it is therefore ronfidered and adjudged by me the bid Justice, that he the bid E. F. be convicted, and 1 do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid$ and I do hereby declare and adjudge, that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be

distributed as the Law direct, according to the Form of the Statute in that case made and provided. Given.under my Hand and Seal, the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

After the Words 11 being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, " insert [did not appear before me pursuant to the bid Summons] or [did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge, but the fame being fully proved, et cetera] at befort: After the Words <* contained in the bid Information" insert [acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the Came to be true, and it roaniftftly appears to me the bid Justice, et cetera] at above.

at to Ireland, ante cap. 3 a.]

43 EKz. C. 2

17 G. a. r. 3«.

5

'Account of Churchwardens -»nd Overseers to be submitted to Justices at Special Scflkms.

rChurchwarden*, Sue. ucglecting.

"Committed.

Refusing to pay to SucceiTon.

Distress.

Ixnprifooment.

Appeal.

C. 49. $o# GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, so far as relate to the examining and allowing the Accounts of Churchwardens and Overseers by Justices of the Peace. (9th June 1810.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen El\ % abeih % intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, it is enacted, That ChuVch wardens and Overseers of the Poor of every Parish (half, within Four Days after their Year, and after other Overseers nominated, make and yield up to Two Justices of the Peace a true and perfect Account of all Sums of Money by them received, or rated and sessed and not received, and of all other things concerning their said Office: And whereas by an Act t made in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for remedying some Defects'ln the said recited Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, it is enacted, that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall. Yearly and every Year, within. Fourteen Days after other t Overseers shall be nominated and appointed to succeed them, deliver iu to such succeeding Overseers a just, true and perfect Account in Writing under the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers directed to*account, of all Sums of Money by them received or rated and assessed and not received, and of all other Things concerning their said Office; which said Account shall be verified by Oath, or by the Affirmation of Persons*called Quaker/, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, which said Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are by the said Act authorized and required to administer, and to sign and attest the Caption of the fame at the Foot of the said Accounts And whereas it is expedient that Two or more Justices should be empowered to examine and correct and to allow and approve every such Account, before*the fame shall be signed and attested; Be, it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all cases where any such Account is required to be made and yielded, and to be signed and attested as aforesaid by virtue of the said last recited Act, every such Accourtt shall be submitted by the Churchwardens and Overseers to Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, dwelling in or ncarthe Parish or Place to which such Account shall relate, at a Special Sessions for that Purpose to be kolden within the Fourteen Days appointed by the said last recited Act for delivering in such Account; and such Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall so think (it, to examine into the Matter of every such Account, and to administer an Oath or Affirmation to such Churchwardens and .Overseers of the Truth of such Account, and to disallow and strike out of every such Account all such Charges and Payments as they shall deem to be unfounded, and to reduce such as they shall deem to be exorbitant, specifying upon or at the Foot of such Account every such Charge or Payment and its Amount, so far as such Justices shall disallow or reduce the fame, and the cause for which the fame is disallowed or reduced.; and it shall be lawful for such Two or more Justices, and they are hereby required to signify their Allowance and Approbation of any such Account under their Hands, and to sign and attest the Caption of the fame at the Foot of such Account, in manner directed by the said last recited Act: And in case such Churchwardens and Overseers or any of them, (halirefufe or neglect to make and yield up or to submit such Account, or to verify the fame by Oath as aforesaid, or to deliver over to their Sticcessors within Ten Days from the signing and attesting such Accounts, any Goods, Chattels or other Things, which on the Examination and Allowance of such Account in manner aforesaid shall appear to be remaining in the Hands of such Churchwardens or Overseers, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace to commit him, her or them, to the Common Gaol, until he, she or they shall have made and yielded such Account, and verified the same as aforesaid, or shall have delivered over such Ooods, Chattels and other Things which shall appear to be so remaining in his, .her-or theii Hands as aforesaid 5 and in case such Churchwardens and Overseers or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay to their Successors within Fourteen Days from the signing and attesting such Account, any Sum or Sums of Money or Arrearages which on the Examination and Allowance of such Account in manner aforesaid, shall appear or be found to be due and owing from such Churchwardens or Overseers, or any of them, or remaining in their Hands, it shall and may be lawful for the subsequent Churchwardens and Overseers by Warrant from any Two or more Justices of the Peace, to levy all such Sum and Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the Offenders' Goods, rendering to the Parties the Overplus, and in default of such Distress, it shall be lawful for any such Two Justices of the Peace, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money or Arrearages as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Churchwardens or Overseers, or any of them, shall feel themselves, himself or herself aggrieved by the Dif&Howance or Reduction of any such Charges or Payments, and be desirous of appealing against any Order in that respect, made by any such Two or more Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for him, her or them, to enter an Appeal against such Order, at the next General or Quarter-Seffiqns to be holden next after the Tenth Day from the making of: such Order, he, she or they having first paid or delivered over to the succeeding Churchwardens and Overseers, such Sum and Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels and other Things, as on the Face of the Account which shall have been submitted by him, her or them, to such Two or more Justices in manner aforesaid, shall appear and be admitted to be due and owingTrom him, her or them, or remaining in his, her or their Hands, and having also entered into a Recognizance before One or more such Justice or Justices, with Two sufficient Securities to be approved of by such Justice or Justices before whom such Recognizance shall be acknowledged, in not less than double the Sum or Value in dispute, to enter such Appeal at such next ^General or Quarter-Sessions, and abide by such Order as shall at that or any subsequent Sessions be made on dfuch Appeal; and it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General or

Quarter-

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

G. 49>. 5*

65

Quarter-Sessions, on Proof of the Matters aforesaid, and on the Production of such Recognizance and Proof of the fame having been duly entered into, to adjourn such Appeal if they shall see Occasion, or to hear the fame, and to examine into and to confirm or reverse such Disallowance or Reduction in the Whole or in Part, as to such Justices at such Sessions shall seem just, and in any such Case, the said Justices, at such Sessions, may (if they shall think fit) make an Order that such Churchwardens and Overfecra shall have the Costa by them incurred, upon any such Appeal defrayed out of the Poor Rate of the Parish or Place $ and the Order of the General Quarter-Sessions in execution of the Powers given to them by this Act shall be binding on all Parties.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall take away or be construed to takeaway any Power Of Appeal against any such Account, by any other Person entitled to appeal against the fame by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Mayor, Bailiff or other Head Officer of every Town or Place Corporate and City in Great Britain, or any Two Magistrates of such Town or Place Corporate or City, being Justice or Justices of Peace refjpedively, shall have the fame Authority by virtue of this Act within the Limits and Precmds of their Jurisdictions as is by this Act limited, prescribed or appointed to Justices of the Peace of the County, or any Two or more of them, for the Execution of this Act; subject nevertheless to Hn Appeal to the General or Quarter-Sessions in every such Town or Place Corporate or City respectively as aforesaid: Provided always, that in any Town or Place Corporate or City, where there are not Four Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Personr or Persons, where an Appeal is given by this Act, to appeal, if he or they shall think fit, to the next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division wherein such Town or Place Corporate or City is situate.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari shall be granted to remove anjr Order or Proceeding of any General or Quarter-Sessions or of any Justices, made or had under this Act, into any superior Court of Record; but that all Orders and Proceedings of such Sessions, and all Orders and Proceedings of such Justices (subject to such Appeal as aforesaid) under this Act, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or apply, or be construed to extend or apply to the Accounts of any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor in any Parish or Place where, by the Provisions of any Act or Acts relating to the Poor of such Parish or Place, or by the Construction of any such Act or Acts, such Churchwardens and Overseers are exempted from the renaering the Accounts required by the hereinbefore recited Acts of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, or either of them; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not with (landing: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the City of London.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall alter or repeal any of the Provisions or Regulations contained in the said recited Acts of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty lCing George the Second, or either of them, other than and except only such Provisions or Regulations as are expressly mentioned in this Act, and so far as the same are expressly amended or altered by this Act.

Appeal.

M«giftrat«* of Corpomiou fame Jurisd'tc-tion as Justkct*

CtrtiaraH

Prcwifo for Churchwanlcns, &c. 43 Eli*, c. 4. 17 O. 0. C. 38

City of tan Jo*.

Prorifo for 43 Eliz. C. 8.

17 («. a. c.«o«.

CAP. L.

An Act. to explain and amend an Act made in the la ft Session of Parliament, relating to the Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the more effectual carrying the fame into Execution; and to extend the Provisions thereof to Parishes which shall not have adopted the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, [9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 3. c. sg,

intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, whereby certain Rules, Orders«and Regulations specified and contained in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, are directed to be observed

and enforced at every Poorhouse to be provided by virtue of that Ad, with such Additions as should be

made by the Justices of the Peace of the Limit wherein such House or Hou(c9 should be (Ituate, at some

Special Session; provided such Additions should not be contradictory to the Rules, Orders and Regulations,

established by that Ad; and provided that the fame should not be repealed by the Justices at their General

Quarter-Sessions of the Peace; And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of 49 G.

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending and explaining certain Acts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cases touching the Examination of Paupers as to their Settlements; and for extending to all Parishes certain Rules and Orders in Workhouses, under an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the §

Poor; whereby any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace are authorized, at any Petty Sessions,

to direct such Rules, Order* and Regulation*, or any of them, to be observed and executed in any Parishes

within their respective Divisions or Districts: And whereas it is expedient that the Benefit of such Regulations

as are provided and authorized to be made by the said recited Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Government of Poorhouses and Workhouses, should be extended to Parishes which shall not

have adopted the Provisions of the said Acts : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afltmbledj and by the Authority of the same,

50 Geo. III. K, That

C. 50, 51,

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

In what rafe Th-oJuUm csrr.ay

1 ii.-iiiof -2-2 (5.3. «*. Hi. to lx* observed in Work* liouta and alter Regulations.

Power of Justices.

22 G. 3. c. 83.

How fat Contractors for Poor subject to Juiif-dtftion of Juf-lites.

Penalties.

Justices may ap-joint Keeper of Workliouie to be Governor.

fmbezzling Good*, 6>. c.

IWiflwient.

Breach of Rules,

Ro,

I'unishment.

7 Jae. l.o 4.

§ 7.

That any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, within their respective Limits, may at any Special Session direct the Rules, Orders and Regulations, in the Schedule to the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign specified and contained, or any of them, with such Additions as shall be made by such JuRices, to be observed and enforced in the Workhouses or Poorhouses, or any Houses set apart for that Purpose, although there Should be no Mailer or Millrefs to superintend the fame, of any Parish or Place within their respective Divisions or Districts, as fully and effectually as the Rules and Orders by the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign established, are to be observed and enforced within the Parishes adopting the Provisions of the same Act; and that it shall be lawful for Two or more such Justices, in any Special Session from time to time as they shall see occasion, to add to and alter the Rules, Orders and Regulations which shall at any previous Special Sessions have been made and ordered to be observed, provided that no Addition or Alteration to be made by such Justices shall be contradidlory to the Rules, Orders and Regulations established by the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, and provided that the same shall not be repealed by the Justices at their Quarter-Session of the Peace; and for enforcing and carrying into execution such Rules, Orders, and Regulations in every Parish and Place where the same shall be estabmhed by virtue of this Act, every Justice of the Peace shall, for that Purpose, have the Powers by the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign veiled in Visitors of the Poor; and all Churchwardens and Overseers, within their respective Parishes and Townships shall have and exercise the Powers, and shall perform the Duties by the same Act veiled in and imposed upon Governors of the Poor.

II. And be it further enacted, That Persons contra6ling for the Maintenance of the Poor of any Parish or Place shall, with respect to all such things as they shall contract to perform and provide for the Poor, be subject to the Jurisdiction and Orders of Justices of the Peace in like manner in all respects as Overseers of the Poor are subject thereto 5 and that every Order of any such Justice to or upon any Person so contrafting, may be enforced and carried into execution by such means as the fame might have been enforced and carried into execution against any Overseer of the Poor 5 and that every Person so contrafting for the Maintenance of the Poor, who shall refuse or neglect to obey any such Order, shall be punishable by the like Forfeitures and Penalties, to be levied in the same manner as in Cases of Disobedience or Neglect of the Orders of Justices by Overseers of the Poor.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices in any such Special Session as aforesaid, upon the Application of the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place, or of the major Part of them, to appoint-the Keeper of the Workhouse of any such Parish or Place to be the Gover-

' nor thereof, and the Keeper so appointed, so long as he shall continue Keeper of such Workhouse until the Justices in any such Special Session shall revoke such Appointment (which they are hereby empowered to do) shall have, use and exercise the Powers, and perform the Duties by the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, veiled in and imposed upon Governors of the Poor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it any Person who shall be sent to any Poorhouse or Workhouse shall imbezzle, or wilfully wade, spoil or damage any of the Clothing, Goods or Materials committed to his or her

Care, or shall take or carry away, without Permission of the Overseer of the Poor or Keeper of the said Workhouse, any Clothing, Goods or Materials provided for the Use of such Poorhouse, or of any of the Poor therein, Complaint thereof may be made upon Oath to One or more Justices of the Peace acting for the Dif-trici 01 Division in which such Parish shall be situate; and such Justices are hereby authorized to hear such Complaint, and upon Conviction to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Seven Days.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Breach of the Rules and Orders to be put in force by virtue of this Act, shall be punished in such manner as is by the said Act directed for the Breach of the Rules and Orders ta he enforced under the before recited Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, Chapter Eighty three.

CAP. LI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of King James the First, as relates tee the Punishment of Women delivered of Ballard Children; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[pth June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King James the First, intituled, Jin Jl8 for the due Execution of divers Laws and Statutes heretofore made agairfl Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars, and other Lewd and Idle Persons: And whereas it is, among other Things, directed and enacted, that every lewd Woman who, after the then present Session of Parliament, Should have any Ballard which might be chargeable to the Parish, mould be committed to the House of Correction, there to be punished and set on Work during the Term of one whole Year; and that if such Woman Should offend again in like manner, (he Should be committed to the House of Correction, there to remain until Ihe Should put in good Securities not to offend so again: And whereas the Punishment aforesaid, if rigoroully inflicted, might be too severe, and might subject the Offender to Imprisonment for Life May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King James the First, as relates to the Commitment of Women to the House of Correction, there to be punished and set on Work for having Ballard Children who may be chargeable to the Parish, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

7 II. And

A.D. 1810. 50" GEORGII III. C. 51, 52, 53.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, ifi Cases when ar Woman shall have a Ballard Child which may be chargeable to the Parish, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace before whom such Woman shall be brought, and they shall or may, at their Discretion, commit such Woman to the House of Correction for the District or Place, and there to be set on Work for any time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months nor less than Six Weeks.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, at any Petty Session for the Division wherein the Parish to which such Bastard Child may be chargeable is situate, upon their own Knowledge, or a Certificate duly authenticated from the Keeper of such House of Correction in which such Woman shall have been confined for any Space not less than Six Weeks, of the good Behaviour of such Woman during such her Confinement, and of the reasonable Expedition of her Reformation, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to order such Woman to be immediately (or at the time to be appointed in such Warrant) discharged and released from further Confinement.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend to authorize any Justices of the Peace to commit any such Woman to the House of Correction, until (he shall have been delivered for the Space of One Calendar Month.

CAP. LII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year of King William the Third, as requires poor Persons receiving Alms to wear Badges.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for Supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, it is enacted, That every such Person as, from and after the First Day of September One thousand six hundred and ninety seven, shall be upon the Collection and receive Relief of any Parish or Place, «and the Wife and Children of any such Person cohabiting in the fame House, (such Child only excepted as shall be by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor permitted to live at Home in order to have the Care of and attend an impotent and helpless Parent) shall upon the Shoulder of the Right Sleeve of the uppermost Garment of every such Person, in an open and visible manner, wear such Badge or Mark as is herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say, a large Roman P. together with the first Letter of the Name of the Parish or Place whereof such poor Person is an Inhabitant, cut either in Red or Blue Cloth, as by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor it shall be directed and appointed 5 and if any such poor*Person shall at any Time neglect or refuse to wear such a Badge or Mark as aforesaid, and in manner as afore- laid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty or Town Corpo- rate, where any such Offence shall be committed, upon Complaint to him for that Purpose to be made, to punish every such Offender for every such Offence, either by ordering of his or her Relief or usual Allowance on the Collection to be abridged, suspended or withdrawn, or otherwise by committing of any such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be whipt and kept to hard Labour for any Number of Days not exceeding One and Twenty, as to the said Justice in his Discretion it shall seem most meet 5 and if any such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, from and after the said First Day of September, shall relieve any such poor Person not having and wearing such Badge or Mark as aforesaid, being thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty or Town Corporate where any such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice 5 One Moiety to be to the Use of the Informer, and the other to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed s And whereas it is expedient that the said Part of such Act be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be eua&ed; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Part of such recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for preventing Frauds relating to the Exportation of British and Irish made Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.

[9th June 1810.T

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing the ExportaW tion of Britirn and Irish Malt from one Part of the United Kingdom to the others Malt unground and unfereened (*), made in Ireland, is allowed to be imported into Great Britain, and Malt unground and

unfereened, made in Great Britain, is allowed to be imported into Ireland; and it is expedient to provide the

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions herein after contained for preventing Frauds relating thereto 5* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of the said Act, the Master or Purser for that Voyage of the Ship or Vessel wherein any Malt shall be imported from Ireland into any- Part of Great Britain shall, within Twenty Days next after he shall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report upon Oa^th of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Dirt&ions of an Act made in


67

Limitation of Punifluncut,

Justices may ir*i tigate Confinement, iikI <til'-charge.

Proviso for time of Commitment.

ft & 9W s.

C. 30*2.

rejvaled.

50 G. 3 c 34.

i 1.

Impoitrttion of Malt In nu Ire-lan«l ti* Great Britain.

68

13 & 14 Cm a.

c. 11.

Entry.

Duty paid before lauding.

Penalty

Officers may go onboard Vessels, and fearth for Malt.

Irish Malt imported, landed before Duty paid, forfeited.

Concealing

Malt.

[Penalty.]

Regulations for Malt «* posted.

Porul for Importation*

C. 53. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 181d.

the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in His Majesty's Customs, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of any such Malt, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excise in the Port or Place where such Malt shall be so imported of all such Malt on board of fuclv Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consigneea specifying in such Entry the Quantity or Quantities of such Malt then laden in and on board of such Ship or Vessel, and shall then and before the landing of any such Malt, satisfy and pay down, in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance, the Duties by this Act imposed on such Malt; and shall also, within such Twenty Days, land all such Malt 5 and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall neglect or refuse to make due Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land any fuclv Malt within such Twenty Day3, then and in every such Case all such Malt shall be forfeited, together with, the Packages containing the fame, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excite. (a) \Thevtord M unfereen^d" does not appear in 50 G. 3. c 34.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the, Officers of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any of them, to go on board and enter into any Ship or Vessel whatsoever which shall be within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within Four Leagues of the Coast thereof, and continue on board the fame, and to examine and search for all Malt whatsoever; and to seize for His Majesty's Use all such Malt there found, as by the Laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame; and also such Ship or Vessel, if the same shall be forfeited for or on account of such Malt.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Malt made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, which, shall be unshipped, landed or delivered from or out of any Ship, Vessel or Boat before the Duties by the Act made in this Session of Parliament imposed shall be fully paid shall be forfeited and lost, together with the Packages containing the fame; and such Ship, Malt and Packages shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and if any Person or Persons shall unship, land or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed or delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unshipping, landing or delivering from or out of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, any such Malt before the said Duties by the said Act imposed shall be fully paid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed any such Malt so unshipped* landed or delivered as aforesaid; or shall receive into his, her or their Hands, Custody or Possession, any such Malt so unshipped, landed or delivered as aforesaid, he, she or they knowing the same to have beenfo unshipped, landed or delivered as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, , and each and every of them shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose Treble the Value of such Malt, to be estimated according to the beltand. highest Rate and Price which Malt of the best Quality shall fell for in London, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively* at the time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid the Duties by the several Acts of Parliament imposed for or in respect of any Quantity of Malt made in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; or to and for any other Person or Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such Quantity of Malt from the said Person or Persons who paid such Duties for the fame, to export such Malt, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisiong herein after mentioned and prescribed, (that is to say) the Person or Persons intending to ship and export any such Malt shall give to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise Twenty four Hours Notice in writing, in cam such Malt is intended to be shipped within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and Forty eight Hours Notice in writing, in case such Malt is intended so to be shipped in any Place out of the said Limits in Great Britain or in Ireland, of his Intention to ship such Malt for Exportation, and of the Tim$ when the fame is intended to be shipped, and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the fame i % intended to be shipped, and of the Matter thereof, and of the particular Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel lies, and is to receive or take on board such Malt, and of the particular Port or Place to which such Malt is intended to be exported, and of the Number of Bushels of such Malt £0 to be shipped and exported, and such Officer or Officers shall attend to fee such Malt shipped, and the same shall be shipped in the Presence of such Officer or Officers; and the Officer or Officers who shall have seen such Malt shipped shall take an Account of the Quantity of such Malt so intended to be exported; and if any such Malt so intended to be shipped for Exportation shall not be begun to be shipped at the Time mentioned for that Purpose in such Notice, or within One Hour after such time, then such Notice shall be void, and the like Notice in writing shall be again given unto such Officer or Officers previous to the Shipping of any such Malt foe Exportation.

V. And be it further ena&ecj, That the Exporter of any such Malt shall also before the shipping the fame give Bond, with sufficient Security, which Security shall, if such Malt be to be exported from* that Part of Great Britain called England, be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise in England or the major Part of them for the time being, or the Person by them appointed or employed for that Purpose 5 and if such Malt be to be exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be approved by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them for the time being, or by the Person by them appointed or employed for that Purpose, and in Treble the Amount of all the Duties intended to be drawn back on such Exportation of such Malt, that the particular Malt so intended to be exported and every Part thereof, shall, (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted), be shipped and exported to the Port or Place to which such Malt in such Notice in that Behalf hereinbefore directed to be given, shall be declared to be intended to be exported and shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, and shall not be un-ffiipped, unladed or laid on Land or put on beard any other Ship, Vessel or Boat in Great Britain or Irelands

(Shipwreck

A.D. 181

50

GEORGII III.

c. 53-

69

(Shipwreck or other'unavoidable Accident excepted) which Bond the Officer of Excise of the Port or Place in England or Scotland respectively appointed or employed for that Purpose by the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively for the time being, is hereby directed to take m His Majesty's Name and to His Majesty's Use.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons intending to export any such Malt to Ireland,

shall, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, measure in and on board the Ship or Vessel on which the fame (Hall be laden or shipped for such Exportation, all such Malt so intended to be exported, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise at the Port where any such Malt is intended to be shipped for such Exportation, not only to examine all such Malt and to measure the fame, but to fee and attend the meaforing thereof, at his and their free Will and Pleasure; and also to continue on board the Ship or Vessel on which such Malt shall be laden or shipped, until the same shall have cleared such Port.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any unmalted Corn or Grain shall be mixed with or contained tmong any Malt shipped or intended to be shipped in any Part of Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland, or brought or imported from Ireland into any Part of Great Britain under or by virtue of the said ASt made io this Session of Parliament, and this Act or either of them, all such Com and Malt shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the Person or Persons who shall have so mixed or caused or procured* permitted or suffered to be mixed any such unmahed Corn or Grain with such Malt as aforesaid, shall, for every Buffiel of such Mixture, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall enter any such Malt for such Export to Ireland, shall produce a Certificate or Certificates from the Collector of the Collection within which such Malt was made, that the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of the making thereof have been fully paid, speciffing by whom and at what Place the said Malt was made, which Certificate such Collector is hereby required ta give gratis. Proof being made upon Oath that such Duties for or in respect of such Malt have been so paid, ana such Person or Persons shall also make Oath before the proper Officer of the Port where the said Malt shall be shipped for Exportation, that the said Malt is the fame which is mentioned in such Certificate, and the said Collector and Officer respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the said respective Oaths.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or One

or more of them respectively, or the proper Surveyor, Supervisor or other Officer of Excise being satisfied of.

the Truth of such Oath respectively, shall give to the said Exporter or his Clerk or Agent, a Certificate or of Excite to give Debenture expressing the Quantities of Malt so shipped, and that all the Duties by Law imposed for or in re- a Downturn lor sped of such Malt* on the making thereof, have been paid for the same, and that Bond with sufficient Security hath been given before the shipping the fame for the due Exportation thereof, and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Malt was so exported in England and Scotland respectively, for or in respect of any such Malt so exported from Great Britain to Ireland, he shall pay or allow to the Person or Persons so exporting the fame, or their Agents, out of the Duties on Malt, the respective Drawbacks allowed by the said Act for Malt exported from Great Britain io Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Malt shipped in Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland,

shall be unftupped or relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey Alderney, Sark or Many or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, then, and in such Case, not only the Ship or Vessel, out of or from which any such Malt shall he so unshipped, landed or relanded, but also all and every Ship,

Vessel or Boat into which such Malt, or any Part thereof, shall be put, after such unffiipping, shall be forfeited, Penalty, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and shall and maybe seized by any

OrnceT or Officers of Customs or Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector of Excise shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the said Drawbacks hereinbefore mentioned, then the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland out of Malt respectively, are required to pay the said Drawbacks out of any Money in their Hands, arising from the Duties. DutU». on Malt, or any of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be paid for or upon any Malt whatsoever exported* from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, nor shall any Debentute be made out for such Drawback until a Certificate shall be produced to the proper Officer of the Port at which such Malt shall have been shipped for Exportation, which Certificate shall be under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Supervisor or Officer belonging to the Port for which such Malt shall have been so shipped, certifying that the said Malt has been duly landed there.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Entry shall pass, nor shall any such Debenture be made out upon Exportation of Malt from Great Britain to Ireland, but in the Name of the real Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Malt, and before such Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors shall receive the Drawtack for or in respect of such Malt, One or more of such Owner or Owners or Proprietor or Proprietors,

shall upon the Debenture verify by Oath his or their so being the real Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the whole of such Malt, and that the said Malt is really and Iona Jide exported to and landed at the Place for which the fame was entered for Exportation.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt shipped in Great Britain for Exportation as aforesaid to Ireland, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or shall be landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, or any or either of them, then, and in every such Case, over and

Ma't intended to be exported to Ireland, tube mrafured on board in Presence of Officer.

Unmalted Grain mixed with Malt for Exportation. Penalty.

[Penalty.]

Certificate of Payment of Duty |wodui*e»l on entering Malt for Ireland. Oaih that Mali is the fame mentioned in Certificate.

In what case Commissioners

Drawback.

Relandi

Malt shipped fof Ireland.

Not paid wiiliom Certifu^te.

No fyitry t* pass, &c but Name of Owner.

above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to His Majesty's Use, all the Malt which shall be relanded.or landed, and the Value thereof, together with the Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited,

and

R*landinc Milt shipped for Ireland.

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1810.

70

Proceedings

thereon.

Search

Warrant*.

Constable, &c. to attend.

Obftnn^ing Search, &c.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for making Malt for importation without Duty, &c.

Obflruftinij «4Jfficers, &c.

[Penalty.]

Bribing Officers.

[Penalty.]

Pen&lties.how

recovered.

Former Acts in foree,

12 Car. 2. c. 24.

C. 53. 50° GEORGII III.

and all such Malt and Packages shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and the better to enable the Officers to discover any Malt shipped in Great Britain for Exportation to Ireland, and relanded in any Part of Great Britain or shipped in Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain, and unshipped, landed or delivered before the Countervailing Duties by the said Act imposed shall have been fully paid, if any Officer or Officers of Excise in England or Scotland shall have cause to suspect that any such Malt shall be deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then, and in such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be deposited, hid or concealed, Setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively (as the case may require), before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officers of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Malt to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Malt which he or they shall then and there find, together with the Packages containing the lame, and every such Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace mall, and he and they'is and are hereby required, on being thereto requested by any such Officer or Officers of Excise to go along with him or them, and to be present at the Execution of every such Warrant, and if any Person or Persons whatever shall let, obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Afliilance in the Execution of any such Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Malt to be so deposited, hid or concealed, or in Seizing or carrying away the fame or the Packages containing the fame, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person and Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence Severally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons from making Malt in Great Britain for Exportation, without Payment of any of the Duties on Malt, or from exporting Malt so made to Ireland, under and according to the Restrictions, Rules and Regulations, and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures provided or enabled by any Law or Laws now in force with regard to the making of Malt for Exportation, and Securing and exporting the fame, without being charged with the Duties from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, resist, oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after the same shall have been seized by such Officer or Officers, refeue or cause to be refeued any Malt entered' for Exportation from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or after such Seizure, or u'hilft any such Officer or Officers is or are attempting to seize any such Malt, shall destroy or damage such Malt, or any Part thereof, all and every Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence, for which no other Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excise, to connive at or permit any Malt entered for Exportation from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain, to be run on Shore, or to connive at any false or short Entry of any such Malt, or shall give or offer t give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in Execution of this Act or of the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, or to neglect to do or perform any Act or Acts, or Thing or Things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business and Doty of such Officer or Officers in Execution of this or the said Act, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any such Malt, or not to discover the fame, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence, whether the fame Offer or Proposal be accepted or not, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be Xued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Excho-quer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in capite, and Iy Knights Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any mother Law now iu force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing,

A.D. 1810.

71

5o° GEORGII III. C. 53, 54, 55-

ing, raising, levying, colliding, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be practised, used and put in Execution in the managing, raising levying, collcding, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties hereby granted, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect as to all such Matters and romm*nc«nent Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, Ad. from and immediately after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, and shall remain and continue in force during the Continuance of the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Enr couragement of the British Fisheries.

[9th June , 810.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and

W it is expedient that the fame should be revived and further continued; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, n 3 c loo

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in , 3Cvj, ed and ct.n-#

the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until the tinned till March

End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, to con- 25, 1S1U

tinue and amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty> intituled, An Act for the

more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty % for extending the Fi/heriesy and improving the Sea Coafi of this Kingdom; which

was amended and continued by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and revived, amended and continued by Six Acts, of the Forty first, Forty second, Forty fourth, 39 & 40G. 3;

Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty <*. hs.

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of 4 1

March be revived, and the fame is hereby revived and further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March \ c 79i

One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and all the Powers and Provisions of the said Act hereby revived and 4] 0*. c. h6

continued, sts to the Payment of Bounties, and all other Clauses, Restrictions, Matters, and Things, shall be 46 G. a. tv34.-

executed, allowed and put in force, as if the said Act had been continued before the said Twenty fifth Day 47 G. a.Stfl. a-

of March One thousand eight hundred and nine# c-

6 AM (+. 3. C. 66f>

CAP. LV.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Italian Silk, Crapes and Tiffanies, and to increase the Shares of Seizures payable to Officers in respect of Foreign wrought Silks and Foreign manufactured; Leather Gloves. f9th June 1810.]r

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisjpresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies of any Description whatever, except of China or the East Indies, imported for Exportation, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be imported, brought, or conveyed into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or the I Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and if any such Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, and which shall not have been imported, brought or conveyed into the fame respectively, and on which the proper Duty of Customs shall not have been paid before the passing of this Act, the fame (half be forfeited; and in case any such Foreign Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies shall, at the Time of the Importation, be mixed with, sewed or made up with any Apparel, Garment or Furniture or other Materials, all such Foreign Silk, Crapes and Tiffanies, and also the Apparel, Garment or Furniture, and other Material*?, m, with or upon which the same shall be mixed, sewed or made up, shall be forfeited, and the Importer and Importers, and the Person and Persons in whole Custody or Possession the said Crapes or Tiffanies, or Apparel, Garment or Furniture or other Materials shall be found, or who shall vend, utter, fellorexpose to sale, or otherwise dispose of any such Crapes or Tiffanies, or Apparel, Garment, Furniture or other Materials, or who shall few, work or make up any such Crapes or Tiffanies in Great Britain^ or the Iffands aforesaid, for, or in or upon any Garment or wearing Apparel, shall be subject and liable to tire like Penalties to which the Importers and Persons having in their Custody or Possession, or vending, uttering, felling or exposing to /ale, or otherwise disposing or sewing, working or making up any Foreign wrought Silks or Velvets are lub-jrd and liable by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets#

F 1L And

Importing

Foreign SiHf, CYaffS,

(except of or the hall Indies for Exportation

If made up with

Apparrl, &c.both

lur.eiutd.

Importer, .ccL'efr &c»

Penalty#

6 G. 3. C. lie

A.D. 1810.

]VnaM?t how recovered.

6 G. 3. c. 38.

IVvluct Of Sei-. zures.

Hour disposed of.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures by this A A fmposed shall be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in the same Manner, and by the fame Ways, Mfcans and Methods, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions in every respedi as the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Offence against the Paid recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered; and upon the Condemnation of any Silk, Crapes or Tiffanies hereby prohibited from being imported into Great Britain and the Islands aforesaid, the lame shall be publickly fold for Exportation only, under the like Security as is provided with rerpedi to Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets seized under the Authority of the said recited Act.

III. And whereas it is expedient to give further Encouragement to Officers of the Customs to induce them to be active in seizing Foreign wrought Silks, Velvets, Crapes and Tiffanies, and Foreign feanufactured Leather Gloves; Be it therefore enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Shares now allowed by Law for such Seizures, every Officer and Officers of the Customs by whom any such Foreign wrought Silks, Velvets, Crapes or Tiffanies, or Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves shall be seized, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to Two Third Parts of the Gross Produce arising by the Salfeof such Goods, although the Boat, Vessel, Cart, Horse or other Cattle or Carriage made use of in the removing, carrying or conveying of such Goods shall not have been seized or prosecuted, nor the Person or Persons concerned in unshipping or receiving such Goods, or in whose Custody or Possessun the same shall have been found and seized, shall not have been discovered and made known by such Officer or Officers of the Customs, so that he, she or they may he prosecuted for such Offence, and all Charges and Expences attending the Condemnation and Sale of the Goods shall be deduced out of the remaining One Third payable to His Majesty; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Six pence in the Pound, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

*7' First, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds by eharging

Annuities at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Civil List Revenues, till redeemed by the Crown } and for enabling His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors (by causing such a DeduQion to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the Civil Lists the Payments which shall have been made upon the said Annuities; and for borrowing upon certain Lottery Tickets; and for discharging the Corporations for Assurances of Part of the Money which, they were obliged to pay to His Majesty; and for making good a Deficiency to the 419.*East India Company; it was, among other things, enacted, that it might be lawful for His Majesty to eause

4 a Deduction to be made not exceeding Six pence in the Pound, out of all Monies which after the First Day4 of August should be paid for or upon all Pensions and Annuities, payable upon any of the said Hereditary or Temporary Duties, for and upon all Salaries, Fees and Wages payable for or in respedi of Offices of Profit,

granted by or derived from the Crown, with certain Exceptions therein particularly specified 2 And whereas la G. 1 e. a.*by another A & passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First,

§ it. 4 intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Ont Million, to be raised by way of Lottery, the said

Deductions were Further continued for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; And whereas by another 31 G. 9. c. 22. 4 Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

4 A3 for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, ajid upon 4 IVindows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities ana a Lottery, to be charged on the*l*4 said Rates and Duties, it was, among other things, enacted, that there should be yearly raised, levied and

paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Sum of One Shilling, over and above all other Duties already charged or payable, for every Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries, Fees and Perquisites incident to, or received for or in respedi of all Offices and Employments of Profit in Great Britain, and the like Sum of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of all Pensions and other Gratuities,

payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain, exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum: And whereas by another Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His 02 G. 2.«. 3a. 4 said late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the lafi

1 Session of Parliament intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon IVindows or Lights, and for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities,

' and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties, so far as the fame relates to the Rates and Duties on Offices and Pensions, certain Provisions were made for collecting and paying the said last mentioned Duty of One 97 G. n. c. 13. 4 Shilling in the Pound 2 and whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His

\ t7.*present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise9 and granting other

Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue;

for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, IVarcs and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of Mr French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, the said relpediive Duties of Six pence and One Shilling were carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund; And whereas At G. <. o. 4 by anothei Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

4 4 continuing

A.D. 181d. 50° GEORGII III. C. 56, 57.

continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malty Sugary Tobacco and Snuffy in Great Britain; and on Pensions and Offices in England/ and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Six pence and One Shilling respectively oh Offices and Pensions; and for regulating the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling 4 rtJfieOively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ei\ by which the said recited Acts passed in the Seventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His said tote Majesty King George the First, and the said recited Act in the Thirty first and Thirty second Years of the Reign of«His said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, so far as the same relate to the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling in the Pound respectively, should from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight,

4 be and the lame were thereby repealed with an Exception therein mentioned: and it was by the said toft recited Act enacted, that for and upon all Pensions charged upon any of His Majesty's Revenues, or any Rates or

Duties granted to His Majesty, or upon the Contingent Fund, Fees or Incidents of any Office, or upon any Publick Monies, and also upon all Salaries, Fees or Wages, payable for or in respect of any Offices of Profit granted by or derived from the Crown, upon, for or in respect of which before the passing of this Ati, the find Deduction of Six pence in the Pound was charged or chargeable, there should be imposed a Duty of Six«pence in the Pound, and for and upon every Twenty Shillings of the yearly Value or Amount of all Salaries,

Fees and Perquisites, incident to or received for or in respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit, and for every Twenty Shillings of all Pensions and other Gratuities payable out of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty in Great Britain, or out of the Contingent Fund, Fees or Incidents of any Office, or out of any

pu i ick Monies exceeding the Value of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and in respect of which Pensions or other Gratuities, before the passing of the said toft recited Act, the said Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound was charged or chargeable, or made or liable to be made, there should be charged a Duty of One Shifting 5 and it was by the said Iaft recited Act further eroded, That the said several Duties of Six pence and One Shilling respectively, by the said Act granted, should be charged and chargeable for Oue Year,

from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight: And whereas another Act was

passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of

One Shilling and Sin fence, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, mid on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends, and thereby granted for one Tear to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, by which it was enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, there fhotild be assessed, raised, levied and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other Payments, Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perqutfites, as set forth in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, tl»e 4 several Rates and Duties respectively mferted and contained therein: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Rates and Duties specified in such Schedule extend to the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling respectoely, charged and chargeable in Scotland, by the said recited Acts passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said tote Majesty King George the First, and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second Be it it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling respectively, shall be assessed, raised, levied and paid in Scotland, for the Purposes directed by the said last recited Act, forad in respect of all Pensions and Annuities, and for and in respect of all Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perquisites, Stad for and in respect of all Pensions or Gratuities, for or in respect of which or of any of which the said Duties were respectively charged or chargeable in Scotland, prior to the passing of the said last recited Act, by virtue the said Two recited Acts, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, or by virtte of^my Act or Acts passed prior to the passing of the said last recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, in the manner in which the fame were respectively raised, assessed, levied and paid prior to the passing of the said recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for the'more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cottou in Great Britain.*[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is 4 W expedient that the fame should be revived and further continued* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mon Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; which was to continue ui force for Two Years' from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act was by several subsequent Acts further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, # until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, except so much thereof as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customj on the Importation of Brimstone used afed consumed io iqaking Oil of Vitriol.

50 Geo. III. L CAP.

73

§ 17.

4 is.

§ 19.

49 G. a. c. c*-'.

§ 1.

The Duties, of 6d. and Is. to be raised in Scotland.

49 G. 3. C. 2.

23 G. 3. c. 77. revived and continued till March 23, JH15, except certain Drawbacks.

A.D. 1810.

46 G. 3. C. 133.

§1.

49 C. 3.C. 67.

41-

Time extended.

4'J G. 3. c. 116.

§7*.

Prorifion for Redemption by Sale of Part of filth Iaocb, Sic.

Rent Chalet paid equivalent to Land Tax redeemed,

if not declared to b* suspended during incam* Wwj.

C. 58. 50° GEORGII III.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to amend several AGs for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an AG passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts pajfedfor the Redemption and Sale of toe Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Taxy the Commissionere appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purpose of regufating9 direGing, approving and confirming Sales for the Redemption of the Land Tax, were authorized at any time within the Space of Two Yea re after the passing of the said AG to direG the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments belonging to aoy Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions under the Restrictions and Regulations therein contained 1 4 And whereas by an AG passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for amending the said last mentioned AG, and for making further Provision for exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax, it was enacted that it should and might be lawful for the said Commissioners at any time within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months, after the passing the said AG, to direG the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or otjier Hereditaments, in the manner and under the Directions and Restrictions in the said AG mentioned or referred*to: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Term limited by the said last mentioned AG for carrying the Purposes thereof into Execution, Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time within the Space of One Year from the passing of this AG, to direG the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments as aforesaid, in such manner and under such Directions and Restrictions as in the said AG of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty are expressed or referred to, in such and the same manner as if such Commissionere had been authorized by the said last mentioned AG to direG the Exoneration and Discharge of such Land Tax, at any time within the Space of Two Years from the passing thereof; Provided that all such Memorials ai\d Certificates as by the said AG are required to be transmitted to the said Commissioners, shall be transmitted within Twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this AG.

II. And whereas by an AG passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* 4 An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into One ASt and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubte respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at ElcSions for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament in respect of Mejfuagesy Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, aH Corporations Aggregate are enabled by the Sale of Lands, or by the Grant of Rent Charges, to provide for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands, Tithes and other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of such Corporations Aggregate respectively, in Cases where such Land Tax shall have been or shall be redeemed by or on behalf of such Corporations Aggregate; and it is expedient that similar Powers should be given to Corporations Sole and to Companies; Be it therefore further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tithes or other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of any Archbishop, Bishop, or other Corporation Sole, or any Company or Companies, shall have been or shall be redeemed by or on the Behalf of any such Bodies Politick or.Corporate or Companies, by virtue of any of the Provisions of the said recited AGs or of this AG, it shall be lawful for any such Archbishop, Bishop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, to provide for such Redemption by Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Archbishop, Bishop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate, or Companies respectively, or by the Grant of any Rent Charge which they could or might respectively lawfully make for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Lands belonging to such Archbishop, Bishop or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, and the Land Tax so redeemed shall be forthwith extinguished; but every such Archbishop, Bishop or Body Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Company, shall nevertheless be entitled to an Annual Rent Charge, issuing out of such Living eqnivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, unless it shall be declared in Writing under the Seal or Common Seal of the Archbishop, Bishop, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, having such Right of Patronage or Nomination at the Time of pfcfenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, that such Rent Charge shall be suspended during his or their Incumbency or respective Incumbencies, which Declaration the Archbishop, Bishop, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, entitled to nominate to such Living or Livings, shall from time to time be competent to make: Provided always, that such Suspension shall be without Prejudice to the Right of the said Archbishop, Bishop, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies respectively, to recover such Rent Charge after the next or any future Avoidance: Provided also, that any Declaration made by any such Archbishop, Bishop, Bodies Politick or Corporate, whether Sole or Aggregate or Companies, at the time of redeeming the said Land Tax, shall be as available during the Incumbency of the then RcGor, Vicar or Curate, as if it had been made at the Time of his being preferred to such Living.

III. And whereas it is expedient to make Provisions for the Enrolment or Registry of Deeds which have not been duly enrolled or registered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited AGs of the Forty second 4nd Forty sixth Years of His present Majesty, and of the several other AGs passed relating to the Kedemp-

1 % 4 tioa

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 58, 59, 60. 75

tion of Land Tax, 1 Be it therefore enacted, That all Deeds required by the said recited Act or any other What Daeds t* Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, to be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although be registered the same shall not have been or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts w'dua a Year. , respectively; Provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or registered within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing thereof.

IV. And whereas in several Pari (he s or Places in Great Britain the Whole of the Land Tax charged thereon has been or may be exonerated by Redemption or Purchase, by reason whereof there may not be

any Funds in the Hands of the Collectors of the Land Tax to pay Rewards for apprehending Desertera

which by Law are made payable out of the Land Tax in the Hands of such Collectors For Remedy '

whereof, Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act in every Parish or Place in Great Britain, where the Whole of the Land Tax has been or shall be redeemed, it shall be lawful for the

Collectors of the Duties of AffelTed Taxes, and they are hereby required, upon any Order, to pay Rewards

for apprehending Deserters, to pay the same out of any Monies in their Hands arising from any of the Duties for

of AffelTed Taxes, in such manner and under such Reltridions and Regulations as are by Law now applicable CTtCTi#

to the Payment of such Rewards out of the Land Tax; Provided that the Receiver General of the said

Duties shall from time to time replace the said Duties of AffelTed Taxes out of any Monies of the Land Tar

in his Hands at such times and in such manner as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct, and the Monies To paid shall be allowed to him in his Accounts of the said Land Tax.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money be* longing to the Public, by any Collector, Receiver, or other Person entrusted with the Receipt,

Care or Management thereof.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it ia most expedient that due Provision should be made more effectually to prevent the Embezzlement of Money or Securities for Money belonging to the Publick, by any Collector, Receiver

4 or other Officer entrusted with the Receipt, Custody or Management thereof : Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person Embezzling or Persons to whom any Money or Securities for Money shall be issued for Publick Services, shall from and Money issued fos after the passing of this Act embezzle such Money, or in any manner fraudulently apply the same to his own Public Services. Use or Benefit, or for any Purpose whatever except for Publick Services, every inch Person so offending, and Miiaemwnor, being thereof duly coMvided according to Law, in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be adjudgedr# guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be sentenced to be transported beyond the Sea, or to receive such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanor*, and as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer, Collector or Receiver so entrusted with the Receipt, Officer* giving is Custody or Management of any Part of the Publick Revenues, shall knowingly furnish false Statements or f*lfe Statement* Returns of the Sums of Money collected by him or entrusted to his Care, or of the Balances of Money in his of Mone7 Hands or under his Controul, such Officer, Collector or Receiver so offending, and being thereof convicted, theic

shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be adjudged to suffer the Punishment of Fine and Imprison- Misdemeanor, roent, at the Discretion of the Court, and be rendered for ever incapable of holding or enjoying any Officp lie.

Under the Crown.

CAP. LX.

An Act for permitting the Exportation to Newfoundland of Foreign Salt, Duty-free, from the Import Warehouses at the rort of Bristol \ and for repealing so much of an A fk of the last Sessiotras allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, to be shipped in any Port of, Europe direct; to certain Ports in North America.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among 39 G. 4 other Things, for amending an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, reciting,

amoog other Things, that it was expedient to allow any such Foreign Salt as is in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, to be taken from and out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, as is in the find Ad 4 mentioned, for the Purpose in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid mentioned, it is enacted that f*.

4 it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons within Twelve Months after the Importation and landing thereof, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose of exporting the fame in any Ship or Vessel not of Ids Burthen than Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Co4 Fish, Ling or Hake, to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding Fifty Bushek at a Time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, at either of the Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth or Glasgowt in which the fame had been put in manner in the said last mentioned Act mentioned, on giving such bond or Security as is in the said last mentioned Act mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to allow the Exportation of any such Foreign Salt from the Port of Bristol in manner and for the Pmpose aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Lz hmtf

Foreign Salt exported to Newfoundland Grom Import Ware-Loufes In BrtHol, Duty-free.

Regulations of 39 G. 8. c. 65. extended to Bristol.

49 G. 3. c 47. §1. as to Salt repealed.

fame, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons within Twelve Months after the Importation and Landing thereof, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose of immediately exporting the fame in any Ship or Vessel not of less Burthen than Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fife, Ling or Hake, to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding Fifty Bushels at a Time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Stone-house or Cellar, at the Port of Bristol, in which the fame has been put according to the Regulations of the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, upon giving the like Bond or Security, and under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions by the said Act made in the Thirty jainth Year aforesaid, provided, settled or established, for or in respect of Foreign Salt taken free of Duty for the Purpose aforesaid, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, at the said Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth and Glasgow respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and fiugular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Matters and Things which are, in or by the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, contained, provided, settled or established, for or in respect of or relating to the taking from or out of any Import Wane-house, Storehouse or Cellar, at either of the said Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth or Glasgow, Foreign Salt, free of Duty, for the Purposes in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid mentioned, shall be observed, practised, applied and put in execution, for and in respect of the taking from or out of any Im-

?ort Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, at the said Port of Bristol, as fully and effectually to all Intents and 'urposes as if all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Matters and Things had been inserted and re-enacted in this Act, and hereby expressly enacted for and in respect of any such Foreign Salt as last aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of the Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production or Manufa3\ire of Europe, to be laden audshipped on board Ships arriving with British North American Produce, and Fish taken by Settlers in the British North American Colonies at any Port ^Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Porte in the British Colonies and Plantations in North America, as allows Salt, the Produce of any Part of Europe# South of Cape Finisterre, to be shipped and laden in any Port or Place whatever, in such Parts of Europe for Exportation direct to the several Ports in North America, in the said Act particularly eiuimcrated, shall he and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for making Sugar and Coffee, of Guadaloupe, Saint Euflntia, Saiftt Martin and Saba, liable to the same Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations.

£9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Hlands of Guadeloupe, Saint Euficuia, Saint Martin and Saba, in the West Indies, % tv have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms, and are now io His Majesty's Possession* in couse-

quence whereof the Trade of the said lfiands is now by Law to be carried on in the fame maa-

ner as the Trade of the other BritUb Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies: And whereas it

is expedient at prefect that Si^gar .aucfCoffee, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the £?id Islands*

should not be permitted to be imported into this Iwingdom upon the fame Terms as Sugar and Coffee of the

British Plantations Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sugar and Coffee, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the Islands of Gaudaloupe, Saint Euflntia, Saint Martin and Saba, imported into this Kingdom, shall be subject to the Payment of such Duties, ami also to such Rules, Regulations and Redri&iortt, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by Law impofod and provided in the Case of Importations of Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations, any Law, Cndom or Usage to the contrary not with lUading.

CAP. LXir.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in the Isle of Man.

[9th June j 810.J

WHEREAS divers Laws have been made within these late Years for the more effectual preventing of

Vi Smuggling in the United Kingdom, and it is expedient that certain of the Provisions and Regulations therein contained (hemId be extended to the Isle of Man, and also that some further Provisions and Regulatione applicable to that Kland (houkl be made for the fame important Object; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mol Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

Perftmt found on and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and

boardVcfTeU or after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, every iferson being a Subject of His Ma-e^oyed tn un- jesty, who shall be found or taken on board or discovened to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat found ^ippiag."spurns, or dtfwsvered to have been within any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of or belonging to the Isle of Man, or anchor or hovering within Throe Leagues of the Shores thereof, such Ship, Vessel or Boat having 00 board any Spirits* Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Balt liable to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the polling of this Act, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board fuclt Ship# Vessel or Boat, and every Person found aiding or assisting in unshipping any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, being illegally ou board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, wkhin the Limits of any of the Ports of

' .'the

A.D. 1810.

77

50° GEORGII III. C. 62.

the said Isle without Payment of the Duties due thereon, or hating, or who shall be found carrying, conveying, concealing or assisting in the carrying, conveying or concealing any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, which shall have been clandrftinely imported or illegally landed in the said Isle, or who shall be found aiding or affixing in the loading or putting into any Ship, Vtrflel or Boat for the Purpose of being exported from tlu.* said Isle, °/ u» loading any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Treble tin Value of the Goods so illegally unshipped, carried away, conveyed or concealed, Penally, or loaded or put off for the Purpose of Exportation at the Option and subject to the Election Discretion of the Cuinmissioners of the Customs in England 5 and every such Offence may be enquired of, ex- Offences where amined, tried and determined in any Courts to bt holden in His Majestys Name, or by virtue of His At1* tried* thority in the said Isle f Man, according to the usual Course of Proceeding in such Courts respectively, at the Election of the said Commissioners.

II. And be it further enadfd, That the Statement, Allegation or Averment of the Fad, that the said Averment that

Commissioners had made such Option or Election or exercised such Discretion in the Information for the Re- J-wwiiGonmof-covery of either the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods, shall be deemed and as

taken to be sufficient Evidence to found or warrant a Conviction on such Information without any further or to penalty aa-other Evidence of the Fad that the Commissioners had made such Optiou or Election, or exercised such Dif- mitted. crction 5 and all the Powers and Authorities of an Act passed in the Fifth Yeas of the Reign of His prefect

Majesty, inti ul 1, An A i flr the more effcQually preventing the MiJ'chiefs arising to the Revenue and C emmetc* f* x'yl+w*'*'eA of Great Bri ind Ireland, from the illiat and clamlejl'ine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, ir. relation tp Penalties e*. the issuing of Process in the said Isle of Man, and requiring Bail of the Offenders, and all the Provisions, to this-

Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained for compelling the Appearance of Persons rciiding and be- Act. ing in the Isle of Man, either to answer any Information exhibited in any of the Courts in the said Isle, or to give Evidence upon the Trial of any Caule therein depending, shall extend and be deemed, condoled and taken to extend to, and shall apply and be in full Force and put in Execution in every case where any Information shall be exhibited in auy^of the said Courts for the Recovery of any Penalty under this As, |is fully and effectually to all Intents and Turposes as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commissioned Officer of the Arm)'* Pr the Officers of the

Jdiliti* while embodied, or for any Commissioned Officer of any other of His Majesty's Forces while*

on Service in the said JJlc of Man, or for any Commissioned Officer of the Navy 01 Marines, or for any ^umi"

Officer of the Customs, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to flop, arrest VcHtis.

and detain any Person, being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found on board any Ship, Vess-J or Bpat found or difeovrred to have been within any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of or belonging to the Isle of Mate, or at anchor or hovering within Three Leagues of the Shores thereof, having on board£y Spirits, Tea,

Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, liable to Forfeiture by any Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, or who shall be found aiding or assisting in the unshipping any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco,

Coffee or Salt within the Limits of any of thr Port* of the said Isle of Man> without Payment of the Duties due thereoo, or who shall be found carrying, conveying or concealing, or affiftme* in the carrying away, conveying or concealing any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, which shall have been clande {finely imported oj illegally landed in the said isle, or who shall be found aiding or affiAing ip loading or putting it to any Ship, Vessel or Boat, any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Coffee or Salt, Tor the Purpose of being exported from the said Isle* and to convey him before the Governor, Deputy Governor, ora fhemto^ieG Deem ft cr there, who it and are hereby authorized and required, upon Proof on Oath (which he ?nd they it and are hereby authorized and required to admitiifter) by One or more credible Witness or Witnessos, Qatli.*that such Prrfoa was so found or taken, or having been on board any ivch Ship, Vessel or Boat, or aiding or affirting in such unffiipping, carrying away, conveying or concealing of Spirits, Tea, Tobacco,

Coffee or Salt, without Payment of the Duties, or in the loading or putting into any Ship, Vessel or Boat, any Spirits Tea, Tobacco, C See or Salt, for the Purpose of being exported from the said Isle, nuless any such Pc lion found on hoard of rny such Snip, Vc&l or Boat, prove to the Satisfaction of such Governor or Deputy (Governor, or Deemfter, that he was only apaffiygeron board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, to hold such Person ld Bail, una Two good aid sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pound* each, for the Appearance of such Person to answer to ai)y Information that may be brought agfiiuft him in tjmt Behalf in the bid Isle of Man, and to pay such Penalty, and abide any Judgment for any such Offence; and in Default of Comimimr-mj any such Person finding good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the fame IhajJ be found, to commit such Person to any Goal or Prison, or Houfo of Correctioa, in the said Isle, to aoswer as aforesaid; Provided In wlwt rafemay neverthelcfjs, that if any Pe/fon £b found, or dffcovered and taken, arrested or detained, is capable and drfirpus lie put on boarU of entering and forving as a Seamen or wy of His Majesty's Ships of War, pr being a Seaman or SUij* of War to

Seafaring Man, is fit and able to serve His Majesty, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Army, so'cHis Maj^ Militia, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs, by whom such Person was taken, arrested and detained as aforesaid, ty* c* or die Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfter, before whom any fych person may be carried, and fudb O&ctr and Officers is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required, iuilead of taking such Person before the Governor, Deputy Governor or Deemfter, and such Governor, Deputy Governor pr Deemfter, is and are hereby authorized, inllcad of holding any such Person to Bail, to carry and convey, or cause to be carried or conveyed, such Person on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a Seaman or Marine; or any such Person being a Seaman or a Seafaring Mao may, it fit and able to serve H is Majesty, be impre^ed into His Majesty's Naval Service, and for that Purpose may be conveyed to any Sliip or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Service, or delivered over to any Officer employed in II is Majesty's Im-

4: Prest:

A.D. 1810.

Dlfcharpng, &c. such Person*.

C*(hiered.

Praviso.

Rerord to Officer where Penalty not recovered.

45 G. 3. c. 121.

Powers of Seizure to Officer* of the Army, See.

Prurifo.

Share* to he paid tr* Officer* hi lieu of Shares of Seizures.

prest Service; and such Person being so entered and received or impressed, shall not on any Account be discharged from His Majesty's Service during the Term of Five Years, and from thence until the Conclusion of any War in which His Majesty may be engaged at the Period of the Expiration of such Five Years, unless disablea within that Time by unavoidable Accident or bodily Infirmity 5 and any Officer of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, who shall presume knowingly and wilfully to discharge any Person so entered and received or impressed as aforesaid contrary to this Act, or shall by false Muller or Certificate, or in consideration of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collulive or evaiive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit any such Person to avoid the actual Service hereby intended, every such Officer shall, on Conviction for any such Offence, e ther by any Court Martial, or on any Information filed by His Majesty's Attorney General, be cafiiiered: Provided always, that no Person so taken, arrested or detained, and entering as a Seaman, or being impressed, shall be liable to forfeit any such Penalty of Treble Value, or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, unless such Person shall thereafter desert His Majesty's Service, or quit the fame without being duly discharged.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Petion so found and taken, arrested or detained as aforesaid, entering to serve His Majesty, or being impressed as aforesaid, no Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, and they are hereby required on Proof made to their Satisfaction of such Arrest, Taking and Detention as aforesaid, and of such entering or impressing into His Majesty's Service as aforesaid, ' to reward the Person or Persons who would, if any Penalty or Forfeiture had been recoverable, have been entitled to any Part thereof, with such Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, asunder all the Circumstances of the Case shall to such Commissioners appear proper 5 and every Officer of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs, detaining and conviAing any Person or Persons liable to be detained or prosecuted under an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be allowed such Sum of Money for such Person not exceeding Twenty Pounds, exclusive of any Share of the Penalty which may be recovered from any such Offender, and such Reward may and shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of any Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties on Foreign Spirits, Tea or Tobacco.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioned Officer of the Army, or the Militia while embodied, or any Commissioned Officer of any other of His Majesty's Military Forces while on Service in the said IJlc of Man, and every Commissioned Officer of the Navy or Marines shall have the like Powers of Seizure as are vested in the Officers of the Customs in the said IJlc of Man; and all Powers, Authorities, Exemptions and Exceptions, and all Privileges and Protections in relation to any other A At, Matters or Things done, or that maybe done, by any Officer of the Customs, under any A A of Parliament for the Protection of the Revenue of Customs, or the Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain or the said IJlc of Mans shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to, and be in full Force and put in execution in all Cases, and for all Purposes, and be used and exercised in the said IJlc of Man by any such Commissioned Officer of the Army, Militia, or the Military Forces while on Service there, or by any Commissioned Officer of the Navy or Marines, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Con ft ni A ion 8 and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Exceptions, 'Privileges and Protections, were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act; Provided, that all Ships, Vessels, Boats and Goods seized by any such Commissioned Officers under the Provi-iion* of this Act, shall forthwith be delivered to, or lodged in the Custody of the proper Officer of the Cut terns duly authorized to receive the same, who shall thereupon take an Account thereof, and give a Certificate that such Goods have been so lodged and deposited in his Custody or Possession.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Shares now by Law allowed to Officers of the Customs and other Persons legally authorized to seize any Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, in the said IJlc of Man, the Shares herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of all such Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee and Salt, which shall be made from and after the passing of this A A, that is to lay, in the Case*of any such Seizures in any Bay, Harbour, River or Creek of the said Isle, if the Officer of the Customs or other Person making the same shall also arrest, (lop and detain the Persons or some or one of them who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt shall be or (halfhave been brought, found or seized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, and shall take or convey or cause every Person to arrested, Sopped or detained, to be taken or conveyed before the Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter of the said Isle, or on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or to any Officer employed in His Majesty's Imprest Service, to be dealt with as the Case may be agreeably to the Directions of this A A, then, and in such Case, such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall, upon the Condemnation of such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Net Proceeds thereof, and in the Case of such Seizures made on Shore in the said Isle, if the Officer or other Person making the same shall also stop, arrest and detain the Persons, or some or one of them from whom the same shall be seized, and shall takd or carry, or cause every person so arrested, (lopped or detained, to be taken or carried before the said Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter, to be dealt with according to Law, then, and in such Case, such Officer of the Customs or other Persons so making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff, (hairbe entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Net Proceeds thereof $ and in case of the Seizure of such Articles, whether on the Water or on Shore in the said IJlc of Mant if the Officer of the Customs or other Person making the same shall also seize and prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board of which such Spirits, Tobacco or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or the Cattle or Carriages uled or employed in moving or conveying the fame, but (half not also stop, arrest and detain the Persons or (bme or 4>ne of them who shall be or (naif have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board

which

A.D. 1810.

5o* GEORGII III.

C. 6.

79

which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, fh&U be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or in unlading, removing or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, or the Persons or some or one of them from whom the same shall be seized and taken, or carry or cause all and every such Persons so flopped, arrested or detained, to be taken or carried before the Governor or Deputy Governor or a Deemfter of the said Isle, to be dealt with according to Law; then, and in such Case, the Officer of the Customs or other Persons making such Seizure shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Third of the Proceeds of such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt; and in case any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, shall make Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, and shall neither seize and prosecute or cause to be prosecuted, the Shrp, Vessel or Boat, Cattle or Carriages, in on on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee and Salt shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized, or which shall be tired or employed in removing or conveying the fame, nor shall (lop, arrelt and detain the Persons, or some or one of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel or Boat in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt shall be or shall have been brought, found or seized or in unlading, removing or carrying such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt, or from whom the same shall be seized or taken, or shall not carry or convey, or cause all and every such Persons so arrested, (lopped or detained, to be carried or conveyed before the Governor or Deputy Governor, or a Deemfter of the said Isle 5 then, and in such Case, the Officer or other Person making such Seizure shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One Fourth Part of the Net Proceeds of such Spirits, Tobacco, Tea, Coffee or Salt: Provided that in all Cases where any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid shall, upon the Seizure of any Goods whatever liable to Forfeiture, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the bud Isle of Man or for the Prevention of Smuggling there, also seize the Catts, Horses, Cattle or Carriages made use of in the Removing, Carriage or Conveyance of any such Goods, and the same shall be condemned, such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons, in every such Case, shall be entitled to Three Fourths of the Net Proceeds of such Carts, Horses, Cattle and Carriages respectively, after all Charges attending the Prosecution and Sale thereof shall be deducted.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where any such Officers and Persons as aforesaid shall seize within the Limits of any of the Ports of the Isle of Man or in any of the British or Irish Channels or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, any Spirits which shall have been sunk or concealed under or in the Water within such Limits or Di^ance, every fneb Officer and Person so seizing such Spirits shall be, and be and they is, and are hereby allowed One Moiety of the Proceeds thereof, deducing the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that Ships, Vessels ana Boats seized and condemned in the fjlcof Man,

and which are calculated for illicit Trade, should be disposed of, and the Officers seizing the fame rewarded

according to the Practice in the like Cases in Great Britain; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That upon the Condemnation of any Ship, Vessel or Boat, in the said Isle of Man of illegal Built or Construction, or which shall be illegally rigged or fitted, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England to direct such Ship, Vessel or Boat to be disposed of, and the Produce thereof to be divided in the same manner as Ships, Vessels and Boats illegally built, constructed, rigged or fitted are now by Law directed to be disposed of, and the Produce therm divided upon Condemnation in Great Britain; and when any such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be broken up, the Officer or Officers of the Customs, or of the Army, Militia, Navy or Marines, or other Person or Persons by whom such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall have been seized, shall be entitled to, and in like manner paid the like Tonnage Rewards as are payable to the Officers seizing Ships, Vessels or Boats of such illegal Built, Construction, Rigging or Fitting, m Great Britain; that is to say, to such Officer or Officers for all such Vessels or Boats as shall exceed Four Tons by Admeasurement, which shall be seized and condemned, an Allowance of Forty Shillings per Ton, according to the legal Admeasurement thereof; and for all such Boats which shall not exceed Four Tons by Admeasurement, and which shall be seized and condemned, an Allowance of Fifty Shillings per Ton; and for all Ships, Vessels and Boats, which, on account of their Built, Construction, Denomination or Description are liable to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, or hereafter to be made, and which shall be liable to he broken up, and which said Ships, Vessels and Boats, at the time of the Seizure thereof, shall be found in Ballast or light, an Allowance of Thirty Shillings ter Ton, to be paid upoa the Condemnation of such Ships, Vessels and Boats, according to the legal Aameasurement thereof; and also One Moiety of the Produce of the Materials of such Ships, Vessels or Boats respectively, after deducing therefrom the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall by Force or Violence affaulc, refill, oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Commissioned Officer of the Army or Militia while embodied, or any Commissioned Officer of His Majesty's Military Forces while on Service in the said Isle of Man, or any Commissioned Officer of the Navy or Marines, or any Officer of the Customs, or any Person or Persons aiding or assisting in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given or granted, such Person being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transoorted for Seven Years, or sentenced to be imprisoned in any House of Correction or any Common Gaol in the said JJkof Mans and kept to bard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Years, at the Discretion of the Court before whom the Offender shall be tried and convicted as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall maliciously (hoot at, maim or dangerously wound any such Officer as aforesaid, while acting in the due JBxecutioa of his or their Duty, under any of the Powers, Authorities or Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending, and every Person aiding, abetting or assisting therein, shall, being thereof lawfully confided, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and mall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

[Proviso.]

Allowance to Persons seizing Spirits within certain Limits.

VeflcTs condemned, haw disposed of.

Tonnage Rewards to Officers*

ObflruAifg

Officers.

Punishmrot.

Shooting at Officers

Death.

0

Secretary of Siaie may autho-luc Exportation of Machinery for

crewing a Miut li) the Brazils.

Officers of the Customs may enter Machinery, &c.

SecretarynfState may authorise ConlrmSls with Artificers to £0 cut of the Kingdom j

and to do any

tiling necessary for executing xhe Work.

Secretary of State to determine Questions.

C. 63, 64. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Cap. Lxm.

An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting

a Mint in the Brazils.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS Hi's Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal and the Brazils is desirous of

erecting and establishing a Mint in the Brazils9 and of procuring and exporting the Machinery

necessary for that Purpose from this Kingdom: And whereas Doubts may arise whether any Person in tint

Kingdom can execute the fame, without being subject to certain Penalties and Forfeitures* Be it therefore tftd&ed by the King's MoH Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Writing or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, under such Restrictions and Conditions, and in such manner as His Majesty shall think proper, to license and authorize all and every Person and Persons whom the said Prince Regent or any Person authorized by lrinl for that Purpose, shall think fit to employ for such Purposes, to have in his or their Power, Custody or Possession, with intent to export, and to collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure to be made, with intent to export, and to export, and to do or cause to be done all or any Acts whatsoever, in or for, or towards the exporting, or which shall be necesFary to enable him or them to make, obtain, have or procure for exporting, and to enable him or them to export any Machinery, Tools, Utensils, Implements or other things ot what Nature fuever, or any Parts thereof, or arty Models or Plans or Parts thereof, for the tflvftually enabling such Persons as aforesaid to crVft and establish, or cause to be erected and cflablished, such Mint as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Tilings which shall be done in pursuance of and according to such Licence and Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary not with (landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of His Majesty's Custoras, and they are hereby required to take Entries and iign Cocquets, Warrants and Sufferances, and to do or cause to be done all Acts necessary for the entering outwards, shipping or exporting such Machinery, Tools, Utensils, Implements, Models, Plans and Things as aforesaid, or any Parts thereof respectively; and that the fame or the Packages thereof, or the Goods packed therewith, shall not be liable to Seizure by such Officers or others; and also that it shall be lawful for all Captains and Mailers of Ships, Vessels, Lighters or Boats, to take the fame on board thereof, for the Purpose of exporting the fame, and in their said Ships, Vessels, Lighters and Boats to export the fame, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as any other Goods or Merchandize may now by Law be exported.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Persons whom he shall name for that Purpose, to encourage, persuade, contract and agree with such Artificers and Workmen, and others, as he or such Person or Penons shall think it necessary to employ for the Purpose of erecting and establishing stich Mint as aforesaid, or for any Purpose relative thereto, to go out of this Kingdom for aay fheh Purpose, and all Acts done by such Person and Persons, and such Workmen, Artificers and others, in conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall be deemed and taken to be lawful Acts, any Law or Statute to the contranr notwithstanding.

IV And, for the better enabling any such Person or Persons to undertake and execute such Work as aforesaid, Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's said Principal Secretaries of Statp, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Persons to do or cause to be done any other Matter, Ad or Thing not herein specified, which it shall appear necessary or expedient to such Secretary to license or authorize, for the enabling such Person or Persons, or the Persons employed by him or them to execute such Work as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Things done in conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall be and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any Question shall arise whether any Ad, Matter or Thing done or procured to be done by any such Person relative to such Work as aforesaid, bath been done or procured to be done in conformity to any such Licence or Authority as aforesaid, or according to the Intent and Meaning thereof, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, upon Application made by any such Person, or on his Behalf, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to declare whether the fame hath been done in conformity thereto, or according to such Intent and Meaning, and the Declaration of His Majesty's said Secretary so made, that the fame hath been so done, shall be final and conclusive Evidence that the fame hath been so done, and shall be received in all Cases as such final and conclusive Evidence.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Waves and Merchandize, from the Port in Great Britain where first warehoused, to any other warehousing Port for the Purpose of Exportation.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient to permit the Removal of Goods, Ware* and Merchandize from the Port where first warehoused to any other warehousing Port within Great Britain for the Purpose bf Exportation }' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Goods freared in Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Barehouse ui- the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 64.

81

Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which have been or may be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses in the Port of London, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in IVarehouse without Payment of Duty, or which have been or may be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses at any other Port of Great Britain, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorise the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned, or of another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Ptovijions of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehousedin Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the Bond direBedto he given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty by the Mafers and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, to remove any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any of the said Ports, either by Sea or Inland Navigation to any other Port of Great Britain, where the like Articles are by Law allowed to be secured in Warehouses under the Regulations of the said Acts or either of them, for the Purpose of being exported from such Port, subject to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions hereafter mentioned; that is to say, before any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be taken from or delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee shall and he is hereby required to give at least Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing to the Ware-house-keeper or other proper Officer in whose Charge such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may then remain, of his Intention so to remove the fame, specifying in such Notice the particular Goods, Wares or Merchandize so intended to be taken out of such Warehouse, the Number, Marks and Descriptions of each Package, and the Kind and Species of Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein contained, and in what Ship imported, and by whom entered Inwards, and thereupon the proper Officer shall take a true and particular Account thereof by Weight, Gauge, Tale or otherwise, as the Cale may require, and when by reason of any Effect produced by Weather or from the Length of time, any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize or any Part thereof may have been so warehoused, the same shall be deficient of the actual Weight or Quantity ascertained and taken Account of at the time of the Importation thereof, then, and in such Case, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee shall, and he is hereby required to pay the proper Officers the full Duties of Customs and Excise upon such Deficiency, previous to the Removal of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Warehouse.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Contents shall be marked on each and every Package intended to be removed, in distinct and legible Characters, in all cases where the same shall be practicable, and the Importer^ Proprietor or Consignee shall make a due Entry of the Goods, Wares-or Merchandize, with the proper Officer of the Customs and also of the Excise, in case the Articles are subject to any Duty of Excise, specifying in such Entry the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which imported, and the Matter thereof, when entered Inwards, and by whom, also the Number and Marks of the Packages, the Kind or Species of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, together with the Weight or Quantity contained in each, and to what Port the fame is intended to be removed for the Purpose of being exported, and such Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, with One other sufficient Surety, shall also enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with Condition that the fame and every Part thereof shall be truly delivered, without Alteration or Diminution, into the Custody and Possession of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Great Britain, to which the fame is intended to be conveyed, and to be named and expressed in such Bond, and to produce a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of such Collector and Comptroller or principal Officers, that the Goods have been so delivered into their Custody and Possession within Three Months from the Date of such Bond, such Certificate to be produced to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, in case the Goods are removed from the Port of London, and to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, if removed from Leith, and to the principal Officers of the Customs, if such Removal takes place from any other Port of Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That a particular Account of the Weight, Quantity and Species of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages shall be transmitted by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs of the PoTt from which the Removal shall take place, to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port to which the Articles are intended to be removed; and upon their Arrival at such Port, due Entry shall be made thereof with the proper Officers of the Customs, specifying the Date of Importation, by whom entered Inwards, and the Port from whence removed, and the Name of the Ship, and to what Port or Place they are intended/to be exported; and the Exporter or Exporters shall, together with the Matter and other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and One other sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Cojleftor and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of the fame, for the due Exportation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and for producing a Certificate of the landing thereof at the Port or Place for which entered, according to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty; Provided that if upon the further Examination of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the fame or any Part thereof shall be found to be lefrin Quantity or Weight than when delivered from the Warehouse at the Port of Importation, the Exporter or Proprietor thereof shall immediately pay the full Duties of Customs and Excise upon the Deficiency, previous to the Goods being allowed to be shipped for Exportation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if after the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, at any other warthoufing Port, the Proprietor thereof shall not have an Opportunity of shipping the fame for Exporta-

JO Geo. III.*M uo; :

der 41 G. a.

c.-iaa.

43 G. 9. c. 87. 46 G. 3. c. 13.

may be removed to another Fort

for Exportation,

Condition*.

Officer to take Account.

Duty paid on Deficiency.

Contents ot Package, (s.«. marked. Entry.

Bond for due Delivery, &c.

Certificate of Delivery.

Account of Packaj.es transmit ted by Collector, Kc. of one Port to ('55 or,

&.C. of the other.

Bond glvrn for Exp* it it ion.

43 G. C. c. 1 :

k U.

Iii w)jat Cale a* 1 iood* mr*

A.D. 1810.

Bond for Exporttiioa taken.

49 G. 3. c. 132.

Powers of 43 G. 3. c. 132. relating to warc-iioufing, Sec. extended to ihU

Aa.

His Majesty may

appoint Com-Rmfioners to trunfaiSt the Biifiness of Surveyor Gener.il of Land Revenue and Sun eyoT fGeneral 01 Wood*.

Hescription and Towers of ComaulOoncia.

C. 64, 65. 50° GEORGII III.

tion, it shall and may be lawful to lodge and deposit the Articled in any Warehouse approved under the Regulations of the said ActU passed in the Forty tifth and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, provided an Entry be made for that Purpose with the proper Officers of the Customs, and Bond give& to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Proprietor or his Agent, and One sufficient Surety to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs in such Port, in double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, with Condition that the fame Avail either be duly exported, or that the full Duties of Customs due and payable on the Importation thereof shall be paid to the proper Officers within such Period of time as was allowed for that Purpose at the Port where the fame were first entered and warehoused; but if the Proprietor shall fail or 11 eg led to make such Entry and give such Security, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England or &0//afi*/respectively to cause all such Goods, Wares anxl Merchandize, which shall not be shipped for Exportation to be disposed of in the same manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize are directed to be disposed of by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, removed from the Port of Importation to any other warehousing Port, are secured in Warehouses under the Authority of this Act, all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts* Matters and Things relating to the landing, warehousing, keeping, inspeding, taking Account of or otherwise securing of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, under the said Act of the Foity third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the Duties due and payable thereon, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are altered or varied by this Act, be from thenceforth construed to extend to the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so removed from the original Port of Importation and secured in Warehouses at any other warehousing Port, in like manner in every respect, and ^s fully and amply as if the said Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations* Restrictions, Acts, Matters akd Things had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes.

[9th June i&io.j

WHEREAS in order to the better Survey and Management of the Honours, Castles, Lordships*

Manors, Forests, Chafes, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Services, Revenues,

' Possessions and Hereditaments of His Majesty, it is expedient that the Business hitherto severally t ran faded

by the Surveyor General of Land Revenue of the Crown, and the Surveyor General of His Majesty

Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, should be placed under the joint Management of certain Persons, to be

appointed as herein after mentioned; and His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to figivify His Royal

Intention to place the fame under such Management j but such His Majesty's gracious Intention cannot be in all Things carried into Effect without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That in calc His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall a! any time hereafter be graciously pleased, by his or their Letters Patent, to nominate and appoint any Persons not exceeding Three in Number, to be Commissioners for executing the Office and Duties of His Majesty's Surveyor General of all and fiugular His Majesty's Honours, Castles, Lordships, Manors, Forests, Chafes, Parks, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Woods, Services, Revenues, Possessions and Hereditaments whatsoever, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Principality and Dominion of Wales, as well within Liberties as without; and also the Office and Duties of Surveyor General of all and Angular His Majesty's Woods whatsoever in the North Parts of England beyond the River Treaty in the Survey, Ordering and Government of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, then being or thereafter Happening to be, and of all and singular His Majesty's Woods whatsoever in the Parks, Forests and Chafes, and in His Majesty's Lands of the ancient Inheritance of His Majesty*8 Crown, being in the North Parts of England beyond the River Trent aforesaid; and the Office and Duties of Surveyor General of all and Angular His Majesty's Woods whatsoever in the Parks, Forests and Chafes, and in His Majesty's Lands of the ancient Inheritance of His Majesty*8 Crown, being in the Parts of England on this Side the River Trent aforesaid, in the Survey, Ordering and Government of the fame Court; the Business hitherto transacted, and the Powers exercised by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, by whatsoever Name or Names of Office the said Officer is or hath been called or denominated in any Letters Patent, Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever; and also the Business hitherto transacted, and the Powers exercised by, and the Revenue under the Management of the Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, by whatsoever Name or Names of Office the said last mentioned Officers are or have been called or denominated in any Letters Patent, Act of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, shall, from and immediately after such Appointment, be jointly conducted and managed by such Commissioners, so to be appointed as aforesaid, or by such other Commissioners, not being less than Two nor more than Three at any one time, as shall be hereafter from time to time named and appointed by His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in that Behalf; and such Commissioners so to be appointed, shall be and be called "The Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and " Land Revenues and that all Acts, Matters and Things to be done by the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, or by any Two of them, or (in Cases where the same shall be so ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, according to the Power

2 herein

A.D. 1810.

504 GEORGII III.

C. 65.

&3

herein contained) by any One of them, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been done by any such Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown in discharge of his official Duties, or by any such Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, in discharge of their official Duties, or of any of them; and that from and immediately after such Appointment, all Sale3, Enfranchisements, Purchases, Exchanges, Conveyances, Surveys, Views, Ellimates, Orders, Directions, Drafts on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and all other A fts, Matters and Things whatsoever, which by virtue of any Law, Statute or Usage in force or practice, immediately before the passing of this Act, or by any Condition, Covenant or Clause in any subsisting Grant, Lease or Demise contained, are or may be, or ought to be made, done, performed or given or exercised by or to the said Surveyors or Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or by or to the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, may and shall be made, done, performed and given by and to the said Commissioners for the time being, or Two of such Commissioners, or (in Caf?s wherein the same shall be so ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, according to the Power herein contained) by or to One only of such Commissioners; and such Commissioners shall have and exercisethe fame Powers and Duties in all things, not hereby otherwise provided for, as the said Surveyors General respectively lawfully had and exercised or might exercise.

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, and every of them, shall from time td time observe, perform, fulfil and keep all and singular the Orders, Rules, Instructions and Directions, not being contrary to the Provisions of this Act, which from time to time shall be made or given to them or any or either of them, by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, touching or concerning the Execution and Discharge of their said Office, and the Arrangement and Division of the Business of the lame amongst the said Commissioners.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, by Warrant unanr his or their Hand or Hands from time to time, and at all times hereafter, whensoever it shall by him or them be thought fit and expedient so to do, to order and direct all or any of the Acts, Matters or Things which by this Act are required to be done or made by or to Two at the least of such Commissioners (Drafts on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and Orders for the Sale of Stock Handing in the Books of the said Governor and Company only excepted) to be done or made by or to One only of such Commissioners; and every such Order and Direction as last aforesaid shall be obeyed and observed by such Commissioners, and all other Persons whatsoever; and every Act, Matter or Thing done or made by or to One only of such Commissioners, in pursuance of any such Order or Direction, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been done or made by or to all such Commissioners; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Appointment, all Certificates, Conveyances, Drafts, Orders, Nominations, Reports and other Matters in Writing whatsoever, to be made by or to the said Commissioners, according to the Powers vested in the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, shall and may be made according to the Forms prescribed or set forth in such Act or Acts of Parliament, substituting only the Title of the said Commissioners, in the Place of the Title of the Officer, in such Forms mentioned; and the Seals and Seal, and Signatures and Signature, or the Signatures or Signature only (as the Case may be) of any Two or (in Cases where the same shall be so ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, according to the Power herein contained) of any One of the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, to any such Certificate, Conveyance, Draft, Order, Nomination or other Matter in Writing, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame were signed and sealed, or signed only (as the Case may be) by the Whole of such Commissioners and that all Certificates and Reports which by any Act of Parliament now in being were required to be made by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, £arks and Chafes, shall be and the same are hereby required to be made by the said Commissioners or any Two of them, or (in Cases where the same shall be so ordered and directed as aforesaid, according to the Power herein contained) by any One of them, at such time and times, and in such Manner and Form as the said Surveyors or either of them were or was required to make the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, before he presumes to act in pursuance of such Appointment, take the following Oath, to be administered by the Chief Baron, or One other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer 5 (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly, honestly, faithfully and diligently execute the Duties of a Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, and that I will not for the Execution thereof, or on any other Account or Pretext whatsoever, receive, take or accept, in respect of the said Office, at any time, any Emolument, pecuniary or other, except or beyond the Salary allowed by a certain Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for uniting the several Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown* and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Paris and Chafes

VI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of all Salaries, Wages, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments heretofore paid to or received, retained, had or enjoyed by the said Surveyors General or either of them. His Majesty may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therein named the


C on: u.AV.'juers. to observe Directors of Treasury.

Treasury my

direct AeU required to W done by Two Conin.Mfionfr* to be doue by One.

Exception.

Form of Certificates.

Sea!*, SfC.of Twia-

Conimiibouen

fuflicieut.

Reports required from Surveyors to be made by Coumissioners.

Commissioners

(Worn.

Oath.

Salaries of Commissiontrs.

A.D. 1810.

84

Feet abolished.

Exception.

What Fees to be accounted for.

Old Officers continued.

New Officers may be appointed and removed.

*sC. a. t. 7c.

*6.

C. 65. 50° GEORGII III.

following Salaries and Allowances; (that is to say) to the Person first named therein, who shall be Chairman of the Commission, a Salary of Two thousand Pounds per Annum, and to the other Commissioners a Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries shall be clear of all Fees and Deductions; One Moiety of such respective Salaries to be paid in fwch manner as the Salary of the Surveyor General of Woods and Forests, and the other Moiety thereof respectively in such manner as the Salary of the Surveyor'General of the Land Revenue have heretofore been paid; and the Salary of every such Commissioner shall commence and be computed from the Day of the Date of his Appointment, and be received from time tq time as the same shall become due by quarterly Payments; and if any such Commissioner shall happen to be removed from his said Office, or to die after any of the aforesaid Days of Payment, and before another of the same Days of Payment shall occur, then such Salary shall be computed by the Day, and shall be paid ta such Commissioner, his Executors or Administrators, for so many Days as the said Office shall have been exercised by such Commissioner from the time of the last preceding Day of Payment of the said Salary.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Appointment, all Salaries, Wages, Fees and Perquisites whatsoever, heretofore paid to or received or had by the Surveyor General of the Laud Revenue of the Crown, or the Surveyprs or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, by whatsoever Name or Names the said Officers or either of them are is or ought to be called (except the Fees usually paid Upon the Assignment of Leases, and upon Searches for and Copies of Leases, Grants or

other Documents belonging or relating to the said several Offices or any or either of them, or which may be in the Custody of the said Commissioners) shall cease and be abolished; and that the said Fees above excepted

shall from thenceforth be paid to the said Commissioners, to be by them accounted for in such manner as the fame have heretofore been accounted for by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue: Provided always, that where any Fine or Rent shall have been oflimated and fixed for the granting or Renewal of any Lease, or any Sum of Money shall have been fixed and agreed upon for any Sale, Enfranchisement or Exchange before such Appointment as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Fees which would have been payable to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown by the Lessee, Purchaser or Person making the Exchange, if this Act had not been made, shall be paid by any such Leflce, Purchaser or Person making Exchange, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, to be by them accounted for in the like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to Fees payable upon the Assignments of Leases, Searches and Copies hereinbefore mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such Appointment of Commissioners to be made in pursuance of this Act, all Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Ministers- and Surveyors whatsoever, theretofore lawfully appointed to and then exercising or enjoying their respective Offices, shall remain and continue in their respective Offices, and in the Exercise and Enjoyment thereof, until they shall be duly removed or otherwise discharged therefrom; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners to be so appointed as aforesaid, or any Two of them, (oy in Cases where the same shall be so ordered and directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, according to the Power herein contained for any One of them) from time to time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to nominate, appoint and remove all such Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Ministers and Surveyors, as have been heretofore usually nominated, appointed and removed by the said Surveyors General, or either of them, and also to nominate, appoint and remove, by and with the like Consent and Approbation, all such Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Ministers and Surveyors as have been heretofore nfually nominated, appointed and removed in that manner, or as shall be necessary or proper for the due Execution of this Act; and all and every the Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Ministers and Surveyors, to be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall have, receive and enjoy such Salaries respectively, as the fame Deputies, Clerks, Officers, Ministers and Surveyors, received, enjoyed or were entitled to, on the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nine, or as shall be in that Behalf from time to time directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and all such Salaries shall be payable Quarterly, on the Four moll usual Feasts or Days of Payment of Rent in the Year.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Ye?r of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 4 A3 to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, it was, among other Things, enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Laud Revenue, with the Approbation of and by the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury fertile time being, or any Three of them, to contract and agree with any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons holding any Messuages, Lands, Premises,

Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, for the Surrender of any Lease thereof, or to purchaic and buy up any Lease or the Remainder of any Term of any Lease, of any Messuages, Lands, Pre-

mises, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, which might be convenient for the Publick Service, and might by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, be deemed eligible to be purchased or bought up, and to piy the Consideration agreed to be paid for such Surrender or Purchase, to the Body or Bodies or Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Money arising from any

' 4 Sales theretofore made, and which might be vested in the Bank of England, in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or which might hereafter arise from any Sale of any Property belonging to the Crown under the same Act or the A£s therein recited: And whereas the Money arising from ftion Sales

is by Law required to be paid into the Bank of England, and to be afterwards invested in the Purchase of

Three founds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and no express Pi ovifionis m^de the said in part

4 4 recited

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 65. $5.

f recited Act for the Sale of such Annuities, in order to pay the said Consideration Money; Be it therefore, further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to fell and transfer any such Consolidated Bank Annuities as are in the said in part recited.

Act mentioned, and to convert the fame into Money, in order to pay such Consideration Money as aforesaid; of LralVs or Pur-apd the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Trans- chafe of ReUdu* f<?rs of such Consolidated Bank Annuities to be from time to time made by the said Commissioners under the of Term*.

Hand of any One or more of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that a Note in Writing under the Hands of Two at lead of the said Commissioners, specifying the Sum of Money required to be raised, and the Purpose for which the fame is intended to be applied, shall be made out and delivered to the said Governor and Company, Three Days at the lead before any such Transfer shall be made^and such Note shall be a sufficient Authority and Indemnity to the said Governor and Company for the Transfer made in pursuance thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, every Officers to be Officer appointed to any Office by or under the said Commissioners shall take the following Oath, to be admi- (worn, niftered to him by any One or more of the said Commissioners, or by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, if

any One or more of the said Commissionei 3 shall direct that any such Officer shall be sworn before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and which Oath may, in any such Case, be administered by any Justice of the Peace ot Magistrate 5 (that is to say)

t A.B. do swear. That I will truly, honedly, faithfully and diligently execute the Duties of the Office to Oath.

which I have been appointed by [or, under] the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, .Forests and f Land Revenue, and that I will not, for the Execution thereof, or on any other Account or Pretext whatso-'

ever, receive, take or accept in respect of the said Office at any Time any Perquisite of any Description, or any Emolument, pecuniary or other, except or beyond the Salary and Allowances [ifany] lawfully annexed to the said Office to which I have been appointed.*So help me GOD.'

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Surveys, Returns, Reports, Edimates, Accounts and other Surras to be Matter* and Things whatsoever, which any Officer or other Person whatsoever is by any Law or Statute in transmitted to force immediately before the passing of this Act required to transmit, render or deliver to the said Surveyor Commissioners General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or to the said Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majesty's

Woods, Foieds, Parks and Chafes, shall from and after such Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, be" transmitted, rendered or delivered to the said Commissioners, at such time and times, and in such Manner and Form as the fame were or ought to have been transmitted, rendered or delivered before the passing of this Act; and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any One of them, and they or One of them are and is hereby authorized to receive a Verification, and take an Examination upon Oath, touching and concerning the Matters of such Surveys, Returns, Reports, Estimates, Accounts and other Matters fend Things, of and from every Officer and other Person in all Cases wherein the said Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or the said Surveyors or Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests Parks and Chafes, was immediately before the passing of this Act by Law authorized to do 5 and if any Officer or other Person shall, in any such Verification or Examination upon Oath as aforesaid be guilty of wilful and corrupt Penury, such Officer or other Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in such manner as is provided by the different Laws and Statutes now in force for the Punishment of wilful and.corrupt Perjury.

XII. And whereas by a certain Act of Parliament made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of H13

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulati n of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and

Forests, it was enacted that from and after the passing of that Act, all Sums ot Money, Bills and Drafts*received by such Surveyor General on account of the Revenue under his Management, should, the Day after the fame should have been received, or the Day after any Bill should have been accepted, if the fame was not accepted at the Time it was received by the Receiver General, be paid by him into the Hands of the Go-

vemor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cartiiers of the said

Governor and Company should be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills and Drafts so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, should be placed to an Account to be raised in the Book* of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled, " The Account of the Publick Monies of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, " inferring the Name of such Surveyor General for the time being: And whereas such an Account hath been opened, and is now (landing in the Name of the present Surveyor Genetal of the Woods and Forests; and it is expedient, that upon the Appointment of such Commissioners, the Balance then remaining due upon such Account from the said Governor and Company, and all Bills and Drafts then Handing upon such Account, and not then paid, should be transferred to and placed under the Disposal of the said Commissioners Be it therefore enacted, That upon the Appointment of such Commissioners, the Balance which shall be then remaining due upon such Account from the said Governor and Company, and all Bills and Drafts then Handing upon such Account, and not then paid, shall be forthwith placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled, ".The 4* Account of the Publick Monies of [Names of the Commissioners'] the Commissioners of His Majesty's 44 Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, being the Woods and Forests Fund; " and such Balance, and the Produce of such Bills and Drafts, when paid, shall be at the Disposal of the said Commissioners, in the manner herein after directed with respect to the Monies to be hereafter placed to the like Account; and from and after such Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, all Sums of Money, Bills and Drafts received by the Commissioners of H11 Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, on account of the Revenue heretofore

under

Perjury.

46 G. Q. c. 142.

§7.

Balance of Account of Surveyor General of Wood, &c. to be transferred to Commissionten.

Money rece'vcd on account of Revenue former-

86

ly under Management of Surveyor General of Woods paid into the Bank.

Commissioner* may retain for Current Bay-Aenu.

How Fayments to be made by Drafts on the Bank.

Drafts Authority to the Bank.

On Death or Resignation of Commissioners Cash in the Bank to veil in Sw?i-vors or Successors.

Commissioners to keep Account with the Bank.

Forging Drafts

Kc.

C. 65. 50° GEORGII IH. A.D. 1810.

under the Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, shall, within Two Days after the same shall have been received, or within Two Days after any Bill shall have been accepted, completed and perfected, if the fame be not accepted, completed and perfedled at the time it shall be received by the said Commissioners, be paid by them into the Hands of the said Governor and Company, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills and Drafts so to be paid to the said Governor and Company, shall from time to time he placed to such Account as is hereinbefore directed to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, to be entitled as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, to reserve out of the Produce of the Revenue heretofore under the Management of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, for casual and ordinary Payments, in the Hands of any private Banker to be nominated by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, to be drawn for by any Two or One of the said Commissioners as shall or may be directed by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and if at any time the Sum so reserved shall be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, from time to time, to make up the same to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, by Drafts, under the Hands of any Two or more of them, upon the Funds deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, shall make all Payments required to be made out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England, by Drafts under the Hands of any Two or more of them on the said Bank, and shall specify on such Draft the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpose or Cause for which such Draft shall be given; and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary or other Charge, Purpose or Cause, for which such Draft shall be given.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to the Directions of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of any One of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, being Three in Number, the Balance of Cash, together with all unpaid Bills and Drafts for which the said Commissioners shall, at the time of such Death or Removal, have Credit on their Account with the said Governor and Company, shall actually vest in Two surviving or remaining Commissioners in trull for His Majesty's Service, and forthwith, and before auy thing shall be added thereto or drawn therefrom, be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Two surviving or remaining Commissioners in trust for His Majesty's Service, to be applied to the said Service iu pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and that upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of any One of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, being Two only in Number, and also upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the whole Number of such Commissioners, the Balance of Cash, together with all unpaid Bills and Drafts for which the said Commissioners shall at that time have Credit on their Account as Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a new Commissioner or'Commissioners shall be appointed to the said Office, so as to make the Number of Commissioners not less than Two, actually vest in such new Commissioner or Commissioners, and the surviving or remaining Commissioner, if any such shall be and continue in Office, and if not, then in such new Commissioners only, in trust for His Majesty's Service, and forthwith and before any thing shall be added thereto or taken therefrom, be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such new and surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners, or of such new Commissioners only (as the Case may be) to be applied to the said* Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue for the time being shall, and they are hereby directed to issue their Drafts and Orders, under the Hands of any Two or more of them as aforesaid, for all unsatislied Charges and Demands on account of His Majesty's Service, although the same shall have accrued in the time of any former Commissioner or Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, the said Commissioners for the time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued on their Account for His Majesty's Service; and the fame Commissioners, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable, either collectively or individually, for any Money which they the said Commissioners, or any or either of them, shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englartd shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them from such Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand writing of either of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue for the time being, to auy Draft, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on account of the said Commissioners, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing in Form of a Draft

made.

A.D. 1810.o° GEORGII III. C. 65)66, 67.

made by the said Commissioners, or any or either of them, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company, or any Body Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, every Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of

Postage is given to each of the said Surveyors General, and it is expedient to grant the like Privilege to the Commissioner first named in any Appointment to be made in pursuance of this Act $' Be it therefore enacted, That from and after such Appointment of Commissioners, the first named Commissioner in such Appointment for the time being shall and may receive and fend Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Poitage, in such manner and under such Restrictions as other Officers mentioned in an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign </fHis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and also in another Act made in the Forty secondYear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize the sending and receiving Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed New]'papers, by the PojU free from the Duty of Postage9by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Publick Officers therein named, and for reducing the Po/lage of such Votes, Proceedings and Newspapersy when feat by any other Persons, are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same in pursuance of the said Act; any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being is one of the Persons authorized and appointed to ad in the Execution of several Letters Patent of His said

Majesty: And whereas it will be expedient that the Person to be first named in any Appointment of Commissioners to be made in pursuance of this Act, should be substituted in the Place and Stead of the said Surveyor General in the Execution of such Letters Patent} and that this should be done without the issuing of

new or other Letters Patent for that Purpose5' Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after any Appointment of Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and during the Continuance of any such Appointment, the Person first .'amed in any such Appointment for the time being shall be and be deemed and taken to be one of the Personsauihorized and appointed toad in the Execution of all and singular such Letters Patent as aforesaid, in the Place and Stead of the said Surveyor General, as fully and in the like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person so first named for the time being was expressly named in and authorized and appointed to ad in the Execution of the fame Letters Patent, and of each and every of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any One of the said Commissioners may be elected andchofen, and may fit and vote as a Member of the House of Commons of the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that only One of such Commissioners shall be capable of henig so elected, or of so fitting and voting at the same Time.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to authorize the Judge Advocate General to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pottage.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage

is uot extended to the Judge Advocate General, who by virtue of his Office necessarily fends and rc-

ceives many Letters and Packets relating to the Publick Service of this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Judge Advocate General for the time being shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in such manner and under such Restrictions as are specified or imposed in relation to other Publick Officers, in and by or under and by virtue of an Act made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and Printed Newspap*rs, by the P oft, free from the Duty of Post age, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage of such Votes9 Proceedings and Newspapers, when sent by any other Person; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LX VII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game % in the Counties of Somerset and Devon.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign 4 V\ of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the several Laws new in being, so far as the same relate to the Preservation of the Floor or Hill Game, it is enacted, amongst other Things, that from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy three, no Person or Persons shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, wilfully take, kPl. destroy, carry away, fell, buy or have in

his, her or their Poflfession or Use, any Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game9 between the Tenth Day of December and the Twentieth Day of August in any Year: And whereas it would tend very much to the

Preservation

«7

Felony without Ocrgy.

Commissioner* may fend and i^ceive Letters free of Postage-.

4 G.9. c. 34. 4 2 G. 3.C. 63.

The first Commissioner fuLIII-tuted in the Place of Surveyor General of Wood*, without issuing new Letteis Patent.

Only One Cwi-missioner to fit il> Parliament.

42 G. 3. C. 69.

nb. x c.si.

Si-

88

A.D. 1810.

Takmjj Hlvk (lame in Siuner-set iimJ l)pwn foci wen December 10 and Stpt. 1.

[Penalty.]

48 G. 0. c. 149.

§ 46.

44 G. 3. c. 99. 4b G. 3. C. SI.

47.

43 G. ?. c. as.

C. 67 — 7r. 50° GEORGII III.

1' Preservation of the said Game, if the time for taking and killing Heath Fowl were postponed Be it there^ fore eilafted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That, from and after the passing of this Att, no Person or Persons shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, take, kill or destroy, or attempt to take, kill or destroy, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, any Heath Fowl commonly called Black Game, between the Tenth Day of December and the First Day of September in any Year 5 and every Person who shall tfanfgress this Act in any of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every Heath Fowl so taken, killed or destroyed, and for every Attempt to take, kill or destroy such Heath Fowl, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of thfs Act, be liable to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties, to be recovered in the same manner, and subject to the like Appeal, and the fame Provisions in every Respect whatsoever as in and by the said recited Act are enacted ia respect of any Offence committed against the said Act.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds byWay of Annuities for the Service of Ireland.

[9th June 1810.*]

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, far the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[9th June 1810..]

" Treasury impowered to raise 6, oco, oooo/. by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1._

44 §1, 2. Principal of said Bills charged on first Supplies of next Session. §3. Interest thereon of j$d. per " Centum per Diem. §4. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &c. after 5 April, 1811. — §5. Bank impowered to^advance 6, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 3c 6 W< 3c M. c. 20._§ 6.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[9th June 1810.]

" Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, as prescribed by 4S G. 3 c. i.-§ 1. Clauses, 3cc. in recited Act, " relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Act. §2. Treasury not to issue Exchequer Bills on the " Credit of 49 G. 3. c. 1. in any other manner than as authorized by that Act, See. §3. Interest not exceeding M 3 Per Centum per Diem. §4. Exchequer Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after Date, be " taken in Payment of the Revenue. Bills received at Exchequer locked up. § f. Bank of England authorized to advance 6, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 3c 6 W. 6c M. c. 20._§ 6.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for appropriating Part of the Surplus of the Stamp Duties granted in the Forty eighth YeaV. of His present Majesty, for defraying the Charges of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Session of Parliament..[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estates upon Intejlacies now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; it was enacted that all the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by the said Act, together with the Monies to arise from the Duties granted by an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, therein recited and remaining unrepealed; and from the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace, granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and then under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, Should be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who Should from time to time pay the same into the Bank of England for safe Custody, pursuant to the Act in that case made and provided, and

should thereafter pay the lame (after deducting the Charges of raising, collecting and accounting for the fame, and all other Charges tirft payable thereout) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in one Sum, at such times and in such manner as the present Stamp Duties w ere by the Law's in force directed to be paid, and that the Money so paid into the said Receipt Should be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: And it was further enacted, that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eight, out of the Monies so to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, there Should be set apart the yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred ninety Pounds and Ten pence, being the aggregate Amount of the net yearly Pro-

duce of the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year, and by another Act of the Forty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, therein mentioned (except the Duties on Lottery Licences and Shares of Tickets lince repealed, and except the Duties on Ale Licences and Game Certificates, which wTere intended to

'*be

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 71, 72.

be removed from the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, by certain Acts of the same Session), upon

an Average of Two Years ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, and of the net Produce of the Duties on Appraisements and Licences to Appraisers, granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, therein recited, for One Year ending the fame Fifth bay cf January; and that there should also be set apart at the Exchequer, Quarterly, such further Sum as should be equal to the

net Produce of the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace, of which a separate Account should be kept

at the Stamp Office, and be transmitted to the Exchequer; and that after setting apart the said several Sums, «the Remainder of the Monies so to be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid should be deemed an Addition made to the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the same Session of Parliament: And whereas the net Produce of the buties paid into the Exchequer pursuant to the Direction of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of jipril One thousand eight hundred and ten, amounted to the Sum of Five millions one hundred eighty eight thousand four hundred twenty six Pounds Seventeen Shilling! and One Penny; and after referring a«d 4 setting apart thereout pursuant to the Directions of the same Act, the said Sum of Three Million* nine hundred fifty six thousand seven hundred ninety Pounds and Ten pence, and the further Sum of One thousand seven hundred twenty nine Pounds Four Shillings and Nine pence, being the net Produce of the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace; and also after reserving and felting apart the Sum of Thirty two thousand Pounds, Part of the yearly Sum of Forty two thousand Pounds payable by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as a Compensation for the Exemption of their Promissory Notes and Bills from Stamp Duty, pursuant to an Act of the present Session of Parliament, the Remainder or Surplus of the said Duties

amounts to the Sum of One million one hundred ninety seven thousand nine hundred and seven Pound* Eleven

Shillings and Six pence 2 And whereas the total yearly Charge on account of Stock created by the Acts of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty was Seven hundred and twenty nine thousand four hundred and forty one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Farthing, for which, besides the aforesaid Surplus of the Stamp Duties, Provision was made by the Appropriation of certain expired Annuities; and by a Saving in the Charge paid for the Management of the Publick Debt, and by an increase of the Assessed

Taxes, amounting together, according to their actual Produce in the Year ending the Fifth Day of January Ooe thousand eight hundred and nine, to Six hundred and twenty two thousand six hundred and sixty three Pounds Ten Shillings and Seven pence Halfpenny, leaving only the Sum of One hundred and six thousand seven hundred and (eventy eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings, to be defrayed by the aforesaid Surplus of the Stamp Duties: And whereas it is expedient that the Excels of the said Surplus of the Stamp Duties, after reserving annually One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, which appears to be an ample Provision in addition to the other Duties appropriated to that Purpose for defraying the yearly Charge 011 account of the Stock created in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, should beapproprinted to the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created in the present Session of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, after setting apart out of the Monies directed to be paid into the Exchequer, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund by the said first recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said yearly Sum of Three millions nine hundred and fifty six thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds and Ten pence, and such further Sum as shall be equal to the net Produce of the Duties on Licences to deal in Thread Lace according to the Provision* of that Act, and also the yearly Sum of Thirty two thousand Pounds, Part of the aforesaid yearly Sum of Forty two thousand Pounds payable by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to an Act of the present Session of Parliament, there shall in the next Place be reserved and set apart out of the said Monies the yearly Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by Four equal Portions on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of HbriU the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year, towards defraying the increased annua) Charge occasioned by the Stock created by the Acts passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and that the Remainder or Surplus of the said Monies shall be deemed an Addition made to the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for improving and completing the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the rendering the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dublin. a fit Situ*

4 W ation for His Majesty's Packets, is desirable for the regular and more speedy Conveyance of the Mails between Dublin and Holyhead, and fiscilitating the Intercourse of Passengers between Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas by virtue of an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting a certain Sum of Money towards improving the said Harbour, certain Persons were appointed and authorized byjiie Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being to apply the Sum granted towards improvlag the said Harbour, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets; and it was by the said recited Act further enacted, that such Persons so appointed should have all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law given to or vested in the Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin, and which should SO Geo. III. N 'bo

89

46 G. 3* c. 43.

4S G 3.C 14<*.

48 G. 3. c. 14*.15.

Surplus sf Stamp Duties 49 G. ft. c. 149. &c. how applied.

45 G. 3. C. 113.

s»-

I a.

4)0

CommissionfTs for executing

Aa.

Commissioners to take and sub-ftribe an Oath.

Coraimflionen may appoint Officers and toake Contrails.

Contract by vhona signed.

Commissionm may bring and defend Actiona in the Name of their Secretary.

Frorifo for Re-imbursement oi Secretary.

C. 72. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

be requisite and necessary for the carrying of the said recited Act into Execution 5 and that all Piers, Wharfs,

Quays* and other Erections and Buildings which might be made under the Directions of the said Persons, and

all Ground applied to such Purposes by them, should be vested in the said Corporation for preserving and re-

pairing the Port of Dublin: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the due Application of whatever

Sums may be granted or appropriated by Parliament for the Improvement or towards the completing of the said Harbour; and further, to provide for the making and executing the Roads, Quays and Works necessary for the Completion and Improvement of the said Harbour: 9 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Persons heretofore appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being for the Purpose of carrying into Execution the hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and such other Person or Persons as shall or may from time to time be appointed or authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall bfc and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the I.ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to revoke the Appointment of any such Person or Persons to be such Commissioner or Commissioners, and from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being shall think fit.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, and each of them, shall take and subscribe the Oath following before he or they shall take upon him or themselves the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than administering the said Oath.

t A.B. do swear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly and impartially, ac* 4*cording to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all and every the Powers, Authorities

and Duties of a Commissioner, reposed in me under and by virtue of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act.y

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners, or any Person named in any Appointment of Commissioners, is hereby authorized and required to administer at the First or any other Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act for the time being, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and required from time to time to nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands a Secretary, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, and also from time to time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and such Labourers and Workmen as the said Commissioners shall think proper and expedient for the better carrying into Executioa the Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree with any fit and proper Person or Persons, Artificers, Workmen and others, for the making, doing and preparing of all or any of the Roads and Works by this Act authorized or directed to be done and performed, or any Part thereof, or for supplying any of the Materials for the same* which Contract shall be signed by the Person or Persons contracting or agreeing to perform such Works respectively, and also by Three or more of the said Commissioners, or by the Secretary to tire said Commissioners, authorized under the Hands of Three of the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and all Contrafts which, shall have been made or entered into at any time before the passing of this Act, by or on behalf or under the Authority of the Commissioners nominated and appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year, shall be and the same are hereby declared good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be carried into effect in like manner as Contrafts to be made under the Authority of this present Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, and that all Actioirs, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals and other Proceedings whatsoever that may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners, shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended in the Name of their Secretary, and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners in the Name of their Secretary, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension or Removal of such Secretary, or by any Act or Default of such Secretary done or suffered, without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners, but that the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being shall be always deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Respondent, in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings (as the Case may be), except in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Secretary for the time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be): Provided always, that every such Sectary in whose Name any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall be fully rc-imbursed and paid out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences as by the Events or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, ' Appeal or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, sustain, expend or be put unto or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents as aforesaid, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or com-jfceaced, or be defended without the Order or Direction of the said Commtfikmen.

A.D. 1810.

9l

50 GEORGII III. C. 72.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed in the improving and completing of the said Harbour, and in the making and completing a Road and Quay along the Beach and Shore of the said Harbour westward of the Pier or Mole already in part erected, and to make such other Roads and Ways as they may think necessary for the Conveyance of Materials to the said Works, and to make and maintain Reservoirs for supplying with Water Shipping resorting to the said Harbour; and that for the Purposes of this Act, all Piers, Buildings and Works whatsoever heretofore made, creeled or built in the whole or in part at anytime before the passing of this Act, and all Ground applied to such Purposes under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or by or under the Authority or Directions of the Commissioners appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Inland since the passing of the said recited Act, and all Roads, Piers, Quays, Erections and Buildings whatsoever which shall or may be made, creeled or built at any time after the passing of this Act, and all Ground applied to such Purposes under the Authority of this Act or of the Commissioners hereby appointed, and also all such Land and Ground, Rock or Soil, Stones and Sand within the said Harbour as is or are overflowed by the Tide of the Sea, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act until the said Harbour shall be fully completed by and under the Direction of the said Commissioners; and from and after the time when the said Commifli mers shall deem the Improvement of the said Harbour completed, testified by their Representation to that Effedlto the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, all the said Harbour so improved, and all Roads, Piers, Quays, Works and other Erections and Buildings so heretofore made or which hereafter shall be made, erected or built under the Authority of this Act, or of the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and the Ground and Soil on which the same are or shall beeredled and built, shall be and the same are hereby veiled, and shall be and remain vested in the Corporation for preserving and repairing the Port of Dublin; and from thenceforth all the Powers by this or any other Act given to or vested in the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall be veiled in and executed by the said Corporation; and the said Corporation shall apply the Sums in and for the Maintenance and Improvement of the said Harbour, and of the Roads, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings so becoming vested in them under the Authority of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Agents, Workmen and Servants of the said Commissioners from time to time to enter upon all Lands or Grounds of any Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in, upon or through which any of the Roads, Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings authorized to be made under this Act are intended to be made, in order to survey and take Levels of the fame, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall think necessary or proper for the Purposes of this Act, such Agents or Servants making Satisfaction for such Damage as they shall do thereby to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the time being, in case the same shall exceed the Sum of One Shilling Sterling.

VII. And, for the improving and completing the said Harbour, and making, using and maintaining all such Roads, Ways, Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Works, Erections and Buildings, as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary for that Purpose, and for the Execution of this Act, according to the Tenor and Intent of the fame. Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered in, upon and through any Lands or Premises being the Property of or belonging to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and situate within Three Miles of the said Harbour, or at Dalhcr or Bullock, on the South Side of the Bay of Dublin (not being within Three hundred Yards, of any Capital Mansion-house, nor within any Plantation, Avenue or Pleasure Ground, nor Garden attached to any Capital Mansion-house, planted, made or formed before the passing of this Act, nor in any Deer Park inclosed with a Wall prior to the passing of this Act, and actually occupied at the time with Deer), to enter and to quarry, dig, remove, take and carry away all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand, or any other Materials ((landing Timber only excepted) in, out of, upon and from such Lands and Grounds as may be necessary or convenient to be employed for the Purposes of this Act, and also to place, lay, work or manufacture all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel, Sand or other Materials which shall be £0 dug or got as aforesaid, on the Grounds near to the Place or Places where the same shall be so dug or got, or where the same shall be used or employed for the Purposes of this Act; and also to make, maintain and use such good and sufficient Roads and Ways as the said Commissioners shall think necessary or convenient for conveying all such Stone, Limestone, Gravel* Sand and other Materials so cut, dug, quarried or obtained, taken away and removed for the Purposes of this Act, from the Place and Places where the same shall be respectively so cut and dug, and quarried or obtained, to the Places where the same shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, they the said Commissioners making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed to the Owners and Proprietors of all such Lands and Premises for all Damages by them done or to be done in the Execution of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in and upon any Land or Premises by this Act vested in the said Commissioners, or which the said Commissioners may enter on or purchase by virtue of this Act, to make, erect, complete and maintain all and every or any such Ways* Roads, Fences, Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Works, Erections and Buildings whatever, as and where the said Commissioners shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of this Act, and also to make, errdl, complete and maintain such Waterworks, Reservoirs and other Engines and Works as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary and expedient, for supplying the Shipping which may resort to the said Harbour with Water from any Stream of Water now running or flowing into the Sea at the Harbour of Howth j and also to make and do all other Matters and Things whatever which they the said Commissioners shall, from


Commifli oner* empowered to execute Act.

45 Cm. 3. c. 113.

Ground, &c. veiled in Coiuraiiilonei*.

IJtrvfs may be entered lor Survey, ILc,

Satisfaction for Damages.

Powers to Comini (flonen to enter Lands and take Materials*

To make Roads for conveying Materials.

To make Roads, Quays and Works.

i

5*ti*fa&on for Pamages.

Oornmlflionera e mptmei ed to aj^ee with Inhibitor? of GrintuJ for Purposes of Act.

Infants, &c.

Satisfaction for Damages.

Expense of Cow, tracts defrayed.

Form of Contract.

In default of Agreement,

Jury summoned.

Precept to Sheriff.

Pen»kj.

C. 72. 50" GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

time to time think fit, necessary and convenient for making, effecting, extending, improving, preservrng, completing and using the said Harbour, and all Roads, Ways, Piers, Docks, Quays, Works, Erettiona and Buildings relating thereto, in pursuance and within the true Meaning of this Act, they the said Commis-boners making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed for all Damages and Injuries done to any Lands and Premises which shall be damaged or prejudiced by the taking of any Materials or by the making of any temporary Roads for the Conveyance of f ich Materials for the Purposes of this Act 5 and also making Satisfaction in manner by this Act directed for the Purchase of any Lands and Premises required to be employed, taken or used in making, completing or maintaining any permanent Roads, or in the making, erecting, completing or maintaining of any Piers, Docks, Quays, Reservoirs, Waterworks, Engines, Works, Ere&ious and Buildings whatsoever for the Purposes of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners and their Servants, Agents and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for whatever they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the time being to treat and agree with all and every or any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies* Politick or Corporate, who is, are or may be the Inheritor or Inheritors, Occupier or Occupiers o/any Land or Premises required for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of such Land or Premises, or relative to and concerning any Compensation or Satisfaction which any such Person or Persons may claim or demand for any Damage or Damages which he, she or they may suffer or sustain by reason of the Execution of this Act; And it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Tenants in Tail, Trulleesand Feoffees in Trull, Committees, Executors, Administrator % and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their several and respective Cejiulque Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Married Women, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all married Women who are or shall be seised, poflfcfled of or interested in any Lands used or required for the Purposes of this Act, whether entitled in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or otherwise, to contract and agree for, and to sell and convey unto the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall nominate and appoint for the Purposes of this Act, all or any Part of any Lands or Premises which shall from time to time be uied or required for the Purposes of this Act; and also to claim and demand, and to contract and agree with the said Commissioners for any Compensation or Satisfaction for any Damage or Damages which such Body Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons, or his or their Lands or Premises respectively may suffer by reason of the Execution of this Act; and in case such Treaty or Treaties shall end in an Agreement or Agreements, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take and accept of a Conveyance or Conveyances of such Land or Premises as they shall purchase frorii such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate or any of them, and to take and accept of a Release or Release3, Discharge or Discharges, for such Satisfaction or Compensation as aforesaid, which Conveyance or Conveyances, Release or Releases, Discharge or Discharges, shall be binding and conclusive to and upon the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, executing the fame, and all Persons claiming under them; and ail Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whosoever so contracting or agreeing, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall respectively do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and A durances, shall be defrayed out of the Money granted for the Purposes of this Act; and such of them as shall be made for the conveying of any Lands or Premises to the said Commissioners, shall be made according to the following Form; (that is to say),

T A.B of in consideration of the Sum of

to me paid by the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, \here insert the Title of this Act], do hereby grant, convey and dispose to the said Commissioners, all [deserthing the Land or Premises to be conveyed"], and all the Estate,

Right, Title and Interest of me the said A.B. my Heirs and Assigns, and of all Persons claiming or to claim 4 by, from or under the said A.B. to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold the same to the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever, by virtue of and according to the true Intent and Meaning, and for the Purposes of the said Act of Parliament. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, by reason of Non-age, Coverture, Intail, Iufanity, or other legal Impediment in the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Premises used or required for the Purposes of this Act, or from any other Cause or Reason, cannot or shall not agree with the Owners or Occupiers of such Land or Premises, as aforesaid, relative to the Purchase of any such Land or Premises, or relative to any Satisfaction or Compensation for Damages to such Land or Premises, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, (not being interested in the Question to be determined by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money claimed or to be paid for such Land or Premises or Damages respectively, or any Part thereof) to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County of Dublin, in case the same shall be within his Bailiwick, or to the Sheriff of the County in whose Bailiwick the same shall be, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Sheriffs to impannel and return a competent Number of substantial and diflnterested Persons qualified to feryc on Juries, not less than Thirty'fix nor more than Sixty, and such

' Sheriff or Sheriffs is and are hereby empowered to impannel and return such Jury accordingly, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by A&ioo of Debt by any Person who shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person to be named by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, in such manner as 3 Juries

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 72.

Juries for the Trial of Issuesjoined in His Majesty's Four Courts in Dublin, by an Act made in Ireland in the Twenty ainth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them as aforesaid, at stich Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners until discharged by the said Commissioners 5 and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners or any Three of them (not being interested as aforesaid), are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them and the said Jury all and every rerson and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them; and the said Jury, on their Oath or Oaths touching and concerning the Premises, and the said Commissioners or any Three of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places in Question in such manner as they shall direct, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until such Purposes for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners or any One of them, not being interested as aforesaid, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of the Value of such Ground and Premises as shall be required to be purchasoa for the Purposes of this Act, and of the respective Estate, Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, seised or possessed thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and also what Compensation and Satisfaction, if any, shall be awarded and paid to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for any Damage or Damages which they or any of them may consequently or otherwise suffer or sustain, or have suffered or sustained by any Act, Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this Act, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons for the Purchase of such his, her or their respective Estates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interesls as aforesaid, or for any such Damage or Damages as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them (not being interested as aforesaid), shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded, which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment or Determination thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate interested, at lead Fourteen Days before the time of the First Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the time and Place of the Meeting, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, if then resident within Ireland, and if not, then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of such Person as shall be then abfont from Ireland, or if a Body Politick or Coporate, then with the ostensible or waiting Officer of such Body Politick or Corporate) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all and every Person or Persons, Bodies and Body Politick and Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of any such Land and Premises, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Ceduique Trusts, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commi (Boner* and Juries to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and foaled by the said Commissioners who shall pronouace such Judgment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where the Value of any Land or Premises, or the Recpmpence for any Damage done or to be done in any Land or Premises, shall he submitted to a Jury; such Land or Premises and the Damage done thereto shall be valued by such Jury with respect to the State, Situation and Value of such Land and Premises, in like manner as if the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year or this Act had not been made; and not according to the additional Value which such Land or Premises shall or may acquire by the improving and completing of the said Harbour, or by any future Improvement to be made in such Land or Premises in consequence of the Expenditure which shall be laid out for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict or Assessment shall be given or made for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Premises, or for any Damage done or to be done to the fame, than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, all the Etpeiices of summoning such Jury and of taking such Inquest shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners; but if any Verdict or Assessment shall he given or made for no more or for a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, then, and in every such Case, the Costs and Expences ofifum-moning such Jury and taking such Inquest shall be borne and paid by the Party to whom such Offer was previously made by such Commissioners: Provided always, that where by reason of Absence, any Person or Persons shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, all the Costs and Expences of summoning the Jury and taking such Inquest shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Persons making Complaints and requesting such Jury, for the ascertaining the Value of any Lands or Premises, or the Amount of any Recompence or Satisfaction for any Damage done or to be done to the fame, shall, before the said Sheriff shall be obliged to summon such Jury, first enter into a Bond with Two Sureties to the Secretary or Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, to profecule such his, her or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costa and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquest, in case a Verdict ffipll be given for no more or a lets Sum than had been offered by or on bebal? of the said Commissioners before summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as the Value or as a Recoripence or Satisfaction for any

Lanas

93

39 G. a. (I.)

c. 6.

Challenge.

WitndTet

examined.

Jury 10 esquire

See.

Damages.

Judgment

conclude.

Jury tc value Ground according to its altual State.

F.xpence of June* hvw paid.

Persons rrquesting a Jury to enter into Bond to prosecute.

94

[Proviso.]

TJp^n Payment of Sums awarded, Conveyam es to be made to (Jom-BiU&ouera.

Verdins to b« entered.

Copies Evidence. On Payment,

Premise* to veil in Corporation.

Conveyances of Estate, &c. ffectual.

Compensation Money when exceeding 2001. how allied.

Laid out under she Direction of Court.

C. 72. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Lands or Premises, or for any Damages as aforesaid: Provided always, that if the Person so requesting such Jury shall refuse to enter into such aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners under this Act to require such Jury to be summoned, and the same shall be summoned accordingly by the Sheriff, and l!.C Expence of summoning such Jury, and of taking the Inquest by them, shall be defrayed in manner and under the Regulations hereinbefore provided, mentioned and contained.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded for the Purchase of any such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of any Estate, Right, Title, Term or interest therein, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed Conveyances to the said Commissioners of such Ground and Premises as aforesaid, or of such Estate, Right, Title, Term or interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall he so awarded in the Form hereinbefore set forth, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments and A durances, and shall do all Acts* Matters and Things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perfect Title to the said Commissioners; and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded by way of Satisfaction and Compensation for any such Damages as aforesaid, shall give and perfefl to the said Commissioners a full and sufficient Release, Acquittance and Discharge from all Claims and Demands for or on account of all Damages for which such Sum shall be awarded as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries as relate to or concern the Premises aforesaid, shall be entered in the Rolls Office of the said Court of Chancery, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and immediately on the Entry of such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries as aforesaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed on or adjudged or awarded either for the Purchase of any Land or Premises, or as a Satisfaction or Compensation for any Damages, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Ground or Premises, or to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such Money, or on Payment of such Money respecting which any Difficulties, Disputes or Differences shall arise, into the Bank of Ireland in manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title, Term, interest, Use, Trull, Property, Claim and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Uie such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, into and out of all Ground and Premises which shall be so purchased, shall vest in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Commissioners shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate to whom any such Satisfaction or Compensation as aforesaid shall be awarded, shall from thenceforth be for ever barred from claiming any further or other Satisfaction or Compensation whatsoever for any Damage which they or any of them shall sustain by the means aforesaid.

XVI. And be it fmther enacted, That the Conveyance to the said Commissioners of any such Estate and interest of any Feme Covert in or to any such Ground or Premises as aforesaid, by Bargain and Sale acknowledged by such Feme Covert in such manner as Bargains and Sales are usually acknowledged, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland within Six Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and interest of such Feme Coverts in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries should or could do if levied or fnfFered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any Ground or Premises which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have if levied or suffered by the Bargain or Bargains, or any Person seised of any Estate in the Premises in trust for or to the Use of such Bargain or Bargains in any legal Manner and Form whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposea of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Iufant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or interest therein, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland % to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act; to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments* which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Truste, intents and Purposes and in the same manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid* flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall he made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be vested.

5

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 72. 95

by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of some of the Publick Funds or Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and in the mean time and until the said Publick Funds or Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of Dividend* the said Funds or Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or how applied. Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid Composition

for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any I*f» than soul. Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum ho^a^httL of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in such case, the fame'1 w

shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments taken or used, or of his or her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in-case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) he paid into the said Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Lid High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nonynation and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the fame may be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Lireftion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as Where Money

last before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such cases, the same shall be applied to lef* tUa?i 201. the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being inve been entitled to the Rents and Profits of h°vV

the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of In case of not Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, making out to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or shall refuse to execute

such Conveyance or Conveyances, or such Release, Acquittance or Discharge as is required by this Act,

or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as«

aforesaid cannot be found, or in case it shall not satisfactorily appear to such Commissioners what Shares and

Proportions of any Purchase Money or Recompence for Damages ought to be paid or allowed to any Tenant '

or other Person having a particular Estate, ^Term or Interest in any Premises; or if the Person or Persons or Persons not

entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, being found,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Purchase Money

Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Ireland\ in the Name and with the Privity of into d*

the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the

Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments \defcrth\ng thern\ % subject to the Order, SubjoA to Old*

Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person of Court.

or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is fiercby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet*.

to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Interest thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons

making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and

reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of

Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning.

and specifying for what and for whose Ufc the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay

any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title In whit case of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Purchaser Accountant General of the Court of Chancery iu pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any entitled

Mcflnages Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Messuages, to

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Publick Funds or 0 e 0>'

Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Funds or Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hreditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons chiming under such Person Or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Funds or Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Funds or Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unlefr it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Po/Lflion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXII.*Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of cWt mMy ordm

the Exptuce* of

96

Purchases to be l*id bj T ruileei.

Commissioner* may build Piers, See. at Ireland* Eye, &c.

Veiled in

CoraminHonera,

&c.

Ob ft ruling Execution of Act.

[Penalty.]

Obstructng Course of Water, ike.

Felony.

Penalties hoar lecovered, &c«

Distress.

IqiprisonnieQt.

Limitation of Axftion*.

[General Issue.]

C. 72. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied iti the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem teasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners from time to time to make, ered and build, in and upon the Island called Ireland's Eye, and in the Sea between the said Idand and the Main Land, such Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings as to the said Commissioners shall seem necessary or expedient for the more effectual Improvement and Completion of the said Harbour of Nonvth, or of the Security and Facility of the Access of Vessels thereto; and that all such Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings at the said Idand, or in the Sea between the fame and the Main Land, shall be made, erected and built under the Powers and Provisions of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers for making, erecting and building the fame, and for obtaining Materials for the fame, as are by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners with respect to the said Harbour 5 and all such Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings whatsoever, shall be and become velted in the said Commissioners, and afterwards in the Corporation for preserving and repairing the Port of Dublin, in like manner as is in this Act provided with respect to the Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings whatsoever heretofore made or hereafter to be made, erected and built in or about the said intended Harbour of Howth; and all the Provisions of this Act shall extend to all such Piers, Quays, Works, Erections and Buildings whatsoever in the said Idand called Irelands Eye, in like manner as the same are extended to the said Harbour and the other Works in this Act before mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obstrlid, moled or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Workman or Labourer employed by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in the Performance of his or their Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall wilfully and to the Prejudice of the said Harbour break, throw down, damage or destroy any Pier, Dock, Quay, Reservoir, Erection, Machine, Building or Work whatever, heretofore erected or made, or hereafter to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, or shall obstruct, hinder or divert the Course of any Stream of Water, which at any time before the pading of this Act ran or flowed into the Sea at the said Harbour, or shall do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting, improving and maintaining of the said Harbour, or of any Waterworks or other Works erected under this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Law of Ireland; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such lesser Punishment as to such Court shall seem proper.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture inflicted by this Act, (the levying and Recovery whereof is not particularly hereinbefore directed) shall and may be recovered on Conviction of the Offender by the Oath of One credible Witness, or on his own Confession, before any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed or the Offender shall be; and every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall and may, in case of Non-payment thereof, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice of the Peace, and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine all Complaints touching any such Offence or Offences; and every Fine, Forfeiture and Penalty (the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed), shall be paid into the Hands of the Secretary to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of to the Purposes of this Act; and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Diitrefs and Sale, after deduding such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Effects so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice by Warrant under his Hand, to commit such Offender to the Common Goal or House of Correction, there to remain without Bailor Mainprize for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty one Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action shall be brought in some of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, and shall be laid in the County of Dublin and not elsewhere $ and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Sait shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the fam^ or shall be brought without Twenty one Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in

any

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C-7a, -73i

97

3i G. a.t.

10 G. 3. c. GJ.

lLort ot Wei* U(*

iny other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfactionmade or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict should pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering Double Cod*, the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Cases of Law.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to alter, explain and amend the Laws now in force respefYing the Trade of Bakers, redding out of the City of London or the Liberties thereof, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act waspafTed in the Thirty fird Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Breads and to regulate the Price and AJJ't^e thereof

and to bunish Persons who Jhafl adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread: And whereas an Act was paded in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, an Act for explaining 3C. 3. c. 6.

and amending an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for the due making of Breads and to regulate the Price and Ajfrze thereof\ and to punish*Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better regulating the AJJtze and making of Bread:

And whereas some of the Regulations and Provisions contained in the said several Acts have been found defective, and in some respects injurious to the Bakers and the Publick 5 and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be altered and amended, and more effectual Providons made for ascertaining the due Weight of Bread, and for the better Observance of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it cna&edby the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons redding beyond the City of London or the Liberties thereof, or beyond Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, who mall make any Bread for Sale, or who shall send out or expose to or for Sale any Bread which shall be deficient in Weight, according to the Assize which shall be set for any such Bread from time to time to be sold at, in pursuance of any Act or Acts then in force for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, then it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, before whom any Information shall be given upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses of any such Deficiency in Weight, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands Warrtut.

and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant upon receiving such Information upon Oath as aforesaid) at seasonable Times in the Day Time to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse,

Warehouse or Out-house of or belonging to any such Baker or Seller of Bread, against whom such Information shall have been made as aforesaid, to search for, view, weigh and try all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and shall have been baked within Twenty four Hours next preceding the time of the fame having been so weighed, and which Bread shall be weighed by the Bushel, or in any larger or smaller Quantity, as may be-found most convenient; and if on the weighing of such Bread any Deficiency shall be found in its due Weight on the Average of the whole Weight of all such Bread as shall be then and there found, and which shall have been baked within Twenty four Hour3 as aforesaid, and which Deficiency shall be proved before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, upon the Oath or Oaths of the Party or Parties weighing the fame, then he or they so offending in the Premises, and being thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Ounce of Bread which shall be found deficient in Weight on the Average of all such Bread as shall have been so weighed, and so in proportion for every Deficiency of Weight less than an Ounce, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Deficiency in Weight shall be proved as aforesaid shall think fit to order, except as hereafter is excepted; and any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, Peace Officer or Officers, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, may in such Case where there is a Deficiency of Weight on the Average as aforesaid^ seize all such Loaves as shall be so found deficient in their due Weight; and any such Magistrate or Magistrates*

Justice or Justices, may dispose thereof as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, except it shall be proved to any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, by or on the Behalf of the Parties against whom such Information shall be made by the Oath, or Affirmation, being a Quaker, of any One or more respectable House-keeper, that such Deficiency in Weight wholly arose from iome unavoidable Accident in

baking or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through some Contrivance or Confederacy. "T

II. And be it further enacted, That every Baker and Seller of Bread beyond the said City of London and to hare

the Liberties thereof, and beyond the said Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall have fixed in some ^n5dus and convenient Pbce of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales, with proper Weights of the Assize Weight of a Half-peck Loaf, a Quartern Loaf, and a Half quartern Loaf; and also of an Eighteen penny. One Shilling,

Six penny and Three penny Loaf; and that any Person or Persons who may purchase any such Loaf or Loaves of Bread from any such Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, she or they shall think proper, require the same to be Weighed in his, her or their Presence; and if any such Loaf or Loaves shall be found deficient in Weight, then the Person or Persons demanding the same to be so weighed, shall have the Deficiency made qp with other Bread or another Loaf or Loaves given in lieu thereof, as may be required l>y such Person or Persons; and any such Baker or Seller of Bread as aforesaid, who shall neglect to fix such Beam ind Scales in jo Geo. III. O some

Short Weight.

[Penalty.]

Seizure.

Sc.iles.

5o# GEORGII III.

A.D. 181C.

[Penalty.]

Baking ou Sunday.

Hour.

Setting and

superintending

Sponge.

First O/fWire. Second Oilence. Subfequeiil Offence.

DHhefr.

Iraprisonment.

Prwifo for Vnivrrlitice.

Fenner AAs in iecctv

PubUfkAa.

C. 73.

some convenient Part of hi* or her Shop, or to provide and keep for Use proper Wights, or whose Weight* shall be deficient in their due Weight, or who mall refuse to weigh any Half-peck Loaf, Quartern Loaf? or Half quartern Loaf or Loaves purchased in his, her or their Shop, in Presence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and shall be thereof convicted, either by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his, her or their own Confession, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrajfs, Justice or Justice*, before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall think fit. f

III. Provided always and be it further enacted, 'Fhat no Matter, Mistress, Journeyman or other Person respectively exercising or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker, beyond the said City of London or tl e Liberties thereof, or beyond the said Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, or any Part thereof, make or bake any Household or other Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or shall on any Part of the said Day, excepting between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and half past One of the Clock in tHfc Afternoon, on any Pretence whatsoever, sell or expose to Sale, or permit or suffer to be sold or exposed to Sale, any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or bake or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Victuals, at any time after half part One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, or in any other manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, lave and except so far as may be necessary in setting and superintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's Baking, and that no Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Victuals shall be brought to or taken from any Bakehouse during the time of Divine Service in the Church of the Parish, Hamlet or Place where the fame is situate, nor within one Quarter of an Hour of the time of Commencement thereof and every Person offending against the foregoing Regulations, or any One or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery, hereby allowed between the Hours aforesaid, otherwise than within the Bakehouse or Shop, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, within Two Days from the Commission thereof? either upon the View of such Justice* or on Confession by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit, pay and pndergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Punishment herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the first Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and for the Third and every subsequent Offence respectively any Sum not exceeding Fifteen Shillings, and shall moreover on every such Conviction, bear and pay the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution, such Cotts and Expences to be assessed, settled and ascertained by the Justice convicting; and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Justice shall think proper, to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for Lossof time in instituting and following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for his and their owa Use and Benefit, and the Refiaue of such Penalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Day* after his Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him to the Churchwardens or Overieer or Overseers of the Parish or Parishe* where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof 5 and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Costs and Expence* as aforesaid, be not paid within Three Days after Conviction of the Offender or Offender*, such Justice shall and may, by Warrant under liis Hand and Seal, direct the same to be levied and raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and in Default or Insufficiency of such Distress commit the Offender or Offender* to the House of Correction on a First Offence for any time not exceeding Seven Days, on the Second Offence for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days, and on the Third or any subsequent Offence for any time not exceeding Twenty one Days, unless the whole of the Penalty, Cotts and Expences be sooner paid and discharged.

IV. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act nor any thing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom of the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerk of the Market, or the Practice within the several Jurisdictions of the said Universities or either of them used, to ascertain and appoint the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale within their several Jurisdiction*, but that they, and every of them shall and may severally and respectively from time to time, a* there shall be Occasion, ascertain and appoint within their several and respective Jurisdictions the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale by any Baker or other Person whatsoever within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions, and shall and may inquire and punish the Breach thereof as fully end freely in all respects as they used to do, and as if this Act had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the several Act* now in force, not altered or varied by any of the Provisions of this Act, as far as the same are or can be made applicable, and can be applied for the carrying into Execution the Purpose of this Act, shall be used, exercised, and put in Execution for enforcing the Regulations, Provisions and Direction of this Act, in such and the same manner as if the fame were herein contained, and were at large re-enacted and made Part of this Act, and the Penalties by this Act inflicted shall be recovered and applied in like manner a* the Penalties by the said several other Acts infiifted are directed to be recovered and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justice and others, without being specially pleaded.

k*

A.D. 181 o

o* GEORGII III. C. 74, 75.99

C At. LXXIV.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain additional Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland. £i$th June 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies to defray 'Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue of Ireland\ have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; And do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted < by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Pates

from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and Ll for the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies,

Servants and Agents, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to have, demand, receive

und take for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he or they shall convey, carry or

fend Post to and from Places within Ireland^ the additional Rates and Duties herein after specified, the fame within Ireland.

being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to say) for the Port and Conveyance of every finale

Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in Ireland, where such Letter or Piece of Paper shall be put in,

to any Distance within Ireland, the Sum of One Penny, for every Double Letter Two pence, for every

Treble Letter Three pence, and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce

in Weight Four pence, and so in proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every

Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter; and that all Letters and Packets directed from any Place in From Ireland to

Ireland\ to any Part or Parts in Great Britain or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain or G. 13. &c.

any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be charged and pay for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland,

from or to Dublin, Waterford, Donagbadec, or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of

Letters to and from Ireland are or may be established, as they shall respectively be shipped from or landed in

any of the said Places, according to the Additional Rates aforesaid; and that every Letter or Picket passing

through the General Post Office in the City of Dublin, from any Place within Ireland not left distant than

Four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, to any Place within Ireland not less distant than

Four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, shall be charged and pay according to the said

Additional Rates to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the said Additional Rates from

Dublin; all which Rates and Duties shall be over and above the Duties of Postage payable on any such

Letters and Packets under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of passing of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, 4SG.8. c. 9* so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Rates and $ >6.

Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland % as relates to the Mode of folding printed $ 17.

Newspapers sent by the Post free of the Duty of Postage, and as provides that no Newspapers printed in Ireland shall pass free of Postage, unless such Newspapers shall be put into the Post Offices of the Cities and Towns where or in which such Newspapers be printed, Two Hours at least before the time of the Post being repealed, dispatched therefrom, shall be and the lame is and are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be paid and payable Repaid in in Irish Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered and applied, under such and the like Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to 99 M1* the like Provisions, Exemptions and Exceptions, and Privileges as are mentioned, expressed and contained in am Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to 43 3-c*23*

His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Jjjoft within Ireland; and that all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things, in the said recited Act of the Tatty third Year aforesaid, mentioned, expressed and contained, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating, to such Rates and Duties, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been repeated and le-enacted in this present Act, save only so for as respects the Amount of Duties under the said Acts or any of them, and save and except so far as the said Acts or any of them are altered or repealed by this Act.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty on Dwelling Houses in Ireland, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein.

[15th June 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies tt> defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fronfc Duty

and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and-Uv), thrre shall-be raised, levied* 00 Hefted on' "


100 C. 75, 76.. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Houses baring and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, otr*r and above all Rates and Duties on Houses i» WHt utan oik. Ireland in respect of the Windows or Lights therein, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, the Duty herein after described and set forth (that is to say), for and out of every Tenement or Dwelling House in Ireland, having more than Six Windows or Lights therein, an additional Duty after the Rate of Fifty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties payable on such Houses, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein* under or by virtue of any. Ad or Ada in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

BritUlTcuncn!^ be further enacted, That the additional Duty by this Act granted and made payable shall be

paid and payable, and received and receivable according u> the Amount thereof in British Currency; and Consolidtted that the said additional Duty, the necessary Charges of receiving and accounting for the fame being deduded, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Powers of

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, For*-

eVi 48 0 5* ^tures a"d Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in an Act made in the Forty extended ^event^ Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act. to provide for regulating and feejuring the to this Act. Collection of certain Rates and Ta.xes in Ireland, in ref peel of Dwelling Houses, FireHearths, Window, Male Servants, Ilorfes, Dogs and Carriages; and in an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horfts, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Ta.xes in respect of the like Articles; or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties, Rates.and Taxes, or any of them, shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpose whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery thereof, had been expressly repeated, and re-enacted in this Act, and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together, as One Ad to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Former Duties and Allowances mpealed.

New Samp Duties granted as in Schedule A. and Allowances according vo Schenk B.

f Sic.

Duties, 8tc. (except under 6a.! lie.) payable in British Cttoenc 7;

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to repeal certain Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties* and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[15th June 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment and c Paper, and upon other Article* and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the

Stamp Duties in Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and Angular the Duties upon, or for or in respect of the several Articles, Matters and Things, mentioned in Schedule A. to this Act annexed, under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and also all Allowances whatever on the Purchase of any Stamps in Ireland, granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, cease and determine, save and except as herein after and in the Schedule hereunto annexed is excepted, and save and except iu all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of Duties or Allowances remaining unpaid, and in all Cases relating to any Offence, Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, which shall have bcea committed or incurred under the said Acts or any of them, on or before the Commencement of this Act.

II. And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament affem-.bled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for Support of Your Majesty's Government, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty several new and other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parch.-ment and Paper, and other Articles and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Irelsmd 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted, That* from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of the said Duties and Allowances by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid in Ireland, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Succedors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated and described in the Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties, as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth, in Words and Figures in the said Schedule Aand that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of all such Articles, Matters and Things, as are inserted, enumerated and described in the Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, the several Allowances or Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule marked B. any thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount or Allowance, on the Purchase of Stamps, other than such as is and are expressed and directed in the said Schedule marked B. any thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary not-withstanding, and inf the said Schedules marked A. and B. shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, save and except Duties less than Six pence, and Duties exceeding Six pence and less than One Shilling) shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; aftd that in all Cases where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, or such Allowances are made, such Amount, and the Duties and Allowances in respect thereof, shall be estimated, calculated and taken iu British Currency.

110 IV. And

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 76.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Person or Persons dealing in Hats, either as a. Manufacturer or Importer of Hats, or as a Wholesale or Retail Dealer therein, shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Hat lined, mounted or ornamented, without having permanently affixed and appearing in a conspicuous Place therein, the Stamp to which such Hat would at the time be liable had it been uttered, vended or sold, upon Pain that every Person and Persons offending in either of the said Cases shall forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons as shall sue fur the fame, the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hat which shall not have permanently affixed therein as aforesaid such Stamp as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall hawk, carry about, disperse or distribute any Hand Bill, not being damped or marked with the Stamp Duty, by Law required, every such Person being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace, by his or her Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon the View of such Jiiflice, shall forfeit Five Shillings to the Person who shall prosecute for the fame, and in default of immediate Payment thereof, shall and may be committed by such Justice to any Common Gaol within his Jurisdiction for any time not exceeding One Week*, or until he or she shall pay such Penalty, and it shall and may be lawful for any Person to seize, apprehend and carry before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person so offending as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer (hair print or cause to be printed any undamped Hand Bill, 9onuining a single Advertisement, such Hand Bill being subject to a Stamp Duty, and shall be convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, upon his, her or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of & credible Witness, such Printer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who (hsll prosecute for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Proctor in any Ecclesla(Heal Court, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, who shall not have previously paid the full Amount of the Stamp Dnty by Law charged and payable on any Warrant to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, or to prosecute or defend any Suit, or to confess Judgment therein, or on any Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Suit shall charge to the Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, in such Suit, or shall receive from such Plaintiff or Defendant promovant or impugnant, or from any other Person, the Amount of any such Stamp Duty, and shall not have afttially made U(e of, or issued or filed the Warrant, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding, duly stamped as is required by Law, for which such Charge shall be made or such Amount shall be received, such Proctor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Monition, nor any Process or Mandate to require the Appearance of any Person or Persons whatsoever in any Suit, shall issue or pafa the Seal of any Ecclesiastical Court, or of the Court of Admiralty ii> Ireland* nor shall any Appe arance be received or entered in any Suit in any of the said Courts, unless and until the Proctor who shall issue such Process or Mandate, or who shall enter such Appearance, shall first file or cause to be filed with the proper Officer of the Court who shall issue such Process or Mandate, or shall enter or file such Appearance, a Warrant of Attorney duly stamped from the Person or Persons at whose Suit or on whose Behalf such Prccefs or Mandate shall so issue, or such Appearauce shall be entered, empowering such Proctor to issue such Process or Mandate, or to enter such Appearance, as the case may be.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted and made payable* shall be paid and payable in British Currency; and that all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Direaions, Articles, Clauses, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, contained in an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to b* levied by the Comm 'rjftctiers for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and in all and every or any other Act and Acts for the granting ot Stamp Duties, or for the amending of the Laws for regulating the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be of Force and Effect, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, paying, collecting, enforcing and securing the Duties ana Allowances by this Act. granted and made payable, and for the Recovery and levying of all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been hereby re-enacted' with relation to the Duties and Allowances-by this Act granted and made payable, and to the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted) except only so far as any of such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods and Directions, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things* in the said Acts or any or either of them contained, are expressly altered or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, the Stamp Duty whereon shall exceed the Sum of Eleven Pounds, shall authorize the Pdrfon licensed thereby to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, great or small, without any further or other Licence: Provided always, that no Person, the Stamp Duty on the Licence to whom to fell such Liquors by Retail shall be less than Twenty two Pounds, shall be, authorized ..by such Licence to fell Spirits in bany Quantities exceeding Two Gallonsj but that if any such Person*

IOI

Ditties under Cojurailfioners <rf. Starpps.

Dealers to have Stamps permanent lv fixed in Hats.*

[Penalty.]

Didributing Hand BWlrf undamped.

[Penalty.]

Imprisonment.

Printing undamped Hand Bills.

[Penalty.]

Prohors charging' for Stamp* uot. ukd.

Penalty;

Piorefs in Eerie-fialiical and Admiralty Courts.

Penalties paid in British Cuntnty*. Former Aids,

40 G. 0. c. 22.

licences for faring Spirits.

A.D. 1810.

Troviso.

49 G. 3. c. 57.

§ >4.

'bounty to Spirit Umilei* felling J3eer paid for "Year citing Sept. 29, 1*09.

Penalties how Kcorered, See.

45 (j. 3. c. 50.

Act may be altered.

Commencement.

C. 76. 50° GEORGII III.

Person, on whose Licence any such Stamp Duty less than Twenty two Pounds shall be paid, shall pay such additional Stamp Duty as shall make the whole Stamp Duty paid by such Person amount to Twenty two Pounds, such Person shall be authorized to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever, great or small, without any farther or other Licence: Provided also, that no Licence whatever shall authorize any Person not being a Retailer or Grocer to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Two Gallons, nor shall authorize any Grocer to fell in Quantities lets than Two reputed Quarts, nor shall authorize any FaAor or other Person, not being a Distiller or Importer of Spirits, to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Fifty Gallons.

XII. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Improving the*Quality of Beer in Ireland, by further preventing the Use of unmalted Corn, or any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein, and for the better securing the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland; it was,

among, other Things, enabled, that it should not he lawful for any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford or Limerick, to require,

demand or receive any Certificate from the Commissioners of Excise, for the Purpose of claiming any Bounty in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale that such Person might have sold by Retail in the Year ending the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, or within any subsequent.

Year, and that it should not be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to give or grant any such Certificate,

nor for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland to pay any Bounties to any such Person in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale sold by such Person by Retail, within the said Year, or within any subsequent Year; And whereas by a Clerical Error, the Words the Year ending the Twenty ninth Day 4 44 of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, " were inserted, instead of the Words the Year ending 4 44 the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten; 99 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford or Limerick, to require, demand and receive any such Certificate from the Commissioners of Excise for the Purpose of claiming any such Bounty, in respect of any Quantity of Strong Beer or Ale, that such Person may have sold by Retail in the Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, but not within any subsequent Year; And that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to give or grant any such Certificate, and for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, to pay any such Bounties to such Persons in respect of any

Suantity of Strong Beer or Ale, sold by such Person by Retail, within such Year ending the Twenty ninth ay of September One thousand eight hundred and nine only, under the Regulations and Directions of any A A in force immediately before the passing of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every and any Penalty and Forfeiture incurred by any Person for having fold Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail without Licence, shall and may be recovered before any one Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, in manner directed by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rtgulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liauors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, although such Penalty or Forfeiture may exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year, or any Act or Acts for amending the same, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this A A may be altered, amended and repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect immediately on and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the Day of the passing thereof, and shall be in force from th& time forward and not sooner.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, any of the following Articles, Matters or Things, or any Part thereof, except as otherwise particularly provided, the respective Duties following; that is to say,

Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament;

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to 100L -

' Amounting to 100l. and not amounting to 250l.

5t

£.' s. a.

1 10 o 40° Amounting

A.D. 1810.

o# GEORGII III.

C. 78.

Amounting to 250l. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. and not amounting to 750l.

Amounting to 756!, and not amounting to 1, 000l.

Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards; for every tool, thereof,

Or of any Annuity or Pension,

Not amounting to 1 ool. per Annum, -

Amounting to tool, and not amounting to 200l. per Annum,

Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 400l. per Annum,

Amounting to 400l. and not amounting to 600l. per Annum,

Amounting to 600l. and not amounting to 8ool. per Annum,

Amounting to 800l. and not amounting to i, OwoL per Annum,

Amoonting to 1, ooool. per Annum, or upwards, -

But where any such Grant of Annuity or Pension shall be made in confirmation or by way of Renewal only of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only Duty of -

And where several and distinCk Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the fame Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged iu respcCk of each Annuity or Pension; but where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension, to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respcCk of the whole.

Any Grant or Appointment by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or to any Office pr Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed, or other Writing 5 Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto shall not amount to 50l. per Annum.

And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to tool, and not amount to 2ool. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 300l. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 750L and not amount to i, ooool. per Annum,

And where the same shall amount to 1, 000l. and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum,

And where the fame, shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum,

' And where the same shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, ooool. per Annum.

And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. per Annum, or upwards,

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the average Amount thereof for Three Years, preceding, where practicable; and in other Cases according to the be ft Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to, or of Two or more Persons jointly, with separate-and distinCk Salaries, Fees or Emoluments; the same shall be charged with a separate and distinCk Duty, in respeCk of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to each Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged in respeCk of any Person, to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any fonner Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to such Person shall be in any manner augmented; and, in that case, a Duty shall be charged, in respeCk of such Person, only in proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation.

Provided also, that no Duty shall be charged upon, or in respeCk of more than one Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which any such Grant may be engrossed, printed or written.

Any Bond given pursuant to the Directions of any ACk of Parliament, or by the Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties or Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any of their Officers, for or in respeCk of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evasion thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, - «.

Any Bond, not being for the Payment of any principal Sum, and not being otherwise charged by Law,

Bonds for the Payment of any principal Sum of Money to remain chargeable as under the ACk 47 G. y ft. 1. c. 50.

Any foreign or inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, or other Note, Draft or Order, (except Bank Notes, Bank Pod Bills and Drafts, or Orders in Writing oh any Bank or Bankers, all which shall continue liable to the Duty with which they are chargea by the said ACT 47 G. 3* ft. 1. c. 5Q. and except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds and Ten Shillings, passed on account of Tythes, or for Money payable to any Society for Charitable Loans, or to their Treasurer in trull for them)

£. s. d.

10 0 0

20 0 0

3° 0 0

5 0 0

1 10 0

4 0 Q

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

5$ 0 0

1 IO 0

1 10 0

3 0 O'

5 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

7 5 0 0

100 0 0

150 0 0

o 10 o o 10 o

Where

JO3

104

C. 7 6.

500 GEORGII III.

A.D. 18 t o.

shall not exceed iol. - £. 0

iol.l 0

301. 501.1.0

5° i-l 1 iool. 0

10)1. !> and shall not exceed <! 20: 1. 0

2: ol. I 5-°° J I - 0

5001. j J.ooool. j - 0

Gcool.^ 1.3, 000 l.J 1 ©

Where such Sum shall exceed

Where it shall exceed 3, 0001.

Any Receipt or other Discharge given on the Payment of any Sum of Money* or on the Delivery of any Cheque, Draft, Bill, or other Order for any Sum of Money,

Amounting to 2 1 and not amounting to 10l.

Amounting to iol. and not amounting to 20l.

Amounting to 20l. and not amounting to $o\. -

Amounting to 50l. and not amounting to iool.

Amounting to iool. and not amounting to 2001.

Amounting to 2C0l. and not amounting to 5001.

Amounting to 500l. and upwards, -

And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged tQ be received in full of all Demands, -

Except Receipts for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any House of any registered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of any Bill, Note or Deed, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on account of Pay, Allowances, or other Military or Naval Perqnifitc3 or Emoluments, or by any Officer of the Exchequer, for Money received for His Majesty, or any Acknowledgment by Letter, of Money, Bills or Notes ren itted by Post.j and except any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or for any Part of the Personal Ellate of any Person dying Intestate, and any Receipt given by any Officer of the Revenue for the Duties on Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Horles end Male Servants; all which Receipts and Discharges shall continue liable to the Duties with which they are charged by the said Act 47 G. 3. ft. I. c. 50.

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Confident ion for such Conveyance shall not exceed iool.

And where the Amount of such Consideration shall exceed iool.or where the Amount of such Consideration shall not be expressed in such Letter of Attorney,

Any Warrant to any Prodlor to prosecute or defend any Suit in the Court of Prerogative, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty, - '

Any Appearance to be entered in any such Court or Courts in Ireland by any Proctor, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry,

Any Newspaper, or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences,

Any Hand Bill containing a Single Advertisement not otherwise charged, except Hand Bills respecting Charities, Robberies, Murders, Loss of Property and Sales under Distress Warrants, or Executions, or for Rent, -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Afc, Cyder or Perry, Methcglin or Mead, in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road, surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey) or within the Town of Bel fa ft, .

Within the Rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant thereof, or within One Mile of the Town of Bclfaft, or of the Public Lamps therein,

In any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Caffiel, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lilburne, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively, -

I11 any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described -

And if the Person licensed in such other Parts of Ireland, other than those so before described, shall also be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities exceeding Two Gailous9.a further Duty of -«- -

0

1

1

2

3

4 7

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

3

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

2 <0 o

*0 o o

o 2 6

010 0 0 2

O 00J

40 o 9

33

22 o 9

nop

I II o o

An/

A.D. 1810.

56b GEORGII III.

C. 76, 77.

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metneglin or Mead, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland,

Anil for every succeslRve Month, -

Any Licence to fell Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less that!

Fifty Gallons in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being a licensed Distiller,

Any Licence to fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons, in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits, -

Any Licence to keep a Malt House, the working or drying Floor whereof shall not be less thin 1, 0, 10 fauare Feet, and shall not exceed 1, 400 square Feet, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpose of being used in any Brewery or Dicti fiery, for each and every Cistern or Kiln, whichever shall be the greatest in Namber in each and every Malt House in which such Buhness shall be carried on, -

£. s. s.

1 O 0

1 0 0

21 O p

21 O 0

6 0 6

ARTICLES NOT STAGED.

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Nefrfpaper, Journal or Daily Accounts (net being Daily Accounts or Bills of Goo^s imported into or exported from Ireland, or Abstracts thereof, liable to a Duty of id. under the said Act 47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 50), or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet difoerfed or made public Yearly, Montlily, or at any other Interval of Time, or in any Hand Bill containing more than one Advertisement, and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council, or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Accounts, other than the Dublin Gazette,

And for every Ten Lines which every such Advertisement, Proclamationj Order, or Act of State, shall contain, over and above the first Ten Lines (no such Line to exceed 20 ms of the Letter called Long Primer, or two Inches and three-quarters of an Inch), a further Duty of And if such Advertisement shall be printed in Lines exceeding such Length as aforesaid, then a Duty, in all Cases, equal to Treble the Amount of the foregoing Duties.

For each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, shall be duly authorized by a Magi (Irate to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or Open Place, at such Fair,

o z 0

020

2 0 Q

SCHEDULE (B.)

ALLOWANCES.

To any Person who shall bring Velluih, Parchment or Paper, to the Head Office of the (jommissioners of Stamps in Dublin to be stamped, or who shall buy any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, ^t t, he said Head Office, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to 20l. or upwards save and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to be stamped with any Duty of 101, or upwards, and save and except Hat Stamps) after the Rate of '

iL io8. for every 100k upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment dr Paper, so brought or stamped.

To any Person who shall bring any Hat Lining or Paper to the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin to be stamped for Hats, or who shall buy at the said Head Office, or ftom any Distributor of Stamps in Ireland, any Hat Lining or Paper, with Stamps thereon for Hats, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to 40s. or upwards, after the Kate of xol. for every look upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon the said Hat Lining, or Paper so brought or stamped.

To Stationers and Shopkeepers who shall purchase Stamps lor Receipts to the Amount at one and the same time of 5 k in confident ion of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper stamped for Receipts, but actually and Iona Jide felling the fame For the Price of the Stamp only, 7 k 10s. for every look of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts; and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, not under the Sum of 5k This Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of the Sump Duties to the Amount of 20k and upwards.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for impoGng additional Duties of Cuistoms on certain Species of 'W'ood imported into Great Britain.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Customs should be imposed on the Importation W^into Great Britain of certairi Species of Wobd t9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect ParHameirt assembled, and by the Authority of the farite, That there shall be fevertlly and respectively Additional Duty raised, levied, collected and paid to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuCcessors, for and upon on certain Tim-50 Geo. III. P the* imported.

jo6 C. 77.

50- GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Exportation,

Drawbacks.

Commencement Of additional Pmies.

the following Articles; videlicet. Balks, Battens and Batten Ends, Clap Boards, Oak Boards, Paling Boards* Pipe Boards, Wainscot Boards, Deals and Deal Ends, Fire Wood, Fir Quarters, Handspikes, Lath Wood, Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, Oak Plank, Oars, Spars, Staves, Fir Timber, Oak Timber, Users and Wainscot Logs, of whatever Description the fame may respectively be, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, additional permanent and temporary Duties of Customs, equal in Amount to the permanent and temporary Duties already payable upon the like Articles, as the said Duties are severally and respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to an Act 49 G. 3. #. 9*. passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customschargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof and in consideration of the additional Duties hereby imposed, there shall be paid or allowed upon the Exportation of such. of the said Articles as are now entitled to Drawback additional Drawbacks equal in Amount to what are already allowed by the said recited Act, upon Articles of the like Description exported from Great Britain, and which Drawbacks are also respectively described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect, with respect to the additional Duties of Customs imposed on Fir Timber, Deals, Deal Ends, Battens, Batten Ends, Boards and Oak Plank, from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and with respect to the other Articles on which additional Duties are also by this Act imposed, the same shall commence and take effect from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten: Provided always, that the said additional Duties shall be charged and shall be payable on any of the said Articles, which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, which shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain after the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, as the Case may apply to the said Articles, notwithstanding the fame may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the said Days respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed as fall under the Title and Description of temporary Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge any of the said Articles with the additional Duties hereby imposed which shall be imported directly from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, Or which shall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; nor to charge with the additional Duties hereby imposed, any Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and nqt abovp Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thickness, nor any Fir Timber being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, being the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence.

V. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby imposed upon the Importation of the said several Species of Wood shall and may be secured by Bond under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods <m-ported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as mail arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated and applied, and the said Drawbacks shall be allowed, in such and the like manner as any Duties and Drawbacks of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated and allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force, in relation to or made for securing ihe Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties and Drawbacks as fully and effectually to all Inteuts and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Wefimtnsler, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are directed to be appropriated and applied.

IX. And whereas Contracts may have been made for the Sale of Wood, prior to the passing of this Act: Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where any Wood whereon the respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be charged, shall be delivered in pursuance of such Contracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Dealer or Dealers in such Wood delivering the fame, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in addition to the Price of such Wood, and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand and be paid the fame accordingly.

Continuance of Temporary Du-tle*.

Proviso for Articles imported from Certain Parts.

For Peals.

Duties secured by Bond.

43G. 3. C. 132.

Duties under Commissioners of Customs,

How Duties and Drawlwks levied and allowed.

Duties appropriated as under 49G. 3. c. 93.

Proviso for Con-tra<fts already made.

A.D. 1810. jo' GEORGII III. C. 77 — 80.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suppressing Insurrection, and preventing the Disturbances of the Publick Peace in Ireland.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reigrff intituled,

An Act to supprest Infur regions, ' and prevent the Dislurbance of the Public Peace in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this A A, the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, except only so far as relates to any Proceedings had under the said Act at any time before the passing of this present Act.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for regulating the Continuance of Licences for distilling Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands*of Scotland.

[ijth June 1810.]

' granted,

' Day of November immediately preceding the Date of such Licences respectively; And whereas it is expedient that all Licences for Distillation from Sugar should take effect from a certain Day in each Year, and remain and be in force for and during a fixed Period of Time; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That each and every Licence granted or to be granted for the Purpose aforesaid, between the Firil Day of December One thou-find eight hundred and eight, and the First Day of December next ensuing, shall be deemed and construed to have taken effect, and shall take effect from the Day of the Date of such Licence or Licences respectively, and the same shall enure and be in force from the I)ate thereof, until the said First Day of December next ensuing; any thine in the said Licences contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of December next ensuing, every Licence to be granted to any Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland, for the making or distilling of Spirits from Sugar for Home Conformation, shall commence and take effect from the First Day of December in each Year, and mail be and remain in Force and Effect for and during any Period of Time, in which, by or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament, passed or to be passed, the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited, not exceeding the Space of One Year from every such First Day of December: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any licensed DiU tiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his or their Licence to be vacated or altered, on the Terms and Conditions, and at the time, and in such manner as immediately before the passing of an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Di/lillation of Spbi/s from Corn or Grain for a limited Time, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force directed, for vacating or altering Licences granted for the making or distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain for Home Confomption in the said Lowlands 5 any thing herein or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for reviving and further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, several Laws for allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Nenv* foundland and the Coast of Labrador, and of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies, and for granting Bounties thereon.

[15th June 1810.]

44 47 £ 3* SciT. 1. c. 24. (continued 48 G. 3. c. 20. §3.) revived and continued tHl March jc, 1811. — " §1. 49 G. 3, c. 26. revived and continued till March 25, 1811. — §2.

P*CAP.

107

Altered, &c.

4; G. <j. Sess.

c. 1 J.

repeal rj.

480.8. e. its.

Licences granted l>etween Dec. 1, 1608, tnd Dec. 1, follow*

i»g.

Licences to di/UI Spirits from Sugar in tke Lowlands.

48G. 2. c. Ilf.

50° GEORGII HJL

108

44 G. 3. c. 106.

45 G. 3. C. 65. 47 G.a.Seir. 1. c. 41. 49 G. 3. C. 51.

Tjttfury of Ireland may issue 2, ooOl. for Payment of Clerks, &c.

Conditions on which Anions for felling un-found Flan Seed &c. to be brought.

j R. 3 c. 8. 5 H- 8. t- 3

Q. 8i, 82, 83.

A.D. 1810.

CAP. LXXXt.

An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certau* Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities', Perquisitee and EmoIti- ments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fime, and into the Mode of receiving, collectirig, issuing and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

V\ An Act for anointing, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fax. Comm if-i sioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities> Perquisites and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received i in the several Publick Offices in Ireland therein mention A; to examine into any Abuses which may exi/l in the i fame: and into the present M&dc of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland and the said recited Act has by certain Acts, made in the Forty fifth, Forty seventh and Forty ninth Years

of His present Majesty's Reign been continued with Amendments, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred apd ten: And whereas it is; expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty, fourth

Year, as amended by the said other recited Acts, should be continued in manner herein after mentioned 5^ Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, as amended by the said other recited Acts, shall be apd the said Acts are hereby further continued until and upon the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of IJis Majesty's . Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue, andcause to be issued over and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts of the Forty fourth, Forty seventh and Forty ninth Years aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as tire Commissioners under the said recited Acts* or any Three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Publick Monies remaining.in His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; whuph Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the' Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act, and this Act, and in such mauner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writii^g under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the Courlc of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing or rayment of the fame on the parting of the said Accounts* other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them* shall appoint.

CAP. L XXXII.

An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Sale of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed in Inland\

[15th June 1810/f

FOR the Prevention of fraudulent Practicgs in respect of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed fold, in Ireland for lowing; Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Action or Suit shall be brought in Ireland, whereby to charge any Person to answer Damages for having, at any time after the passing of this Act, fold unfound, mixed, bad or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or Flax Seed or Hemp Seed unfit for sowing, unless the Warranty on which such Action shall be brought, or some Memorandum or Note thereof, shall be in Writing signed by the Party to be charged therewith, or by some other Person thereunto by him lawfully authorized; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Action or Suit relating to any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed fold in any smaller Quantity than Two Bushels.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen Manufacture, and for indemnifying Persons liable to any Penalty for having acted contrary thereto.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS certain Acts heretofore made for regulating and controlling the Manufacturer in the

making, felling and exporting of Woollen Cloth, which, from a Change of Circumstances, are

become inexpedient, and if enforced would be injurious to the Parties; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Richard the Third, intituled, The Length and Breadth of Cloths, and the Order of dying them and Wools, the Ability of the Aulneger, and what Cloths he may seal (a); an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act that White Wool and Cloths of Five Marks and under may be carried over the Sea unjhorn; an Act passed iu

(*) [Repealed, 49 G. 3. c. 109.} i.]

the

A.D. 1&io. 5a* GEORGII III. C. 83, 84#

the Twenty fowenth Year of the Reign of H». said Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, For Cloths JVitiies of iv //. and not above» and coloured- Cloths of Hi //. and not above, carried over the Sea unbarbed and vtijbem; an Act made ini the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His fsid. Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Fxfo/iUon of a certain Statute concerning the shipping of Cloths*, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and every Person liable to any Forfeiture, Penalty or Punishment for any thing done contrary to any of the Provisions in any: of the said Ada, is hereby indemnified from the same.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends, in certain Cases in Scotland.

[1 jth June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland* made in the Year One thousand six hundred and thirty three, intituled, Anent the Rate and Price of Teinds; and-by another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the same Year One thousand six hundred and thirty three, intituled, Commission for Vfiluation of Teinds not valued, rectifying the Valuations of the fame already made, and other Particulars therein contained, it was statuted, ordained and declared, that all Heritors and Life-renters of Lauds in Scotland should be entitled to have the Temds or Tithes of their Lands valued at certain fixed Rates, to be paid for the feme in all time to come; And whereas in many Parishes in Scotland where the Stipends of the

Parochial Ministers are payable out of the Teinds or Tithes in confluence of the Depreciation of the Value of Money, the Stipends of such Parochial Ministers have become inadequate to their Support and Maintenance,

and on account of the Valuations of Teinds which have taken Place, no Funds exist out of which future

Augmentations of such Stipends can be granted; And whereas in several Parishes where the Stipends of the

Parochial Ministers are payable out of Funds and Revenues separate and distinct from the Teinds, such

Stipends have also become inadequate to the Support and Maintenance of the Ministers thereof, and no Funds exist out of which such Stipends can; be augmented: And whereas it is expedient that means should be provided for augmenting the Stipends of each of such Ministers as aforesaid, to a yearly Amount or Value of One hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling, and it appears that an annual Sum not exceeding Ten thousand* 4 Pounds Sterling will be sufficient to carry these Purposes into Effect : May it therefore please Your Majesty* that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ^ad Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pafiiag of this Act, there shall in every Year be set apart and appropriated in the Hands of His Majesty's Receiver General and Paymaster iu Scotland, out of the Publick Revenues and Money received and collected by him, an annual Sum, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds of lawfuL Money of Great Britain, to answer the Purposes of this Act, to be applied in manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the Clerks to the different Presbyteries within Scotland, fha.il make up Accounts of the different Parishes within each Presbytcry, the Stipends of which Parishes do not extend in their yearly Amount or Value to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, and which cannot be augmented to that Extent under the Laws at present in force, either by reason of the Teinds of such Parishes being already exhausted, or for other want of Funds out of which such Augmentations could be made, or where, from the small Amount or Value of the unexhausted Teinds it has.been deemed inexpedient to bring. Actions of Augmentation 5 which Accounts shall specify the Amount of each such Stipend in Money, Gram, or other Articles in which the fame is payable, and the Rate at which such Grain or other Articles, if not in use to be paid in Kind are convertible into Money, and if in use to he paid in Kind, the Value thereof on an Average of the last Nine Years preceding the passing of this Act, and the Period when such Stipend was last augmented, and if any unexhausted Teind remains, specifying the Amount or Value thereof as far as the fame can be ascertained, and the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Teind Clerk or principal Clerk to the Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation 01 Teinds appointed by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland in One thousand seven hundred and seven.

III. And be it enacted, That when and as soon as the Accounts shall be received from the Clerks to the different Presbyteries in manner before mentioned, the fame shall, upon the Application of any of the Ministers interested, or of the Procurator for the Church on Behalf of the whole, be taken into Consideration by the Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners as aforesaid, and a List or Schedule shall thereupon be made up under their Direction and Authority, of all such Stipends which from the Causes aforesaid cannot be augmented to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, under the Laws at prefect in force, specifying the Amount of each Stipend in Money, Grain, or other Articles in which the fame is payable, and the Rate at which such Grain and other Articles, if notin use to he paid in Kind, are convertible into Money, or if in use to be paid in Kind, the Value thereof on an Average of the last Nine Years preceding the passing of this Act, and of the Sums necessavy to augment each such Stipend, including its present annual Amount or Value to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling: Provided that the said Augmentations shall not exceed in the whole the annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling; and in such Lift or Schedule it shall and may be lawful to the said Lords of Council and Sefiio: i as Commissioners aforesaid, to specify those Cases in which in their Opinion the Teinds should be fully exhausted before any Relief or Augmentation should be granted under the Authority of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in those Cases where the present Stipend docs not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds, and where the unexhastfted Teinds will not ber sufficient to augment it to an Amount beyond One hundred and fifty Pounds? and where the Commissioners arc

of

IO9

V H. S c.rt. 33 H. 8. c. 19. repealed.

Scotch Act,

10, 000l. yearly set apart in the Hinds of Receiver General iu Scotland.

Clerks of I'rcfhjteries to moke up Accounts of Parishes under 1501.

Particular* of Stipend* f]pecified*

Scotch Act.

Lords of Session to take into Consideration Lift of Stipend* utid Augmentations to UOl.

ProTifo;

Process of Modification for obtaining unex-hauiicd Ttiudfc

110

4ft Ci. 3. r. 139'.

Lift of Stipends limit to each Mini Iter* &c.

In what case Mini lien may apply to Prefby* lories.

f refhyteries to report thereon.

Ministers may petition Commissioners of Teiatls.

Lift of Stipends m*< .rded. t'enified Copy of recorded Lift f- nt so Barons < f the Exchequer. Precepts to Mill HU* rsfor Payment of Sutus accessary.

lirwhat ease f cmimiftioners ta prepare IJfts, order them to be recorded, &c.

Warrants for Payment, &c.

C. S+. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

of Opinion that the Teinds should be in the first Instance exhausted for each Minister whose Case shall be so specified as aforesaid, forthwith to institute a Process of Modification and Augmentation for obtaining the Remainder of such unexhausted Teinds; and that it shall be lawful for the said Lords of Council and Session^ as Commissioners aforesaid, 'to award to him the Whole of such unexhausted Teinds as soon as the Course of such Process shall admit, any thing in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary contained in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That the Lift or Schedule so to be made up as aforesaid, shall, under the Directions of the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, be forthwith printed, and a Copy thereof shall be sent by their Clerk to each Minister whose Stipend shall have been included in the Accounts transmitted from the Presbyteries to the said Teind Clerk, or Principal Clerk of the said Lords of Council and Session, at Commissioners aforesaid, in manner before mentioned, and a Copy to the Clerk of each Presbytery within v Scotland, who shall thereupon give Notice to each Minister of the Presbytery of the Receipt of such printed Copy of the aforesaid Lift or Schedule.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Minister of the Presbytery whose, Stipend shall not be specified in the said Lift or Schedule, but whose Stipend should in virtue of this Act have been so specified therein, to make a Representation to the Presbytery of the Bounds, shewing why his Stipend should be so specified, and for every Minister whose Stipend shall be specified in the said lift or Schedule to p/efent Objections thereto, if he shall see cause, to such Presbytery of the Bounds 5 and it shall be lawful to, each Presbytery, and such Presbytery is hereby required to take such Representations and Objections into Consideration, and to report their Opinion upon such lift or Schedule as the lame may appear to them, to the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid: Provided always, that such Report shall be made by each Presbytery, and transmitted by the Clerk of such Presbytery to the Teind Clerk, or Principal Clerk of the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months next

_after the said Lift or Schedule shall have been received by the Clerk of such Presbytery.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Minister shall think himself aggrieved by any Report made by or Proceedings of any Presbytery in the Matters aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to such Minister to present his Petition to the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, dating the Grounds of his Objection or Complaint in the Premises; and the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall order such Petition to be taken into Consideration in a summary way, and direct the same to be answered, or otherwise; and shall determine in the Matter of such Objection or Complaint as early as the Circumstances.of the Case will permit; and such Determination shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to any Appeal to the House of Lords.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Dispatch after such Reports shall have been received from the Pre(byteries as aforesaid, take the fame with the Determination that may have been given on any Petition as aforesaid, and the Lift or Schedule formerly prepared by them into Consideration, and shall confirm the said Lift or Schedule, or make such Alterations thereon as to them shall seem just and expedient, and shall adjust and settle the fame, and after it shall have been so adjusted and settled shall order the same to be recorded in their Books.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Teind Clerk or Clerk to the Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall forthwith make out an Extract or certified Copy of the said recorded Lift or Schedule, and transmit the same to the Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer in Scotland, who shall appoint the same to be also forthwith recorded in their Books; and shall thereupon issue a Preceptor Warrant, addressed to His Majesty's said Receiver General and Paymaster in Scotland, to each of the Ministers of the respective Parishes mentioned in such Lift or Schedule for Payment to such Minister, of the annual Sum, which according to such Lift or Schedule is necessary for augmenting his Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him at the Terms or Times herein after directed during his Incumbency in the Parish mentioned in such Precept or Warrant, and shall cause such Precept or Warrant to be transmitted to the Minister therein mentioned.

X. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, shall have decided in any Process or Precedes for obtaining the Remainder of any unexhausted Teinds in manner hereinbefore directed, and shall thereupon, or upon any other Ground, have determined with respect to the Stipend or Stipends of any Minister or Ministers which ought to be augmented under the Authority of this Act, and shall have ascertained the Sum necessary for augmenting each such Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid shall cause a List or Schedule of such Stipend or Stipends to be made out in manner as hereinbefore directed, speci-fying the Sum necessary for augmenting each such Stipend to the annual Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds; and such Lift or Schedule shall be recorded in the Books of the Teind Court, and an Extractor certified Copy thereof shall be made out in manner hereinbefore directed, and shall be transmitted to the Barons of Exchequer, who shall cause the same to be also recorded in their Books, and shall issue their Precept or Warrant, addressed to His Majesty's said Receiver General and Paymaster in Scotland, to each of the Ministers of the respective Panfties mentioned in such Lift or Schedule, for Payment to such Minister of the annual Sum which according to such Lift or Schedule is necessary for augmenting his Stipend to the annual Amount or Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid to him at the Terms or Times herein after directed, during his Incumbency, in the Parish mentioned in such Precept or Warrant, and shall cause such Precept or Warrant to be [ transmitted to the Minister therein mentioned.

A.D. 1810.

in

50° GEORGII III.

C. 84.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Augmentations by this A A granted out of the Fund before mentioned shall be payable by Two Half-yearly Payments at the Terms of Whitsund ay and Michaelmas in each Year 5 and the First Half-yearly Payment thereof shall be due and payable for the Half-year immediately preceding the Term of Whitsunday last 5 and the same shall be so exp re fled in the Precepts or Warrants to be issued* by the Barons of Exchequer in manner hereinbefore directed f and at the First Term of Whitsunday or Michaelmas after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as the Amount of the respective Augmentations shall be £xed and settled, the said Receiver General and Paymaster shall be and is hereby required to pay to the Minister mentioned in such Precept or Warrant as hereinbefore directed to be issued, or to any Person or Persons duly authorized to that Effect by such Minister, the Half-yearly Payments that may be due and payable to such Miniiler at the time, subject to Deduction for the First Year, in manner herein after mentioned; and at every subsequent Term of Whitsunday or Michaelmas thereafter, the said Receiver General and Paymaster shall be and is hereby required to pay to such Minister, or Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, the Half-yearly Payment or Payments that may be due to such Minister at the time.

XII. And be it enacted, That out of the First Year's Augmentation granted to such Ministers as aforesaid, and payable by virtue of this Act, the said Receiver General and Paymaster shall be and he is hereby authorized and required to dedu& and retain the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound Sterling, of thfc Sum payable to each of such Ministers as aforesaid, to be applied in manner herein after directed, but such Deduction shall be made only from the Augmentation payable for the First Year under this Act, and no such Deduction shall be made from the Augmentation payable for any subsequent Year.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioneri aforesaid, shall cause to be made up an Account of the Expences incurred, and of the Recompence to be made to the Persons employed under the Authority of this Act, for their Labour and Trouble in the Matters aforesaid, and shall specify in such Account the Persons to whom such Expences and Recompence shall be paid, and the Sum payable to each Person, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound, to be retained by the said Receiver General and Paymaster in manner before mentioned, and shall certify the same to the said Barons of Exchequer; and the said Barons of Exchequer shall from time to time issue their Warrants upon the said Receiver General and Paymaster, for Payment to the Persons specified in such Account, or to their Order, of the several Sums of Money therein specified.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Minister of any Church or Parish whose Stipend shall have been specified in any List or Schedule hereinbefore directed to be prepared by the said Lords of Council and Session, as Commissioners aforesaid, shall die or be removed from the Charge of his Church or Parish, his Successor in such Church or Parish, if no Precept or Warrant had been granted to his Predecessor, shall be entitled to take all such Steps in regard to the obtaining of such Precept or Warrant as would have been competent to his Predecessor, but shall be as+ he is hereby bound and obliged to account for and pay to his Predecessor, or to the Executors or personal Re] resentatitfes of his Predecessor, whatever Part of the Augmentation granted .under the Authority of this Act shall be due to such Predecessor, or to the Executors or personal Representatives of such Predecessor respectively; and if such Precept or Warrant had previously been granted, the Minister succeeding to such Church or Parish shall be entitled to apply to the said Barons of Exchequer to be put in the Place and Stead of the Minister so dying or being removed as aforesaid, with respect to future Payments under this Act, in the manner herein after mentioned $ and the said Barons of Exchequer upon being satisfied that the Minister so applying has succeeded to the Church or Parish of the Minister (o dying or being removed as aforesaid, shall forthwith issue a Precept or Warrant to the said Receiver General and Paymaster in favour of the Minister so applying for Payment to him of the Sums which were payable to the former Minister of such Church or Parish at the Terms or Times hereinbefore directed, during his Incumbency in the Church* or Parish mentioned in such Precept or Warrant, and shall cause such Precept or Warrant to-be transmited to the Minister therein mentioned; and the Sums therein mentioned shall be payable and be paid upon such Precept or Warrant by the said Receiver General and Paymaster to the Minister mentioned therein, or to any Person or Persons duly authorized to that Effect, at the Term or Terms, and in manner hereinbefore directed; and so on, as often as the Case shall happen, with respect to all the Ministers who shall succeed to any Church or Parish, the Stipend of which shall be inserted in any such Lift or Schedule as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Rights and Interests of the respective Ministers who may be entitled to the Augmentations to be granted under the Authority of this Act, shall, in case of their Deceale or Removal, cease and determine at the fame Terms of Whitsunday or Michaelmas, and.in the same manner, as the Rights and Interests of the Clergy of Scotland in their other Stipends cease and determine by the Law of Scotland} and that in like manner the Rights and Interests of their Successors to the said .Augmentations to be granted under the Authority of this Act, shall commence at the Terms of Whitsunday or Micl>acln\as immediately preceding their Admission to their respective Churches or Parishes, in the same manner as the Rights and Interests of the Clergy of Scotland to their other Stipends, do commence by the Law of Scotland,

XVI. Provided auo, and be it enacted, That the Executors or personal Representatives of the Ministers deceasing, whose Stipends shall be augmented under the Authority of this Act, and the Executors or personal Representatives of their Successors, shall be entitled to draw One Half-yearly Moiety of the Augmentations to he granted under the Authority of this Act, in Name of Ann, over and above the Stipends that may have been due to the Ministers deceasing, in the same manner as is directed by the Law of Scotland with respect to the other Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland; and the Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer shall grant Precepts or Warrants to His Maj&ly's said Receiver General and Paymaster, for Payment of the said Half-yearly Moiety in Name of Ann, to those having Right thereto by the Law of Scotland, upon their Receipt, and tlus without the Necessity of any Confirmation or other Title to be made up in that Behalf.

Augmentations to be paid hall-yearly by Receiver General.

Out of first Year's Augmentation u. in the Pound t« be retained.

to be applied in paying Exigences incurred, &c.

In cases of Death or Removal, bow Sue* cessors shall for obtaining Stipend, &c. t Sic.

How and in what case, Ri<: lu* of Ministers to Augmentations to cease.

Rsecntorf muy dravr for One Half-yearly Moiety of Aug. me.itaiion, beyond what may be due.

112

Au£m<>utatioM not pu'ui during Vacancies,

b«f to be applied to Fund f*r lYovifiott of Widows and Children oi i itcru'mcti,

19 Ci. 8. C. 20.

The Barone of

Kxrb'*c|U< r «o issue Pii'i cjK for PaMornt to Trustee* of

Fund,

who may lend out the Money ti lutctefl.

Payment allowed to Receiver GiSimL

Precepts, Re. exempt from Sump Duty.

Fo/pfintj

Prca pts, Rc.

Punishment.

Fee*.

Commissioner* of leinds, Rc. may give Ditto tivHia for Rr^ula-tloa oi Cjcrk*.

C. 84. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

XVII. And be it enacted, That when the Paftotal Charge m noy of the Charclvet or Parishes the Stipends of which shall he augmented as hereinbefore mentioned, shall at any time hereafter become vacant, the several Sums hereinbefore directed to be appropriated for augmenting such Stipends respectively, shall not during any such Vacancy (excepting only with regard to the Half-yearly Moiety in Name of Anny directed to be paid as hereinbefore (perilled), he applicable to the Purposes to which vacant Stipends in Scotland are at present by Law applicable; nor shall they in asry such case be subject as vacant Stipends are to the Disposal of the Patron* of such vacant Parities, or of the Barons of His Majesty*! Exchequer in Parities of which His Majesty h Patron, or of the Synods of Argyll or Glemelgy which have or chum to have a Right by Law to dispose of the vacant Stipends within their Boeuds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of every Vacancy occurring hi the Parishes in which the Parochial Stipends shall have been augmented under the Authority of this Act, the annual Sums hereinbefore directed to be appropriated for augmenting the Stipends hereinbefore mentioned, shall, after Payment of the Ann in manner before directed, during any Vacaucy in any of the said Churches or Parities, be payable and be paid to the Trustees appointed by the Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better raising and fee uring a Fund for a Provijton for the Widow* and Children of the M'uiifers of the ChuPch of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principal* and MaJUrs in the Universities of Saint Andrew's, Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen; and for repealing Two Ad* made in the Seventeenth and Twenty fee on d Tear* of the Reign of His Ute Majesty King George the Second, for those Purpose*y or to their General Collector, to be applied by the said Trustees in the way they shall judge most expedient and effectual for securing a permanent Audition to the Annuities provided to the Widows therein mentioned, in all time coming.

XIX. And be it enacted, That when any such Vacancy shall occur, the said Barons of Exchequer shall, upon the Application of the said Trustees or their General Collector, issue their Precept or Warrant to the said Receiver General and Paytnafter, for Payment to the said Trustees or their General Collector, as aforesaid, of the whole Amount of the Sums directed to be appropriated under the Authority of this Act in Augmentation of the Stipend of the said vacant Church or Parish, at the fame Term or Terms at which vacant Stipends are at present by the Law of Scotland payable to Patrons and others having Interest therein.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Collector, under the Authority and by the Directions of the said Trustees, and according to such RegulatioiiMB they shall judge expedient, to lend out at Interest, on sufficient Security, the several Sums hereby appointed tq^be paid to the said Trustees or their General Collector by the said Receiver General and Paytnafter as afoftdud, from time to time, for the Purpose of providing a permanent Fund, in addition to the Annuities before mentioned, established under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all Payments to be made by the said Receiver General and Paymaster, of the several Sums of Money hereinbefore directed to be paid by him to the several Personi and for the feveril Pin-poles hereinbefore mentioned, upon the Receipts of those legally entitled or authorised to receive the same, shall be allowed in his Account?.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the feieral Precepts or Warrants to be issued in manner before mentioned and the Receipts to be granted for the Sums of Money payable as hereinbefore directed, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty.

XXIII. And be it eaa&ed, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any such Precept or Warrant, or Precepts or Warrants as aforesaid, or any Signature or Signatures thereto, or any written Factory or Mandate, for receiving any Sum or Sums of Money made payable under the Authority of this Act, or any Signature or Signatures thereto, or any Receipt or Receipts granted on Payment of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, or Signature or Signatures thereto, and shall issue the fame with an Intent to defeaud the said Receiver General and Pay matter or his Successors in Office, or any Person or Persons entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money payable under the Authority of this Act, then every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be punished as Persons guilty of the Crime of Forgery are liable to be punished by the Law of Scotland.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no Fees or Expences what foe ver shall be charged by or paid to any Clerks or Officers of the said Lords of Council and Strffion as Commissioners aforesaid, or of the said Borons of Exchequer, or the said Receiver General and Paymaster, or any Clerk or Officer employed by or under him, save and except the Expences and Recompence for the First Year, to be ascertained in the Account of the fame, to be made up and paid in manner before directed.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Lords of Council and Session as Commissioners aforesaid, and the said Barons of Exchequer, shall and may from time to time give such Directions for the Regulation of their respective Clerks and Officers employed, or that may be employed to carry this Act into Execution, whet % special Directions are not hereby given relative to the fame, as to the said Lords of Council and Session a6 Commissioners aforesaid and to the Barons of Exchequer shall fetm fit and expedient.

A.D. 18 to

50* GEORG 11

III.

0. 85.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, in respect of which Security ought to be given; and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices, in the Event of such Security not being given within a Time to be limited after the Grant of such Office.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that Provision fhotild be made, for preventing any Negligence,

Omission or Irregularity, in the giving of due Securities by all Person9 employed in Situations of

Publick Trust, and concerned in the Receipt and Distribution or Expenditure of Publick Money, who are

required to give Security to account for Publick Monies coming to their Hands; and for ascertaining the

Death of any Surety or Sureties of any such Person; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prclent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall, after the passing of this Act, be appointed to any Office or Employment, or Commission, Civil or Military, in any Publick Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to any such Office or Employment of Publick Trust under the Crown, or wherein he shall be concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Di(bur(e-ment or Expenditure of any Publick Monies, and who by reason thereof shall be required to give Security with Surety or Sureties or otherwise, shall, within One Month after Notice of such Appointment, if he shall then be in England, or within Two Months if he shall then be in Scotland or Ireland, or within Six Months if he shall then be in any other Part of Europe or in America or the West Indies, or within Nine Months if he shall then be in Africa, or within Eighteen Months if he shall then be in the East Indies or in any other Part of AJiay or 1 within Ten Months if he shall then be on the High Seas, (unless he shall footier arrive in England or Wales, or Scotland or Ireland', and then within Two Months after such Arrival)give, execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds ot other Security or Securities, in such Sum, and with such fumcient Surety or Sureties as shall be approved of by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them, «r by the principal Officer or Officers or Person or Persons in the Office or Department to which he shall be appointed, for the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him, and for the duly accounting for all Publick Monies entrusted to him or placed under his Controul.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, before the passing of this Act, shall have been appointed to and shall hold any Office or Employment, or Commission Civil or Military, in any Publick Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any such Office or Employment of Publick Trust under the Crown, or wherein he shall be concerned in the Colle61ion, Receipt, Diffiuriement or Expenditure of Publick Monies, and tvho by reason thereof shall have been or shall be required to give Security with Surety or Sureties or otherwise, and who shall not before have given such Security, shall, within One Month after the passing of this Act, if such Person shall then be in England or Wales, within Two Months if he shall then be in Scotland, or within Three Months if he shall then be in Ireland\ or within Six Months if he shall then be in any other Part of Europe or in the West Indies or America, or within Nine Months if he shall then be in Africa, or within Eighteen Months if he shall then he in the East Indies or in any other Part of A/taf or within Ten Months if he shall then be on the High Seas (unless he shall sooner arrive in England, Wales or Scotland or Ireland, and then within Two Months after such Arrival) give and execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities, in such Sum of Money and with such sufficient Surety or Sureties as titall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officers of the Office or Department to which he belongs* for the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him, and for the duly accounting for all the Publick Monies entrusted to him or placed under his Controul.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, by reason of his Appointment to or holding of any Office or Employment or Commission Civil or Military, in any Publick Department in England or of Publick Trust under the Crown, or who, by reason of being concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Disbursement or Expenditure of any Publick Monies, shall, before the passing of this Act, have given or executed or entered into, or shall hereafter give or execute or enter into any Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities for the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him, or for the duly accounting for Monies entrusted to him, shall cause a Memorial of such Bond or Bonds, or Security or Securities, to be registered with the Register of the County of Middlesex in manner herein after mentioned 5 and every such Memorial shall, as to all Bonds and Securities entered into before the passing of this Act, be registered, if the Person on whose Behalf the same shall have been entered into, shall relide or be in Great Britain, within Four Months after the passing of this Act, and if in Ireland within Three Months, and if in any other Part of Europe or in the West Indies or America within Twelve Months, and if in Africa within Fifteen Months, and if in the East Indies or in any other Part of Acts within Eighteen Months, and if on the High Seas within Twelve Months (unless he shall sooner arrive n England or Wahsy Scotland or Ireland, and then within Four Months after such Arrival) respectively after the passing of this Act, and as to all such Bonds and Securities to be entered into after the passing of this Act, such Memorials shall be registered within the like Periods respectively after entering into the fame, according to the Place or Country in which the Person appointed shall be at the time of giving, executing or entering into such Bond or other Security as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Person required by this Act to register any such Memorials as aforesaid, shall produce or cause to be produced by his Agent or feme Person a£ing on his Behalf, to the Officer or other Person with whom his Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities shall have been or is to be deposited, a Memorial of such Bond or Bouds or other Security or Securities signed by hiqifelf, containing

50 Geo. III. Q the

Persons hereafter

to be appointed t) Oflires of Publick Trust m England to give Securiij.

Peribm a! ready appointed to Security,

Persont Security to ter Memorials,

within raritms Time*, according to Place of Residence,

Memorial*v Le produced.

To be fijrned and delivered to Krty,

and afterwards filed in the Remitter Office for Middlesex.

Anu. c.^o.

Certificate of Hegifter to be (ires.

Neglecting to

give Securitynd re^iftur Memorials,

Penalty,

JVoviso for Act* done.

Penalty remitted.

NegleCUng to

five Notice of leath of Sureties.

[Penalty.]

Neg1c<Wing to give fresh Security.

[Penalty.]

C. 85. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

the .phriftun and Surnames, and Additions and Places of Abode of himself and of his Sureties, if any, and the several Sums in which they are respectively bound, together with the Date or respective Dates of the said Bond or Bonds, or other Security or Securities, and the Substance of the Condition or Conditions thereof; and the Officer or Person to whom such Memorial shall be so produced, if the fame appears to him to be cerreft* shall figti and redeliver such Memorial to the Person producing the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Memorial, after the same shall have been so produced, signed and redelivered as aforesaid, shall, within the respective Periods hereinbefore limited for registering the fame, be produced and left with the Regiiler or Matter of the Register Office for the County of Middlesex established under an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne* to be tiled in the said Publick Register Office, together with an Affidavit sworn before some Person empowered by Law to administer an Oath, that such Memorial was duly signed by the Officer or Person with whom the Security was deposited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Register or Matter shall make an Entry, and likewise, if required, shall give a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, testified by Two credible Witnesses, of every such. Memorial brought to him to be registered as aforesaid, and therein shall mention the certain Day on which such Memorial shall be so registered or entered, expressing also in what Book, Page or Number the fame is entered: And, for the Purpose of entering or registering Memorials under the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, the Register or Matter shall provide a separate Register Book, and every Page of such Register Book, and every Memorial that shall be entered therein, shall be numbered, and the Day of the Month and Year when every fuclv Memorial is registered shall be entered in the Margin of the said Register Books and in the Margins of the said Memorials; and that every such Register or Matter shall keep a separate Alphabetical Calendar of the Names of the Principals and Sureties mentioned in such Memorials, with References to the Book, Page or Number where the Memorials containing such Names are to be found; and such Register or Matter shall duly file every such Memorial in Order of Time as the same shall be brought to the said Office, and enter and register the said Memorials in the fame Order in which they shall respectively come to his Hands.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who by reason of his Appointment to

or holding of any such Office or Employment or Commission Civil or Military, in any Publick Department or of Publick Trust, or who by reason of being concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Disbursement or Expenditure of any Publick Money is required or bound to give any such Security, or register any such Memorial as aforesaid, shall neglect to give such Security and to cause such Memorial thereof to be duly registered in manner aforesaid, and within the Period specified in this Act, he shall forfeit and be deprived of the Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission, in respect whereof such Security ought to have been given and Memorial registered as aforesaid, and every such Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission, shall, from and after the Period specified in this Act for registering such Memorial be wholly void and of none EfFeft: Provided always, that such Avoidance shall not annul or make void any Act or Order, or other Matter or Thing, done by such Person during the time he actually held such Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission: Provided always, that no such Forfeiture shall take place by reafou of any such Memorial not being registered under this Act, in which the proper Sureties shall have been given and Memorial made out, and where the>, Failure of Register shall have arisen from the Loss of such Memorial in the transmitting thereof from beyond the Seas 5 Provided that in every such Case a new Memorial specifying the Reason of such Delay, shall be.made out and signed and registered within the like Period, after the Person giving such Security shall have.received Notice of the Loss, regard being had to the Place where he shall then be, as is required by this Act for the Registry thereof if such Loss had not arisen: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty to remit any such Forfeiture, in any Case in which any Failure of registering any such Memorial shall not hav« arisen from any Neglect or Omission of the Person bound to register the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person as aforesaid, who shall have given any Bond or Bonds, or other Security or Securities, with Surety or Sureties for the due Execution of the Trtitt reposed in; him, or for the duly accounting for Publick Monies coming to his Hands, shall give Notice in Writing to One of the Secretaries of His Majesty's Treasury, or to the Head of the Office or Department to which he shall: belong, of the Death of any Surety or Sureties or Person or Persons bound for or with him in any such Se-, curity or Securities, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have come to his Knowledge, if he shall reside or be in Great Britain, or within Four Months if in Ireland, or within Six Months if in any other Part of Europe, or in any Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or America* or within Nine Months if in Africa, or within Twelve Months if in India or in any other Part of Asia, or within Tea Months if he flinll be on the High Seas (unlcfshe shall sooner arrive in England* Wales, Scotland or Ireland, and then within Two Month* after such Arrival); and any Person who shall neglect to give such Notice within such Period as aforesaid shall forfeit One fourth Part of the Sum for which the Surety so dead ttuill have given Security, to the Use of Hit. Majesty, to be recovered in any of the Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General; and every such Person who shall upon the Death of any Surety neglect to give the Security of another Surety, to be approved in such manner as such Surety dying was approved, within such Period from his having Notice of such Death, and to register a Memorial of the Security of such new Surety within such Period from his having given the Security of such new Surety, as are herein respectively limited for giving and registering the original Security, the fame Regard being had to the Place iq which such Person may then be, shall forfeit his Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission, in lik* manner, and under and subject to such Provisions as aforesaid.:

C. 86, 8 7

A.D. 1810; 50° GEORGII III.,

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to amend Two A£U passed in the Thirty ninth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the East India Company shall hire and take up Ships.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Alt of Parliament passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present agG.f. c.

Majesty, intituled, /in Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to the East Indies shall hire and tale up Ships for their regular Service; it is enacted, That from and after the patting of that Ad, the said United Company or their Court of Directors should employ

in their regular Service no Ships but such as should be contracted for to serve the said Company as they should

have Occasion to employ them in Trade and Warfare, or any other Service, for Six Voyages to and from

India or China, or elsewhere within the Limits of the said United Company's exclusive Trade, in manner in

the said Act mentioned; which Ad was explained and amended by ai? Act of Parliament passed in the 43 c 4

Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that the Court of Dirrc-

tors of the said United Company should be empowered to hire and take up for their regular Service, Ships already engaged or hereafter to be engaged in the Service of the said United Company, in the manner provided by either of the said Acts, for the further Serviceof the said United Company, and also that they should«be empowered to take up by private Contract, Ships engaged in His Majesty's Transport or other Service, to carry Convids, or Stores to New South Wales, the Cape of Good Hupe or Ceylon, for the Purpose of bringing Home Cargoes from China or India for One Voyage only Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Maiclty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ii? this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the InwhatrafeCon* Court of Directors of the said United Company, by Publick Advertisement, to hire and take up for the regular Service of the said United Company for such Number of Voyages to and from India or China, or elsewhere f0radtU-

within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company, as the said Court of Directors shall Voyage*

fee tit, beyond and after the Performance of the Number of Voyages for which any such Ship or Vessel respectively have been or shall be contracted to serve the said Company, Provided that such Ship or Ships shall be lit or can be repaired and made lit to serve the said Company for such additional Voyage or Voyages: Pro- Ttimsof Freight..Tided always, that the Freight to be paid for any such Ship or Ships to be taken up for any additional Voyage or Voyages, to be performed after the Expiration of the Number of Voyages for which such Ship or Ships respectively shall have been contracted for to serve the said Company, shall not exceed the Rate of Freight paid for such Ships respectively under the last Contracts respectively by which they shall have been engaged in the Service of the said United Company, unless the Average Rate of Freight to be paid for the Ships of a similar X)escription, which shall have been takr. up to serve the said Company for Six Voyages at lead, in consequence of the Advertisement under which any Ship or Ships (hill have been taken up to serve the said Company for Six Voyages at least, which shall have been published last immediately before such Contract for an additional Voyage or additional Voyages shall be entered into respectively, shall exceed such Rate, in which Case the Freight to be paid for Ships to perform any additional Voyage or Voyages may be extended to the said Average Rate of Freight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that in allCales Pro#

-ef Ships taken up under the Authority of this Act, all the Provisions and Directions contained in the said recited Acts shall be adhered to and performed in the same manner as in the said recited Acts are mentioned and <iireded, fa far as they shall be applicable to the Case.

II. And be it further euaded, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors of the of STtfpt

said United Company from time to time to hire and take up by private Contract without advertising, any Ship or Ships engaged in His Majesty's Transport or other Service to carry Convids or Stores to New South Wales,

the Cape of Good Nope or Ceylon, for the Purpose of bringing home Cargoes from China or India, at such \Vt!w.

Rate of Freight and Demurrage as they shall judge to be reasonable, so as no such Ship shall be hired or taken.vp for more than One Voyage.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to amend Two Acts, relating to the raising Men for the Service of the East India Company and the Quartering and Billetting such Men*and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 39 G. 3. #. 10*.

AS for the better recruiting the Forces of the East India Company: And whereas an Act passed in the

Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act forpunijldng V C.i. c. U Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants England trad-

ing to the East Indies \ and for the Punishment of Offences committed in the East Indies or at the Island of Saint

Helena: And whereas it would tend to the more speedy recruiting of the Forces of the Had India Company, if Men were permitted to enlist for a limited time in the Service of the said Company, without enga$Pn£to serve in His Majesty's Forces 5 and Provision mud in such Case be made for Quartering and Billetting the Men so raised: And whereas it is also expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, as to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, should be amended in relation

to the Members and Witnesses being sworn, as now required on such Trials in His Mij^fty's Regular Forces: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-. feni of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the


FnVjfting Men fj* ified in 39 G. 3. c. 109; to serve in Com* yany's Force* in India.

To We fulije& to Mutiny Act and to 17 U. a. C. 9.

Former A&t relating to quarter-t ciing, &c*

Men may enlist kx 12 Year*, &c#

Ftoviso for re-ett-

lUting.

Local Militia Men may enlist.

Fit Majesty may direct Trials by Courts Mania).

C. 87. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to order and cause such of His Officers as he shall see lit, to levy, enlill and raise such Number of Men, either for Life or limited Service, as His Majesty shall from time to time think fit, not exceeding the Number of Men specifiedin the said recited Act of the thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty aforesaid, for the special Purpose of fenring in the East Indies in the Forces of the said United Company only; and the Recruits to be raised for such special Purpose, inftfcad of taking the Oath of Fidelity appointed to be taken by the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, or by any Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, shall take the Oath specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.); and in (lead of the Oath of Service prescribed by any Act in force for the punishing of Mutiny and Desertion, shall take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); which Oaths shall be adfainiftered by all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates before whom any such Recruits shall be carried for the Purpose of being atte'sted, and the Certificate given upon such Attestation, shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C).

II. And be it further enacted, That all Soldiers enlisted into the Service of the said United Company of Merchants, shall be trained and disciplined, and subject to such Command and Regulations, and at all times and until their Embarkation be subject to all the Provisions of any Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and after their Embarkation, to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year aforesaid, in like manner as is prescribed in the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid; and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and prescribed in the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, shall extend and be in full Force as to all Soldiers enlisted under and after the passing of this Act into the Service of the said United Company of Merchants, as fully and effectu-ally, as if the lame were federally and respectively repeated and re-enacted in this Act and made Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and Penalties and Forfeitures, contained and prescribed in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for the time being, in relation to the quartering and billetting and provisioning of, and Allowances in respect of such quartering and billetting of Soldiers and Officers in His Majesty's Service, and to the providing of Carriages for the Use of Soldiers shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend to all Soldiers enlisted for or transferred into the Service of the said United Company of Merchants, as fully and effectu-aliy as i' the fame were severally and separately repeated and re*enacted in this Act, and made Part thereof; any thing in the said Act of the Thirty uinth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to allow Men to enlist in the Service of the said United Company For*Twelve Years; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person anlifting for limited Service in the Service of the said United Company, to enlist for Twelve Years, if at the Time of such enlistinghe shall be of the Age of Eighteen Years and upwards, and if he shall be under Eighteen Years of Age, then for such further Period beyond Twelve Year3 as shall be equal to the Difference between Eighteen Years and the Age of the Person so enlisting.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall have been enlisted for limited Service in the Forces of the said United Company, after the Expiration of the first Period for which they shall have been severally enlisted, to re-enlist for such further Period as shall be allowed and appointed by any Order of the Governor General in Council in Bengal\

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ballotted or enrolled to serve or fenring in the Local Militia, to enlist or enter into the Service of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, in like Manner and at such Times as any such Person might or may enlist or enter into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Regimental and Garrison and other Courts Martial which shall be held for the Trial of any Offences committed by the Troops in the Service of the said United Company, shall have full Power, and are hereby authorized and required to take and administer such Oaths, and to proceedim such manner in the Trial of Offences, as His Majesty shall from time to time think fH to order and direct.

SCHEDULES to which this A refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

I A.B. being enlisted to serve in the [Infantry or Artillery, as the Case may he] of the East India Company* A do fweer. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in Duty bound, defend him in his Person, Crown and Dignity, against all his Enemies; and I swear, that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall bt lawfully set over me.

SCHEDULE (B.)

I A.B. do make Oath, That I am [or, have been, as the Case may be] [fate Oceufation, if any, or fate if*/wne] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in, [fate County, Parish or Place, and

that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marinas; and that I will serve the United Company

A.D. 1810.

117

50° GEORGII III. C. 87, 88.

m

pany of Merchantt of England trading to the East Indiet until I shall be duly and legally discharged, [*r, if the Recruit enlists for limited Service) then leave out the Words Jcored under, and insert J for the Period of Twelve Years, [if the Person enlisting is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Different* between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Tears, as the Case may be % and such Period to be tnferted inf tad of Twelve TearsJ provided the said United Company (ho aid for lo long require roy Service,

SCHEDULE (C.)

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of } do hereby certify That Years old. Feet Inches high,

Eyes, Hair, came before me at

Day of and dated himself to be of the Age

Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways disabled, by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing* and was not an Apprentice 5 and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty or to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of [this Blank to be filled up by the Magifiraiet either until

discharged, or for Tears, as in the preceding Form of enlifling\; and I do hereby certify. That in my Presence the Third and Fodrth Articles of the Second Section and First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested; and that I have given to the said

a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my Name,

for, Chief Magistrate of appeared to be

Complexion, on the

CAP. LXXXVIIL An Act to make Provisions for a limited Time respecting certain Grants of Offices.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS on account of certain Proceedings depending in Parliament, it is expedient to establish the

Provisions herein after mentioned respecting certain Grants of Offices for a limited Time* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Publick Office, Place or Employment, shall be granted in Reversion, or fur Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Board or Department of Government; and that during the time aforesaid no Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Common Law or Equity, shall be so granted, save as herein after is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes void; and that all Salary and Emoluments received under any such Grant or Appointment shall and may be recovered by Information at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer, to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: Provided, that uothing herein contained shall be construed to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Em-

ftloyment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, which shall be made by any Chief Judge, Officers or Officer of any ucn Court being such Chief Judge, Officers or Officer at the time of passing this Act; or to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in any such Courts which shall hereafter be made by any other Person or Persons having at the time of passing this Act the Right of granting any such Office, Place or Employment, if such Office, Place or Employment, was vacant at the time of passing this Act, or which shall be made by any other Officer or Officers of the said Courts not being such at the time of passing this Act, but becoming such by virtue of Appointments hereafter made by the Persons respectively who at the time of passing this Act are the Chief Judges, Officers or Officer of such Courts: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to save or render valid and effectual, any Grants hereafter to be made by any such Chief Judges, Officers, or other Persons as aforesaid, of Offices in Reversion, or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, which Offices had not before been granted in Reversion, or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession; nor to make good any Grants which such Judges, Officers or Officer, or other Persona respectively would not have been entitled by Law to make, if this Act had not passed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be con-straed to make void any Grants of any Offices, Places or Employments, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law which shall be granted by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Reversion or for Joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, upon the Request or Recommendation of the Chief Judges or Officers of His Majesty's said Courts, being such at the time of passing this Act, and which Offices, Places or Employments, have been heretofore so granted upon such Request or Recommendation: Provided also, that this Act shall not be takes to prohibit the Appointment of Affiilants and Successorg to the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

t9

Until Feb. 1>.1819, no Publick Office shall be granted in Reversion, &c.

Grants void.

How far Grants

of Offices in Coarts of Law exempted*

Provtfo for Appointment of At* fifiants and So^ ceflbri to Clergy of Scotland.

zx8

F©'ir Month*

Va\ in advance.

lUui of-Pay.

A11owan<es for Contingencies.

Clod ling.

Hates of Pay when on Furlough.

frorifo for Cer-

t'.fieate of Dischargr of Serjeant, &c.

Gdonel to certify to Treasury Days of Exer-€ife, &c.

Hates of Pay.

Hay, &c. issued by Tnalury of lreJjuui,

While MilltW embodied. Pay and Allowance Vi cea£e.

*No Fee on Wax-mt.

C. 89. -30° GEORGII IIf, A.D. 1810.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Charge of the Pay and Ciothing-of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[15th June j 810.3

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Dav of March One thousand eight hundred and ten: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every- County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned 5 (that is to say) for the Pay of the said Militia at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, Paymaster and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, Paymaster or Surgeon is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day for each Serjeant, resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence per Week for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each. Drummer, so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence per Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer so resident as aforesaid;

and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid.; and also at the Rate of-Four pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; One Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment or Battalion during the Time of the Men being from Home upon account of their annual Exercise; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and Two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major 5 and at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Corporal, >vhen such Serjeants, Drummers, Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; and, with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings for each Private Militia Man, when such Private Militia Men have not been clothed within Four Years: Provided always, that where any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Absence, receive the Rates of Pay following: (that is to say) every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any such Pay shall be from time to time issued by the said Lords Commissionners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Fout' Mouths from the time when such Advances shall be made.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Colonel, or in his Absence from the Kingdom, the Commanding Officer of any Regiment dr Battalion of Militia shall certify in Writing, to the Pay master of the fame, that he hath discharged any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in such Case no Pay shall be ifTncd for such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, until another be duly appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, fha have fixed the Days

' of Exercise for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the Whole Twenty eight Days; and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland are hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Sfiillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Quarter Master, at the Rite of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Assistant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of their Attendance at such Place of annual Exercise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the said Militia as aforesaid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Surgeons of the said Militia shall be issued and paid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, who is and are hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment or Battalion of Militia is or shall be embodied, or called out into afhial Service, and thereby the Officers and Private Militia Men are or shall be

: entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and Private Men in His Majesty's other Regiments of Foot, all Pay as aforesaid, shall, during such time of aftnal Service, and until such Regiment or Battalion shall be disembodied and return Home, cease and not be paid.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or

iot upoa

A.D. 18ro.

50 GEORGII nr.

C. 89.

119

upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act-

VII* Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as having served in any or either of the Two Troops of Korfe Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money by this Act directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants or Ensigns; and the receivirg and taking such Subsistence Money by any such Captain, Lieutenant or Ensign, shall not be deemed a receiving or taking so as in any manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same,

I A.B. do swear, that I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, '

besidea my Allowance of Half Pay as reduced in Regiment of

c or Allowance as in late Troop of

Horse Guards or Regiment of Horse reduced, save and except my Subsistence

c as an Officer^for serving in the Militia in the county of *So help me GOD.

And taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay, or the said; Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, as soon as they shall receive a Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the respective Regiment* or Battalions of the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Clothing, which Certificate shall specify the Number of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men for whom the same shall have been- of plied, and an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on account thereof, payable to the Person or Persons who furnishedhe said Clothing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person entitled to receive the same, Provided the said Clothing shall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore clirested; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for such Payment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Hire or Cost of any House or Place in which the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores belonging to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia in Ireland shall be kept when not embodied, shall be defrayed by the County, and the necessary Sum for that Purpose shall be raised by Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, and which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County is hereby authorized and required to pass, on a Certificate signed by the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and specifying the Cost incurred or to be incurred in building such House ot Place, or the Rent agreed to be paid for the same; which Certificate shall be transmitted by such Chief Secretary to the Clerk of the Crown for such County, at any time prior to the First Day of the Affixes for such County, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, then prior to the First Day of the presenting Term: Provided, that in no Case any greater Rent than Forty Pounds Irish Currency shall be presented by such Grand Jury for the annual Rent of such Place, nor a greater Sum than Two hundred Pounds Irish Currency shall be required for building such House: Provided also, that the Grand Juries of such Counties shall be entitled to purchase Ground for building and erecting such House, in the same manner as they are now by Law entitled to purchase Grounds for building County Gaols.

X. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants and Surgeons in the Militia may by Age or Infirmity, be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provinon should be made for them in consideration of their former Services; Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant or Surgeon of the said Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term of Tweiry Years in the Whole, Ten of which he shall have served as an Adjutant or Surgeon of Militia, shall have been by Age or Infirmity, rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which he belongs, be entitled to receive, and the fr.id Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings p: r Diem; Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall have served for a less Term than Ten Year* in the Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty.

XI. And whereas it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers, and to Quarter Masters and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to such Subaltern Officers, Quarter Mailers and Assistant Surgeons to the Amount, tinder the Rc drift ions, and in the manner herein after expressed; (that is to say) to every Subaltern of the said Militia, who shall have at any time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousard eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the' Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Marital on Serjeant Majors> Serjeants} Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the lime such Militia shall not.

Persons on HaW Paj, &r. serving in Militia, to take Oaih.

Oath.

Treasury to issue Money for Cloth* ing, &c.

How Expence of Place for de-pofiting Arm* and Stores defrayed.

Proviso

[Proviso.]

In what cife Adjutants and Surgeon* entitle!-to Allowance.

Annual Allowance to Subaltern Officers alter disembofy-ing Militia.

49 G. 9. «.5*

I 20

C. 89.

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 188 10.

Exceptions.

Subalterns claiming Allowances to uke

Oath.

Oatk.

not be embodied; and for mtiling Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers nf the said Militia during Peatt§ been appointed to a Commission in the said Militia, or who previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of this Act, shall he appointed to a Commission, and who shall have continued faithfiuiy to serve in the fame Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum shall be allowed and paid over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, and over and above any Deduction of any Kind* or for any Purpose whatsoever; and to every Quarter Mailer and Assistant Surgeon respectively, a like Allowance of Twenty five Pounds per Annum, in the manner herein after mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or fhaL at any time hereafter become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Chain's Commission in the hfilitia of a County at large in Ireland, or who is or shall be at any time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Paynffiler in any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor any Person deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern, Quarter Mailer or AfMant Surgeon of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatsoever from the Publick, nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay 01 the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's Commission in the said Militia, shall have or be in any wile entitled to the said annual Allowance or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any such Annual Allowance, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle himself thereto, annually take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ir land, to which the Regiment or Battalion in which he serves shall belong, in the Words or tQ the Effect following, (videlicet)

A.B. do swear, That 1 am serving as a Subaltern Officer, (Quarter Mailer, or Affitlant Surgeon, as the i Case may be) in the Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland; and that I am

not in my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, nor have been since disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements«or Hereditaments, of such an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain's Com-« million in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland; and that I am not, nor have been since the disembodying c of the said Regiment or Battalion, an Adjutant or Pay mailer in any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of

Ireland; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have held or enjoyed, nor does nor has any Person for me hold or c enjoy, or held or enjoyed since the disembodying the said Regiment or Battalion, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Publick; and that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or

Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion.*So help me GOD.

-Justices to tr&nf-tnit Oaths to Collectors of Excise.

Subalterns to Attend annual Exert ife.

[Penalty.]

Certifi utes of Attendducetranf-miuefl to ( ol-lector of Excise.

lleafons for Leave of Absence to be inserted in CertiB-£sue.

Subalterns en titled to Allowance though Militia uot called 4UU

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town shall be situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon shall be then serving shall belong* to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon of tit said Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and shall, during that time, punctually do andperfor.n his Duty as a Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment or Battalion, - on pa n of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Rell of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Collector of Excise of the Dillrift in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town is situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon is then serving shall belong, to be by the said Collector received previous to any such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon being entitled to demand or receive the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall be by hi* Commanding Officer permitted or fufFcred for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, (in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence; and for such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon, who maybe so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the annual Exercise) the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be by him transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Collector of Excise for the Dillrift in which such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, and to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor 4>r Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, after the disembodying thereof, at any time shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, and .coming within the Descriptions of this Act, who shall have taken the Oath hereinbefore

mentioned.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 89, 90. 121

mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, at 4f such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Mailer or Assistant Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the Whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, had been transmitted to the Collector of Excise for the Di(lri6t in which such County,

County of a City, or County of a Town to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, according to the Directions of this Act; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificate as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Allowing paid

Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battalion shall not have been called out to their Deduc-

annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being product to or t, u"s received by the respective Collectors, it shall and may be lawful for such Collegers, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers, Quarter Mailers and Assistant Surgeons, the annual Allowance above mentioned, in addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands; all which Monies so paid by such Collectors shall be allowed them in their Accounts; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Quarter Mailers and Assistant Surgeons Suba!icru % not of the said Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all times be liable

to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they beloug, whenever the same shall be embodied or called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Master or Assistant Surgeon shall a Second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer, Quarter Master or Assistant Surgeon shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said annual Allowance, and ever)' Part ^cnaIty* thereof, in all time to come, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Commission and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons AHo^anrepaiA respectively entitled thereto, by the Collectors, upon the Produdionof the before mentioned several Certificates C'otle&or*; as soon after the times of the annual Exercise and Training as may be convenient or pradicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this Act, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such annual Exercise as before mentioned, over and above the said annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing but not while in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said Militia emlv* annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the time the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall died, be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided also, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances Number of therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Quarter Master and Assistant Surgeon of Allowance# each and every Regiment or Battalion respectively, and also to the respective Numbers of Subaltern Officers fanned, in each and every Regiment and Battalion herein after respectively specified and no more, that is to say, not exceeding Twenty Subaltern Officers in any Regiment consisting of Ten Companies; not exceeding Eighteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment consisting of only Nine Companies: not exceeding Sixteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment consisting of only Eight Companies 5 not exceeding Fourteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion consisting of only Seven Companies 5 and not exceeding Twelve Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion consisting of only Six Companies.

XIX> And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, at the time Senior Iieute-«f ^lifembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Subaltern Officers, coming within the Description of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Intent and Meaning r efence* of the foregoing Proviso, the Senior Officers of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the before mentioned Allowances, and that the Junior Officers shall succeed to such Allowances in rotation as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Officers from time to time.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money Penaltic#, Stc. to or for which any Person or Persons is or are or may be made answerable or liable, under or by virtue of this how recovered. Ad, shall be paid in Irish Currency, and shall be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin* by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, Privilege or Protection, nor mere than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts Altered, &c. to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of Conti»ua»ce. March One thousand eighrtiundred and eleven, and no longer.

CAP. XC.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine: Be it therefore enacted by the Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

50 Geo. III. R ants

C. 90.

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Secretary at War

to issue the Sum necessanr for the Pay of the Regular and Local Militia, according to the Rates herein mentioned.

Rates of Pay to

Serjeants, ( orpu-rals and Drum-

1 Fur-

lough.

Allowance to Surgeons.

Quarter M after

or Battalion Clerk to have the Charge of Arms, &c. to Account.

Balance to form a Stock Pnrfe for the life of he Regiment, &c.

Par to Militia (when not embodied) regelated.

Money for Pay and Clothing ho* issued.

49 G. 3. c. 07. 40 G. 3. c. 7.

and Commons, in this pfefent Parliament aflenhbled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered, and required to cause to be ifTned and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to say) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Master, where a Quarter Master Is appointed 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillinga^nd Six pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed, and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Four pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant Major, Two Pounds for each Corporal, Four Pounds One Shilling and Nine penae for each Drum Major, Three Pounds One-Shilling and Nine Pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Nineteen Shillings and Six pence for each Private Man; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Corporals and Drummers who may be retained on conllant Pay and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed once in Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following Rates instead of those above mentioned; (that is to say) every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia when disembodied, and Local Militia, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One Hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the Sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and Six pence per Month for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps on conllant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers on conllant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Master or Battalion Clerk to each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or Local Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Cloth* ing, Necessaries, and other Stores under the Superintendance of the Colonel or Commandant; and shall, out of the Money hereby directed to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time, issue out and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as shall be drawn upon him by the Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, he shall Three time3 in the "Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and the Expenditure thereof, and the Balance remaining in his Hands; which said Balance shall form a Stock Purfc for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Quarter Master or Battalion Clerk, for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia and Local Militia, when not drawn out and embodied, shall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowance as the Regular Militia when drawn out and embodied: Provided always, that the said Pay and Allowances shall only extend to such Period or Periods for which the said Regular Militia or Local Militia shall be called out for the Purpose of annual Exercise or Training, or when called out for suppressing Riots or Tumults, exclusive of the Days of arriving at and Departure from, and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exercise; any thing in any A cl or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with (landing.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he may deem it expedient to adopt, from time to time, in that Behalf.

VI. And whereas in purfance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intitled, An A<f? for increasxng the Rates of Suhfjlence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, certain increased

Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private

Soldiers may, by virtue of an Act passed also in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be quartered in that Part of the '..United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His pre-

3 4 lent

A.D. 1810. 50 GEORGII III. C. 90.

sent Mfcj^fty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England; and for augmenting the Militia; the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the said Militia, when f 'bYcix out to annual Exercise, are required to be quartered and billeted in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses,

Victualling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin by Retail 19 Be it enacted, That the Innholders and others on whom the said Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia shall be so quartered and billeted, shall be entitled to and receive the same Rates of Allowauce for each Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeftnt, Corporal, Drummer and Private Man so quartered and billeted upon them, during the Time of their remaining assembled for Exercise as aforesaid, and under the same Rules and Regulations as such Innholders or others may now, by the above mentioned Act for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Soldiers of the Regular Infantry, in the respective Caflfc of their forniffiing them with Diet and Small Beer, or supplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles specified in the said Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to supply the necessary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances so to be made to the said Innholders and otners: Provided always, that each of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Bser as aforesaid, shall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of hia Pay and Beer Money, as is or shall be contributed in the like Case by the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry*

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Local Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered, to receive and take the Subsistence Money by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quarter Ma&ers, Surgeons; and the receiving and taking any such Subsistence Money by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Quarter Matter, Surgeon, shall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay (b as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Payor such Allowance; and such Person Hull take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

I A.B. dofwear. That I had not between the and the

*any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of

Half Pay as a Reduced in His Majesty's Navy, [or in the Marines], [or, in

late Regiment of ]* [or Allowance as in

late Troop of Horse Guards], [or, Regiment of Horse reduced], faye and except my Sub-

fistence [as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, or Quarter Matter, Surgeon, as the Case may he']* for serving in the Local Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea Pensions or Allowance, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia or Local Militia.

IX. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in the Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof; and it \° expedient that some Provision should be made for them in consideration of their former Services; Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Aojutant of Regular Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive, and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a left Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of aay Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia: Provided also that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company shall have already ceased and determined, or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has a&uafiy served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, or from the time such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the Case may be, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: Provided always that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XL. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Surgeons in the Regular Militia may by Age or Infirmity

R a be

a 3

42 G. 3. C. 90.

Allowance <0 Innkcej»m.

Person? on Half Pay serving in Local Militia may receive Pay.

Oath.

Receiving Che!- sea Penfiotia not to aiTc£l Pay.

Allowance to Adjutant* unfit to terve.

Allowance not tf affedi Half Pajw.

Allow anecto Perform serving a* Adjutants in re-duccdKegimeutt, &c.

A llowance to Surgeon* after SO VeaiaSeoficr.

A.D. 1810.

Receivers General of Land I ax to j ay Mi n-'y required for Al!ow-: C<*S loClniki of General an<iSub-do ifion Meltings;

wkn shall produce the Order for receiving Payment.

43 0. 9.r. 91.

Stamp Duty on Commission. in Local Militia repaid.

BiHs, &c. drawn for Fay noi on ltunped Paper.

Fees.

How Penalties filed.

C. 90. 50° GEORGII III.

be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof, and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in consideration of their former Services; Be it enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served in the Militia for the full Term of Thirty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Regular Militia shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive* and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Advauce at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil er Military under His Majesty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land T; ix for such County, Riding or Place respectively, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General for Scotland shall issue and pay* the whole Sums required for the respective Allowances to the Clerks of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in England, at the Rates following; that is to say, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and such further Allowance shall be made to such respective General and Subdivision Clerks, for their Expences and Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons returned liable to serve in the Regular Militia or Local Militia, by taking out the Names of ail Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and in numbering the Returns and making out the Tickets for the Ballot after the Rate of One Pound Fiftceu Shillings for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve 5 and also for the actual Expences incurred by such respective Clerks, and for Printing and Stationary used for the Purpose of this Act, as to the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities or Places, shall appear reasonable and proper; and in case the Orders made by the Lord Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants for the Payment of such further Allowances as aforesaid, shall be confirmed at a General Meeting confiding of not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants, but not otherwise.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Receivers General in England shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of Five Pounds and Five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also p3y to each and every of the Clerka of the Subdivision Meetings, their several Allowances at the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as hereinbefore directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, adembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders, specifying the Day or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places and for what Purpose or Purposes the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings have been afLmbled and held, together with, the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the Receivers General in England respectively a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances and be allowed in their Accounts; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, for their Trouble and Expencea in the Execution of this Act in Scotland, shall be paid and defrayed in the same Manner in which School-masters, Constables, and other Persons employed in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland, arc directed to be paid for their Trouble and Expences.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General of Volunteers and Local Militia, and he is hereby required, to repay any Sum of Money which may have been paid for the Stamp Duty, on any Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as the Secretary at War shall appoint.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia under this Act, mayor shall be drawn upon undamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void, by reason of being so drawn or written on undamped Paper.

XVI. Provived always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pur-fance of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties and Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according as the Case may require, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plant or Information, wherein no Essoign* JJVager of Law* or Protection, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 91, 92

125

Cap. xcr.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and amend so much of an AG, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an AG of the same Session of Parliament.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an AG passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign 39 & 4oG.3» of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One c. 44.

thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia,

disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the

0 Services of an additional Number of Voluniters from the Militia under certain ReflriBions, which has been

revived and continued by several subsequent AGs until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, should be again revived and further continued, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and

Serjeant Majors* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, -in this present Parliament assembled, and

brthe Authority of the same, That the said recited AG and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned to revived and eon*

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty tinued till Match

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day 23» l8n»

of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; A

and that all such and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant J 3 '

Majors, if the said AG and Allowances had been continued by any Act of Parliament before the said Twenty

fifth Day of March Oae thousand eight hundred and ten, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof

fully satisfied, in like manner in every RespeG. as if this AG had passed before the said Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under this AG may Retiumi a.IJu-receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such Commission, or Half Pay, or any such tarns cntiilrd to other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Pay and Alow-Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such 4, 106 Ulkie/ Adjutant: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this AG during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid*

CAP. XCII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain,

while disembodied.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is, expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers of the

0 Militia Forces in Great Britain, while disembodied, under certain Regulations May it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this AG the following annual Annual /dloir-

Allowances, over and above the Pay to which they are now by Law entitled, during the time 01 annual anees bdidr* P-7

Exercise, shall be made and paid to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein after to Lirurcnanta,

expressed, to every Subaltern Officer now bearing a Commission and serving in^he Militia of Great Britain, who aiwA

shall continue faithfully to serve in the fame Corps, or who previously to the Expiration of Three Months from A

the passing of this Act shall be duly appointed to a Commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the

embodied Militia, and in the fame Corps until the disembodying thereof; (that is to say) to a Lieutenant or a

Surgeon Twenty five Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six pence, being at the Rate of One Shilling and Five

pence per Diem for Three hundred and sixty six Days; and to an Ensign Twenty one Pounds Seven Shillings,

being at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem for Three hundred and sixty six Days: Provided always, that all such Officers of the Militia as are now serving with the Rank of Captain Lieutenant shall be

deemed to be Lieutenants for the Purposes of this AG.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall during the Continuance of this Exceptions.

AG become possessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law aualify him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, nor any Person deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of the Militia any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatever from the Publick,

nor any Officer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's or Surgeon's Commission, and have served as aforesaid in the Militia, shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said annual Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not withft ending.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons of the Militia, who shall claim Subalterns and under the Authority of this AG to receive any Part of the said annual Allowances, shall, previous to receiving Surgeon* to taie the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His the following Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment,

a Battalion,

i?6

Oitk.

Justices to trans-0 in it Oat h to Receiver General.

Subalterns and Surgeons to attend annual Exercise.

[Penalty.]

Certificates of

Attendance transmitted to Lieutenant and Receiver General of County. Reefons for Leave of A bfence to be inserted in Certificate.

Subalterns and Surgeons entitled to Allowance, though Militia not called out.

Allowance* paid without Deductions,

C. 92.)|o* GEORGII III. A.D. r6rp.

Battalion, Corps or Independent Company in which they serve shall belong, in the Words or to the EfFeft following; (videlicet)

I A.B. do swear. That I belonged to the of Militia when the fame was

disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that Time until the Day of

inclusive, as a [Captain Lieutenant, Lieutenant, Enlign or Surgeon, as the Case may be-\

and that I was not, in my own Right or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in the actual Possesskm and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual

Value above Reprises, as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; f that I have not, during the above Period, held the Appointment of Adjutant or Battalion Clerk in any

Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did or has any Person for me

1 hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, during the said Period, any Office or Income, whatsoever from the Publick, ' except my Pay as for the Period of the Corps having assembled to

be trained and exercised; and that I was not entitled during the said Period either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding or Place to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia in which such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon shall be then serving shall belong, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon of the Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company to which he belongs, during the Whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and shall, during the said Time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, on pain of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the rest of his Pay, and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year, in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend 5 and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place; to which the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of such County, Riding or Place# if in England\ or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon claiming to be entitled to such annual Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the Whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, (in which Case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, and for such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual Exercise) the Reasons for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned), to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, wherein such Subaltern or Surgeon shall he serving, shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of the same County, Riding or Place, if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotlandif in Scotland

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the respective Days herein after fixed for the Half-yearly Payment of the said annual Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, and coming within the Descriptions'of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said annual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company, had been transmitted to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, or Independent Company shall belong, and also to the Receiver General of the same County, Riding or Place, if in England % or to the Receiver General for Scotland, if in Scotland, according to the Directions of this Act; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificates as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or (where any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid) upon a Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Receivers General, it shall and may be lawful for such Receivers General, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons, according to the respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon, in addition to their Pay, for the Time of training and Exercise, One Moiety of the annual Allowance above mentioned on the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the other Moiety of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any publick Monies

in

127

50° GEORGII III. C. 92, 93.

in their Hands, and to charge the fame in their respective annual Accounts of Money disbursed for the Use of the Publick; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferred and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them, in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enadetf, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons of the Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, Corps or Independent Companies to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied, and called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon shall at any time wilfully neglect or refuse to attend, and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, and at such other Times, or for such other Occasions, as may be required of him in pursuance of the Laws noto in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Surgeon shall, upon such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Independent Company to which such Subaltern or Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claim to the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, by the Receivers General of the Land Tax in England', and the Receiver General for Scotland respectively, upon the Production of the before mentioned several Certificates, on or as soon after the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven respectively, as may be convenient and pradicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer or Surgeon as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or ordered out ou actual Service: Provided also, that this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to more than Ten Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Ten Companies; to more than Nine Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Eight and left than Eleven Companies; to more than Eight Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Six and left than Nine Companies; or te more than Five Lieutenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Six or of a less Number of Companies, except where the Companies confid of Ninety Private Men eacn or upwards, in which Case this Act, and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, may be extended to Eighteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Ten Companies; to Sixteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Eight and less than Eleven Companies; to Fourteen Lieutenants in any Regiment confiding of more than Six and less than Nine Companies; and to Nine L*11-tenants in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Six or of a less Number of Companies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of th^ Militia, at the Time of disembodying thereof, there shall happen to be a greater Number of Lieutenants coming within the Descriptions of this Act, than can be entitled to claim the Benefits thereof, within the true Inttnt and Meaning of the foregoing proviso, the Senior Lieutenants of such Number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above mentioned Allowances; and that the junior Lieutenants shall fuccccd to such Allowances in Rotation, as Vacancies may happen among the said Senior Lieutenants from time to time.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for the improving and completing the Harbour of Holyhead in the Ifie of Anglesea.

[15 th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Port and Harbour of Holyhead\ in the Island of Anglesea, is a Station for His Majesty's W Packets to and from Ireland, from and to Great Britain; and the improving and completing the said*Port and Harbour will be highly beneficial in promoting the Intercourse between His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas it is expedient, that Commissioners should be appointed to carry into Effect all such Plans as may be found necessary for the completing and improving the said HarbourBe It therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Members for the County of Anglefeay and Town of Beaumaris and the resident Minister of the Parish of Holybeady all for the time being; and also the Right Honourable Henry William Paget commonly called Lord Paget, Sir John Thomas Stanley Baronet, Sir Robert Williams Baronet, Sir John Bulkeley Knight, Owen Williams of Llanedeny Owen Putland Meyrick of Bodorgan, Paul Panton of Pldfgwyn, Sir William Hughes of Pldfcoehy Jones of Llynony Holland Griffith of Carrcglwydy Griffith, Edward Stanley of

Penrhoiy John Jones of Penrhosy William Peacock Esquires, and Hugh Wynne Jones of Trejorworth Clerk, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, and the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to carry into Execution this Act, and to do all such Matters and Things under the Regulations of this Act for the completing and improving of the said Harbour, as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall think requisite and nec«*flary, and the said Commissioners shall from time to time meet in the Parish of Holyhead for the Purposes of this Act, and at all such Meetings, in case of ao Equality of Voices, the Chairman shall have a calling Vote.

Subalterns and Surgeons not attending.

[Penalty.]

Allowances paid'

l-v R*ve vl-t General on Production of Certificates; bu. not whilt. Militia embodied.

Number ef Allowances limited.

Senior Lien* tenants to haver the Preference*

[Continuance of Act.]

Commissione#

appointed.

C. 93.

GEORGII in.

A.D. 181xo«

Vactnde* to b« filled up.

Plank formtVtng Roads, and for completing Har-Jmr.

To be submitted (CD the Treasury.

Harbour to be deepened. Piers, Quays, &c. ^redled.

Materials may be taken, making Satisla&iow for Damages.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation, of any One or more of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Person Jo nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be invetUd with all such Powers as are by this Act given to any Commissioner appointed by this Act in whose Room such Person or Persons shall be nominated and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for carrying into Execution this Act or any Three* of them shall, from time to time, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to propefe, affigtt and lay out Plans For the making, repairing, altering, clearing away, pulling^down or rebuilding any Roads, Houses, Offices or Places, Banks, Holes or Shallows, which such Commissioners shall think proper and necessary to be made, repaired, altered, pulled down or rebuilt for the Purposes of this Act, and also Plans for the completing ^nd improving of the said Harbour ond Port, and for the making and keeping in Repair of such Roads, Ways, Piers, Jetties, Works and other Erections and Buildings, as they shall think proper and necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall also propose, assign and lay out Plans of the manner in which Houses and Buildings shall be erected and built on any Ground, which is, or shall, or may become vested in His Majesty, his Heir3 or Successors for the Purposes of this Act, and also in what manner any vacant Ground, on which the said Commissioners shall not think proper that any Houses or Buildings should be erected or built, shall be employed and laid out.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Plans to be from time to time proposed by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall by the said Commissioners be laid before and submitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the time being; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, to examine and consider of such Plans, and to determine upon and improve the fame, or to make any Alterations therein respectively, and to direct either that such Plans and Regulations respectively shall be carried into Execution, or shall be suspended or laid aside, or shall be varied or altered in Part, or in the Whole, as such Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, - shall think fitting and expedient; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer shall give Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of such their Approbation or other Determination respectively, to the Commissioners for executing this Act, and the said Commissioners for executing

Ad shall proceed to carry into Effect all such Plans as shall be approved of or directed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, and such Plans (h«?U he carried into Effect, and such Roads, Ways, Piers, Jetties, Works, and other Erections and Buildings, shall proceeded upon by the said Commissioners for executing this Act or any Three of them accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That after such Plans shall have been proposed and approved as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or such Person or Persons as they shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals nominate and appoint, and their Agents, Officers, Workmen and Servants 5 and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to deepen, cleanse and scour the said Port and Harbour of Holyhead, and to contract and lessen the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and to build such Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, and to make and effect such other Works as shall be necessary for improving, completing and preserving the said Port and Harbour, and for that Purpose to dig, take up, remove and carry away any Rocks, Stones, Soil, Sand, Gravel, Rubbish or other grofa Matter, which shall obstruct, prejudice or hinder the Navigation of the said Port and Harbour, or the Improvement thereof, and to cast, lay and lodge the fame behind such Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jetty or Jetties, as shall be requisite for effecting the Purposes of this Act, be it the Ground or Soil of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate whomsoever, and also to dig, cut, remove and take away all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Stones, or any other Obstructions or Impediments whatsoever, which may any way obstruct the said Port and Harbour, or the Improvement or Use thereof; and also to build, ered, set up and make in the said Port and Harbour, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the fame, such Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Works, Erediona and Buildings, as and where the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, for the carryingon, completing, improving, maintaining and preserving the said Port and Harbour, and rendering the fame safe and commodious fer His Majesty's Packets, and all other Ships and Vessels repairing thither; and also to make, amend, widen, turn, alter or enlarge any Roads, Ways, Passages, or other Conveniences, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, for the carrying and conveying of all Sorts of Materials to and from the said Port and Harbour, and also to carry and convey the fame in, over, and upon any Lands or Grounds in order to the making, carrying on, perfecting and improving and iiniftting of the said Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Jetties, Works, Erections and Buildings, and for altering, repairing and maintaining the fame; and also to lay, work and manufacture the said Materials upon the Ground, near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be, or are intended to be made, erected or done; and also to get, dig, take and carry away Soil, Sand, Rock, Clays, Gravel and other Materials proper, requisite and convenient for making, carryingon, altering and continuing the said Works and Undertakings in or from any Ground of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying contiguous to the said Port or Harbour (not then being Ground whereon any House (lands, nor having been for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then next immediately preceding an Orchard, Pleasure Ground or planted .Walk or Avenue to a House); and also tq make, complete andmain-

o tain

A.D. 1810.

5b0 GEORGII III. C. 93. 129

tain all and every or any such Way* and Roads whatever, as and where the said Commissioners shall think requisite and convenient for the Purposes of this Act; and also to do and perform all other Works, Matters and Things, which shall be necessary or proper for the improving and completing of the said Port and Harbour, and rendering the fame safe and commodious; and for executing the Purposeiof this Act, they the said Commissioners, and the other Persons hereby empowered to perform the said Works and Things, doing as little Damage as may be to and upon the Premises, and givingor tendering such Satisfaction. to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, for any Damage that may happen or be occasioned to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose order, adjudge, direct or appoint, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and in case of any Difference or JDispute concerning such Damages, or the Quantum thereof, the same shall be settled and determined in the manner by this Act provided with respect to the Value of Land or Premises taken or used for the Purpose of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of Commissionew this Act, or any Three of them as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by and with the yth Confem of Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, to purchase all such Land, Ground, rurc*Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises whatever as the said Commissioners for executing of this Act may, by and with the Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, think necessary to be piirchafed and employed for the Purpose of this Act; and all such Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever which shall be purchased under or by virtue of this Act, shall, when so purchased, be vetted in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be taken possession of, and shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, according to the Directions of the Commissioners for executing this Act, under the Regulations in this Act mentioned and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Contrails for uk-Act, or any Three of them from time to time to direct or contract for the taking down any House3 or Building down Houses mgs which shall be purchased under this Act, and for the felling and dispoiing of the Materials of all such disposing of Houses and Buildings 5 and also to contract for the granting, leafing, felling or dispoiing of, and to grant,

lease, sell and dispose of any Part of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which mall be purchased under this Act, and which shall not be neeefiary for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Materials, and all -

Money arising from the Sale thereof, and all Money arising from the Produce of the Rent, or from the Sale of fold or

any such Lands, Tenements and Heteditaments, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and all such Money (after paying and deducting the necessary Expences of pulling down such Houses and Buildings, and of the Sale of the Materials thereof, or of the Sale of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments) shall and may be disposed of and applied under the Direction of the said Commissioners in and towards the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners (or any Three of them as aforesaid)

shall think fitting and expedient; and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall, from time to Commissionm t# time, render and give an Account to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or to the Commissioners for arooant to Tra-executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer of the Amount of all Money received by the said Commis- fwy« sioners for executing this Act, and of the Application thereof for the Purposes of this Act, in manner aforesaid; and the said Lord Hi^h Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine every such Account; and in case they shall approve thereof, to signify such their Approbation in Writing at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or by the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and to transmit and return the fame so approved to the said Commissioners for executing this Act; and every Account fb approved and signed as aforesaid shall be a full and fuffident Discharge of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, from, or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in any such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not be compelled or compellable to give or render -any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VITL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons seised or possessed of or interested in any Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, which shall be deemed necessary to be purchased by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or shall not agree in the Sum of Money offered to be given for the fame, or shall not or cannot produce a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or the Interest they claim therein, that then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, by Writing under their Hands, to require the Sheriff of the County of Anglefeay who shall thereupon and is hereby authorized and required to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve as Juries f, not less than Twenty four, nor more than Forty eight, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be By the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, appointed in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directea to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, at any such Time and Place as in such Summons lha 11 be appointed, and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges, against any of the Aid Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array 5 and the said Commissioners, or any Three

50 Geo. III. S of

In what case Purchasr Money settled l>y Jury.

Number. f Sic.

3 G. a. c. 23.

130

Proceeding* of Commissioners and Jury in af* ceriaining the Value of Pre-suica.

c. 93.

SC" GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Vetdi&s binding.

On Payment of Purchase Money, ConveyancencadV.

in what case Money paid into the Hank, subject to Order of Court.

PremiOw vs&i*

How Purebafe ffloftcy belonging to Corporations, &c. to be applied, if amounting to

£09l.

of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whorosoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined ay a Witness or Witnessea on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premisea, and the said Commissioners, or any such Three of them, if they think lit, shall and may likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Premisea in Question, in such manner as they shall dire6k, and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of the Value of such Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the nespective E dates and Interests of all and every Persons and Person seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall aflefa and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Partiea respectively, for the Purchase of such Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such respective E dates and Interests therein; and also for Good-will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at Will; and the said Commissionera, or any Three of them, shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed, which Verdidk or Verdicts and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon* shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all and every Persons and Person claiming any Estate, Right; Title, Trust, Use or Interest, in, to or out of such Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premises in Possession, Reverfiou, Remaiuderor Expectancy, as wdl Infants and Iffuc unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Ctjluiqusc Trusts* their, his and her Heirs, Successors, Executore and AdministnH tors, and agaiud all other persons whomsoever; and the said V »rdi6ks, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the County of Anglrfea.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, upon Payment of any Sum or Suras so assessed to the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so awarded, or on Tender thereof made at hi«, her or their Dwelling House, or if he, she or they shall have no Dwelling House, then at the House of some Tenant or Occupier of fame Lands qr Tenements of such Party of Parties near the said intended Works, he, she or they shall execute a Conveyance of the Premises which shall be so purchased to the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, soir the Purposes of this Act; and in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall he so awarded-as aforesaid shall not he able to make a good Tithe to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found* or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovened* then and in every such Case as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to order the said Sum and Sums assessed and awarded for any Purchase Money, or in Recommence fox any Damage as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account ant General of the Court of Qhancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties inter-, fled in the said Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, {defer'thing fub*

je6Vto the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on ^fce Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or apy Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shalljfoem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inve^.ed in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estatea* Title or Intered of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall fee m just and reasonable; and the Cafttier or Cashiers of the B, ank of England^ ifho 'shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts fov fqch Sum or Sums, mentioning an4 specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bankas aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That immediately after paying such Purchase Money as aforesaid into the Bank, the said Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall have been so paid, shall veil in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, who shall be deemed iu Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to.all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demauds whatsoever*

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for auy Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, purchased by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with a)l convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this A 6k, to the Intent that such- Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be figftified by an Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary, way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premise6, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affa6king the fame Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premisea or affe&ipg other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises,

6 Handing

50" GEORGII III.

C. 93.

131

Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like I/fes, Intent* or Porpdfcs j of where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fatfie shall be said dot and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents aRd Purposes, and in the same manner as the Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid,

Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the* Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Batik Annuities and in the mean time and until the said Bink Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from time to time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground,

Buildings, Houses or Premises, so hereby dif*e6ted to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII'. Provided always, and be it further etfa&ed, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to he paid for ^ow tpj, rlcH jp any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, purchased tot the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Cor- ]eistUn aool. poration, of to any Person or Persons under Duability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum oT wl exceeding Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Suin'of Tw enty Pounds, then, and m all such Cases, the fame shall, Qo1-at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rente and Profits of the Ground,

Buildings, Houses or Premises, so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their fespective rfands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Coure of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied id manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Tw'o Tmftees to be nominated by the Person or Persons TWlce*. making such Option, and approved of by Three or mote of the said Commissioners for executing this Act,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signitted in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, ma^ kq applied in afny manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dir»6tion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further etia&ed, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as Howapphcdif

next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pound*, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied 20l.

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Renta and Profit*

of the Ground) Buildings, Houses or Prefoifes, so purchased, for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy Or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardiah or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise torching the Title of any Perfoti to IrfwhstcafclVv-any Money to be paid into the Bank of England\ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Ge- fons m

neral of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Ground, Building*,

Houses or Premises, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any .Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased With any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank' Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividend* of Interift of thfe said Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Batik Annuities, shall 1ie paid r applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possessibh was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Grdund,

Buildings, Houses or Premises, or to some Pilate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Difabllity or Incapacity of i'mrt of cii«n-thef Person or Person8, or Corporation entitled to any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, to be pur- iwy to order chafed under the Authority of this Act, the' Purchase Money, for the lame shall be required to be p&id into ExpencestePu#-the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, to be

settled to the like Uses in pursuance of thi*'Act, it shall be lawful for the said Coiirl td ofdeY the Expends of all Purchase* from time to time tjo be made in pnrfuarice of this Act, or so much of such Expences a9 the Court shall deem reafo'nable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of3 obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners for executing the PurposeSof this AdVout of fifth Purchase Money, affd such Commissioners shall from time to time pay such Slims of Money thereout for such Purposes as the said Court JtiaU direct# 1

XVI. And be it further anadted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall, dn or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year (or oftener if it shall seem fitting and expedient , td, the said CooimifiiooerS, or to the said Lord High Treasurer. or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lordr^J

High Treasurer) make a Report in Writing to the said Lord High Treasurer of the Prbgress* madi in.repair- , ^ing, altering, pulling down and rebuilding df any Houses, Offices or Places, or in the laying out df any vucaat Ground, or in the framing and executing of any Rules'or Regulations under or by virtue of -this Act,

S z together-

der their Ditec* tion to "be paid by Commit fioncraw

Comroiffionert toir.tke Annual Report toTrea-

132

4 G. 1.(1.) C. 7

7 G.3. (f.)c. 0.

36 G.3. (I.) c. 18.

4Q G. 3. c. 106.

Powers of recited Acts and of all Acts relating to Xiglit House Daties refled in Corporation for improving Port of Dublin.

Corporation empowered to repair Light House*; ^nd with Consent of LordXieuteiunt nd Irish Treasury, to erect new Light House*.

Pitvioua to

creating new

light Houses or

C. 93, 94, 95. 506 GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

together with such Observations and Surgeftions for the better effecting the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall from time to time think, requisiteand necessary.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

£15th June 1810.]

CAP. XCV.

An Act to enable the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to erc£l, repair and maintain Light Houses round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

[15th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, for the Purpose, among other Things, of vesting in His Majesty, the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, wherever Light Houses were or shoula be built, Powers were given to certain Commissioners to be appointed under the said Act with rcrpedl to the building or repairing of Light Houses in Ireland: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue, amend and make more effectual the said recited 4 Ad, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, the Commissionerg for Barracks in Ireland were empowered to carry into Execution the Powers of the said first recited A<£1, with respect to Light Houses: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Alajrjly's 4 Revenue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, to ere ft Light Houses around the Coasts of this Kingdom;

and to levy a Tonnage Duty on all Shippings certain Provisions were made for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4. An Act to providefor the letter Execution of the several Aftsf Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Exctfe and Taxes in Ireland>

certain Powers were vested in the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to enable them to purchase Lands and Tenements for building Light Houses: And whereas certain Funds have been established in Ireland, towards the erecting, repairing and maintaining of the Light Houses round the Coasts thereof;

and it is expedient, that the Management of the said Funds, and all rowers and Authorities relating to such Light Houses, Should be vested in the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and that the Charge of erecting, repairing and maintaining such Light Houses, mould be further borne and defrayed by the Payment of a Duty on all Entries Inwards and Outwards, and Coastward in the several Ports of Ireland .' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by the said hereinbefore recited Acts, or any of them, or by any Act or Acts for amending or continuing the fame, or any of them, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland', veiled in or exercised by the said Commissioners of Barracks, or by the Commissioners of Revenue, or by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, with respect to the erecting, building, rebuilding, repairing or maintaining of any Light House or Light Houses on or round the Coast of Irelandt and the Receipt and Management of all Light Houses, Dues, and other Duties and Funds now payable or appropriated in Ireland, for or in respect of the Erection, Repair or Maintenance of Light Houses, shall be and the same are hereby veiled in and given to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and shall be had, used and exercised by the said Corporation, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all such Powers and Authorities were herein (jpecially repeated and re enacted, subject to the Provisions and Regulations in this Act contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, from time to time, to repair and maintain all and any Light Houses and Light House, and all and every of the Beacons, Marks and Signs for the Sea, (landing and being in any Place or Places on or round or near the Coast of Ireland; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, ' and by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland % or of the Commissionei* for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and the said Corporation are hereby empowered with such Consent and Approbation, from time to time to build, erect, repair, maintain or cause or procure to be built, erected, repaired and maintained, any new or other Light House or Light Houses, in any Place or Places on or round or near the Coasts of Ireland; and also to alter the Light or Lights in any existing Light House or Light Houses, and to make, ere£l and set up such and so many new or other Beacons, Marks and Signs for the Sea, in such Place or Places of the Sea Shores, and Uplands near the Sea Coasts of Ireland, or Forelands of the Sea, for Sea Marks, as to them shall seem moll meet, needful atad requisite, whereby the Dangers may be avoided and escaped, and Ships the better come into their Ports without Peril; and all such Light Houses, Beacons and Sea Marks, to build, erect, repair and maintain at such Places, and in such manner, and of such Constru&iens and Dimensions as shall appear to the said Corporation to be expedient: Provided always, that whenever the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, shall think it expedient to eredfc any new

Light

A.D. 181 o:

50° GEORGII III.

C. 95.

133

tion to communicate with' Trinity House In England.

Triuity Hottfe may within Six Months fuggcfl Improvements, &c»

Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, or to alter any existing Light House or Light Houses, or to erect or set eherW «iAit*g up mstead thereof, any new or other Light or Lights, Beacons or Sea Marks, on any of the said Coasts, the lights, Cocpora-latd Corporation shall make a Communication in Writing, of such their Intention, to the Matter, Wardens and Aflittar.ts of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the moll Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford StronJ, in the County of Kent) in that Part of the United Kingdom called England* commonly called, " The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand " and in such Communication, the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port ot Dublin shall itate, or cause to be dated, to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, the proposed Place, Situation and Scite of every such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, with the Reasons, Grounds and Motives for the Selection thereof, and the Nature and Kind of the Light or Lights proposed or intended to be used and exhibited therein, with the intended Conilruftion thereof, and also the Situation of any Beacon or other Sea Mark, which the said Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin shall deem requisite to be erected or set up, together with all such other Particulars, as shall or may be necessary to enable the said Corporation of Trinity House to judge and determine thereon; and shall also, upon the Requisition of the said Corporation of Trinity House, furnish and give to them all such further and other Information touching the fame, or in relation thereto, as well in Writing as otherwise, as the said Corporation of Trinity House shall or may require; and upon any such Communication, or in case the said Corporation of Trinity House shall at any other time, or on any Occasion, think it requisite and proper so to do, as herein after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful fortlie said Corporation of Trinity House, within Six Calendar Months after the Receipt of such Communication, or at such other times as they shall think fit, to fugged to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, any Alterations, Improvements or Amendments, either in relation to the Scite and Situation of any such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, or of the Plan or Construction thereof, or the Light or Lights set up and used, or to be set up, used and exhibited therein, for the Purpose of rendering and making the same of the fullest and utmost practicable Use and Benefit to Navigation; and in order that the fame may thereby be and become perfectly and completely dittinguittiable from any of the Light Houses on any Part of the Coatts of England, Wales or Scotland; and moreover to mjke and give all or any stich other Suggestions respecting any such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, as to the said Corporation of Trinity House shall seem fitting and necessary, and the fame, if approved by the said Commissioners for improving the Port of Dublin, (subject nevertheless to the Powers herein given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, and to the Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland in that behalf, ) be binding and conclusive, and shall in all Respects, subject as aforesaid, be conformed to and carried into Execution: Provided always, that if the said Corporation of Trinity House shall not, within such Six Calendar Months after any such Communication, to be made to them as aforesaid, make or propose any such Suggestions as aforesaid, to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, then, and in such Case, the same shall be considered and taken to be approved of or acquiesced in by the said Corporation of Trinity House; and thereupon it shall and may he lawful for the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to proceed in the creeling and building of any such new Light House or Light Houses, Beacons or Sea Marks, proceeded on, -or in the altering any existing Light, as the Case may be, according to such Plan and Communication as shall have been made to the said Corporation of Trinity House as aforesaid: Provided also, that from time to time, r<- , C ° and at all Times and on all Occasions, whenever the said Corporation of Trinity House shall deem or think it requisite to make and communicate any Suggestion or Representation whatever to the said Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin, on the Subject of or in relation to any new Light House or Light Houses,

Beacons or Sea Marks, or on the Subject of or in relation to any of the existing Light Houses, Beacons or Marks for the Sea on or near the Coatts of Ireland, or towards the Improvement thereof, or for rendering the same more effectual for the Safety of His Majesty's Ships, or of those engaged in Commerce, or in His Majesty's Service, or shall transmit any Complaint which shall or may at any time be made to the said Corporation of Trinity House, in relation to the Insufficiency or Defectiveness of any of the said Lights, Beacons or Marks for the Sea, then the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall, without Delay, transmit a Copy of every such Suggestion, Communication, Representation or Complaint to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and also to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and also to and for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, to make and give such Orders and Directions to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, with respect to any such Suggestions, Communications and Representation9 or Complaints, and in relation to the Matters and Things therein contained or referred to, as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners aforesaid, or any Three of them, shall seem fitting and expedient; and the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dubl.n shall in all Things conform to and obey all such Orders and Directions as la ft mentioned, and shall proceed and aft therein accordingly;

III. And, in order to defray the Expence of making the necessary Purchases, and of building, erecting, repairing, fitting up, completing and keeping in Repair the several Light Houses, Beacons and Sea Marks to be eiected, built or repaired under or by virtue of this Act, and of the Lights therein, Be it further enacted,

That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be payable and paid to the Use of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin for the Purposts of this Act, from the Owners or Matters of all Vjtflcls entering, coming into, or going out of, or entering into or using any Port or Ports in Inland, all

3 and-

IfTmiity House

make no Sug-geftious wiihia Six Months, die Plan communicated to them may be

and Treasury.

iucgeiUoni of Trinity House to be referred t<v !/>rd Lieutenaac, &c.

Former Light ifoufe Duties I uitT to Cor-: ratio*)*

J3+ c. 95> 96-

50' GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

And addiuowd Duller

Dutie* collected by Officers of Customs.

Proviso for Ship* of War and Flshing Vessels.

Powers of Ad 26 G. 3. {1.) c. 19. applied to this Act.

a..ct

Infield of the Allowance of Is. 4d. under re* cited Ad, 8d. per Diem shall be paid u> Innkeepers fqr-providing a Dinner.

Powers of recited Act, and Mutiny Ac. "extended to thi&tAli

and every such Light Mouse Dues and other Rates and Duties for and in respect of Light Houses as are now payable by the Owners or Matters of such Vessels at any Port or Place in Ireland, in such manner and to such Amount only as shall have been paid and levied at any such Port or Place respectively, at any time within Seven Years next preceding the passing of this Act; and that from and after the passing of this Act, there shall also be payable' and paid to the Use of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin for the Purpose of this Act, over and above all other Rates and Duties now payable or paid as aforesaid, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) upon every Entry Inwards and on every Entry Outwards made in any Port in Ireland, and on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant, for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize* inwards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland, to any other Port therein, over and above all other Duties on every such Entry, Cocket or Warrant the Sum of Six pence British Currency; all which said Duties shall and may be levied, collected and received by the Cojsimissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or their Officers, in like manner and with like Authority, and with like Remedy for Recovery of the fame, as are by Law given to the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties and their Officers, for the collecting, levying and recovering of any Duty of Customs, or any Duties or Entries, Inwards or Outwards, in any Port of Ire I tin d; and the said Duties shall, from time to time, be paid over by Order of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, or to such Person for their Use as the said Corporation shall direct, at such time and in such manner as the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, shall order and dined £ and the said Duties, when so paid over to the said Corporation, shall by them be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with the said Rate or Duty any of His Majesty's Ships of War, nor any Ship or Veflet whatever, being the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the Royal Family; nor any Fishing Vessels, Smacks or Boats; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions contained in an Act made in the Parliat ment of Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, whereby the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin is empowered or authorized to purchase and acquire any Land, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said last recited Act, and whereby the fetid Corporation is required to account beforathe Commissioners of Imprest Accounts for the Dispositior* of the Funds under their Management by virtue of the said recited Act; and all and every Act and Acts for amending the said recked Ad of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, in respect to the Matters and Things aforesaid, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, as fully andtflfeo* tually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. XCVT.

An Act to amend an Act passed in this Session of Parliament^ intkuled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Stibfijlence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[_2oth June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates 1 of Subfjlence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers .* And whereas the Rules pre-

feribed for furnishing Solaierj with Diet and Small Beer are in many Instances become from the high Price

of Provisions inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others; and it is therefore expedient that further Provisions mould be made for regulating the Quantities of Diet and Small Beer to be

fucniflied to the Soldiers, and the Sums to be allowed for the feme: y May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice.and Confer* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June, One thousand eight hundred and ten, every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Soldier, who shall be furnished with Diet and Sm^ll Beer within the Parts of the United Kingdom mentioned in the said recited Act, by the Innholders or other Persona on whom such Nqn-commiflibned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the feme, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem9 instead of One Shilling and Four pence per Diem as is in the said recited Act specified; and that for such Allowance of Eight pence, the Innkeeper or other Person shall furnife One Meal, videlicet; a hot Dinner if required in each Day to each Non*commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer arid Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, .toconfiftof such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pbuud and % ^Quarter of Meat previous to being dreffea. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Ttvo Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Cknifes. Matters and Things in the said Act, and of another Act passed in the present Session.of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be applied for the enforcing such Regulations as to tile Diet of Soldiers and the Payment of and accounting for the Allowances for the fame, as it the feme were repeated and re-enacted in this Act? and the said First recited Act.and this Act, bp cgriftVued as One Act.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

G. 97.

*35

45 G. 0. C. la

46 G. c. 6t«

47 G a. SeC 1.

c. 31.

47G.3.&C2, c. 16.

47 G. 3. SeJT. a.

c. Id.

46 G. 3. c. 1*.

120s

47 G. 3. Sess. a.

c. 1.

48 G. 3. C. SO.

49 G. 3.C. 74.

Duties and Draw-

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to amend fereral Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleveny certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Inland...[20th June 1810.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled, jin 8 AS for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fxy certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Merchan disc e imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Unties* Drawbacks qtid Bounties:

And whereas an Act was made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 8 for granting unto His Metjejiy until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fst,

8 certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain 8 Sorts of Irony Sugar and Tea* into and from Ireland: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty*9 Reign, to repeal Pbrt of the Duties on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco in Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty' Reign* intituled, An Act to grant to His Maytjly until the Fifth Day of July, One thousand eight hundred and eighty certain Duties on the Importation and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain 8 Goodly Wares and Merchandise* into and from Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to provide for the Decrease and Suspension, in certain Cases,

4 of Paart f the Countervailing Duty on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland: And whereas such of the said recited Acts as were temporary have been from time to that continued by several Acts passed in the Forty filth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were amended and continued, and by an Act made in the last Sefifcon of Parliament the said recited Acts were further continued, and are in force until and upon the Fifth. Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, and it is expedient that all the said recited Acts, and alfa the several Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them, or any of them, should be further continued m manner herein after mentioned.' May ic therefore plrafc Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited Acts or any of them, until and upon, the Fifth Day of Jvh One thousand t; u JuW"*, eight hundred and ten, Audi respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland* upon and from and after exceptDrawbacks the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, until and' upon the Fifth Day of July One and Bounties on thousand eight boodred and eleven, except Inch Drawbacks arid Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the Sugar, &c. on>-British Plantations, and on refined Sugar under the said recited Acts or any of them, as are provided for by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide more elsec^ c gU!t l4^1# trnoHy for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing continued by " Britirn Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and tight* and which said last recited Act is by an Act passed in this present StfGon of Parliament 50 G. 3. c. 17. continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and amended, and that the said recited Acts, except as aforesaid, and fb far as they are not altered or repealed by each other, or by 4

this Act, or by any other Act, and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters aAd Things contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Time hereby granted, at fully and effectually as if the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the Powers, Prdvisions*

Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things had been by the said recited Acts, or any of them, extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made Part of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and that the several Articles in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or.imposed or continued* or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited Acts, or any 01 them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall respectively be and remain liable to the Rate* and Duties, and shall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bounties (except as aforesaid) allowed iu respect thereof under the Regulations and Pmvisions of the said recited Acts respectively, upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

II. And whereas the Commons uf the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament Duties aa* affrmbfed, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Drawhsek* in Majesty's Government, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty several new and other Duties upon certain Sch«fel« (A.) Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may^34*5*°* be enacted, and be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Con-n '* tinuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Socceffbrs, in ready Morey (except as herein after is provided) without any Disconnt whatever, upon the Importation of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the Schedules hereto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) imported into Ireland> the several Duties inserted, described and set forth in

Figures

A.D. 1810.

136

Du tic* payable on Goods, not entered, &c.

and tlfo on Goods ware-, housed pursuant to any Act.

Wltat Wine* imported before the pilling of thi* AS charged villi additional Duty.

Additional Ex-rife Duties on Wines in Stock*

Duties paid in British Currency, and carried to Consolidated JFVod.

Duties and Drawbacks under Regulation of

14 & 15 Car. 1 c. 8, &c.

Appekl.

Additional Duties secured by Bond.

C. 97. 50° GEORGII III.

Figures in the said Schedules; and there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties, as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Scheduleg, and that the said Duties in the said Schedule (A.) specified shall be in lieu and full Satisftrftion of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Sorts under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, and that the said Duties in the said Schedule (B.) specified shall be in addition to all Duties on Wines imported into Ireland under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and let forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall not have been entered on or before the passing of this Act, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the passing of this AdL

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties mentioned and set forth in the said Schedules shall be charged and payable on all such of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned as, having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehoused, and shall remain at the time of the passing of this Act in Warehouses, in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may have been imported before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize until the Duties which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been subject to before the passing of this Act shall be payable.

V. And be it further enacted, That ail Wines which at any time before the Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten shall have been imported, the Duties payable upon the Import of which shall not have been duly paid and discharged, shall be considered as Wines remaining in His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the passing of this Act, and shall be charged accordingly, and the Proprietor thereof shall be subject to the additional Duties on the Importation thereof mentioned, contained and set forth in the Schedule or Table hereunto annexed marked (B.) over and above all former Duties payable on the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines which on or at any time after the Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten shall have been or shall be in the Stores or Warehouses, or in the Custody, Power or PoHellion of any Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, and which shall have paid the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the passing of this Act, the respective additional Duties of Excise following, that is to say; For and upon each and every Tun of French Wine, Rhenish Wine, and Wines of Germany and Hungary, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds and Eighteen Shillings; and for and upon each and every Tun of any other Sort of Wines not otherwise enumerated, the Sum of Twelve Pounds and Twelve Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Wines respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Drawbacks in this Act mentioned, and also the Duties and Drawbacks in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency; and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the said Duties, and all Drawbacks in the said Schedules specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties and Drawbacks hereby mentioned and granted and allowed, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and under such Rule* and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize*imporced into and exported from Ireland in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fomteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successort, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Paries aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where the whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act and the Schedule thereto annexed, granted or imposed, may in like manner and under the same Rules, Regulations, restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or

'otherwise.

X. And,

A.D. 1810; 50° GEORGII III. C. 97.

X. And, for ascerftining the Stock of all Foreign Wine* belonging to all Merchants, Importers of, Factors and Dealers in, or Sellers or Retailers of Foreign Wines on or at any time after the Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, and for securing the additional Duties by this Act iroposed thereon. Be it further enacted, That every such Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wines in Ireland, who shall respectively have any such Wiues in his, her or their Possession, in any Warehouse, Store Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person for his, ' her or their Use, shall within Three Days after the Fifth Day of "July One thousand eight hundred and ten deliver at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Wine shall have been on the said Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, or any other Day between that Day and the said Fifth Day of July indufive, a just, true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all the Foreign Wine which on the said Twenty eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, or on any Day between that Day and the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten inclusive, shall have so been in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer in, Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, in every such Warehouse or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person for his or her Use, describing the Places in which the same shall be, and the Situation thereof, and distinguishing such Foreign Wines from each other, according to the true Denomination thereof, as the same are hereinbefore described, and also distinguishing whether such Wines arc Red or White; and all Wines in Bottles shall be accounted for according to the Number of Bottles, -without expressing the Number of Gallons of Wine contained in such Bottles, but estimating the Number of such Gallons in the whole, by a fair Calculation made on the actual Content of any given Number of such-Bottles, indifferently chosen; and every such Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker a solemn Affirmation, before the Collector of Excise of the Diftrift, that such Account is a just, true and perfect Account of all such Wines as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation such Collector is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, or other Person, who shall neglect to deliver, or cairfe to be delivered such Account, within the time aforesaid, and to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver, or cause to he delivered, any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such Foreign Wines of which such Account shall not be delivered, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall also be forfeited, together with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Hogsheads and Packages containing the fame respectively, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

XL. And be h further enabled, That for the Purposes of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, from time to time, to enter into all or any of the Warehousrs, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults and other Places of any such Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller of Foreign Wine Whether by Wholesale or Retail, and into any Place where any Wine belonging to any Importer of Dealer

in or Seller or Retailer of Wine shall be, and by tailing, gauging or otherwise, to take an Account of the

Quantity and Quality of all Wine then and there found in the Custody of or belonging to any such Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, in any Calk, or in any Vessel, except Bottles, and also to take an Account of all such Wine as shall be then and there found in Bottles, in any other manner than by tasting the fame, or by uncorking or opening the Bottles containing such Wine, unless with the Consent of the Proprietor, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Number of Gallons therein in manner afore mentioned; and in case of Refusal of such Consent, each Bottle shall be deemed to contain the Quantity which its common Denomination of Pint, Quart, Two Quarts, and so forth, imports; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or them at any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, .Vault, or other Place, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Wines in manner aforesaid, or if such

Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer or Person having the Custody or Possession of such Wines, .shall neglect or refuse to shew, or cause to be shewn to such Officer all the Wines in every such Warehouse or Other-Place respecthJBy, such Person respectively, into or at whose Warehouse or ether Place such Officer shall not be admitteffror Audi not be suffered to take such Accounts respectively, and every such Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew, or cause to be shewn to such Officer all such Wines as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence or Defenlt respectively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Dispute between the Officer of Excise and any such Importer of, or Dealer in or Seller of Foreign Wine, as to the Nature or Species of any particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, - and every such Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take, at any time or times, a Sample or Samples, not exceeding One Quart of any such Foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Calks, or in any other Vessel or Vessels, paying for the Wine the usual Price thereof; and if such Officer or Officers shall not be permitted to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his offering to pay fop the fame, after the Rate aforesaid, or shall in any wise be obstructed or hindered by any Person or Persons whatever in taking such Sample or Samples, the Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of such Wine, or other Person in whose Custody such Wine shall be, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officer and Officers of Excise who shall take such Account of such Wine*, shall make a Return or Report of the fime to the Collector of Excise of the-District, and shall insert in such Return or Report the Amount of Duties hereby charged and payable thereon, and the Sums charged in such Return or Report shall be a Charge on such Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller, or Retailer of Wine* or other Person or Persons who shall pay the said Duty accordingly, in case such Return or Report shall.contain a greater Quantity of Wines than shall be comprised in the respective Accounts hereinbefore directed to be returned by the Parties respectively to whom such Wine shall belong, otherwise the

50 Geo. III. T Account

*37

Importers, &c. to deliver an Account of Stock to ( ol-leclor of Excise of the Diiir'fel.

Penalty;

Officers of Ex* cife may enter» Prtrmifes of Wine Dealer*, and take Account of Stpcfc.

OhflniAing

Qificm

[Penalty.]

In case of D»f- putt's, Officers.may take Samples of Wine, &c.

Obstruction.

[Penalty.]

Officer* taking' an Account of Wines to make* a Return to Collectors.

138

A.D. 1810.

Duties charged accordingly.

Bond for Payment of Duty on Wine iu Stock.

No Permit till Duties paid.

fur prompt Payment.

Dealers may charge additional Duty to Buyer be lore Delivery.

Continuance of

a a.

Act may be altered, &c.

C. 97. 50' GEORGII III.

Account given by such Importer or other Person shall be and become a Charge on such Importer or other Person of such Duty on the Quantity of Wine contained in such Account, and such Importer or other Person shall pay the said Duty accordingly; and where no such Account shall have been returned by such Importer or other Person, the Return made by the Officer under this Act shall be a conclusive Charge on such Importer or other Person.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Importer, Dealer, or other Person chargeable with the said additional Duties on Wines in respect: of such Wines in his or her Stock or Post'efiion, to give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the District in which such Importer or other Person resides, which Bond such Collector is hereby authorized to take for His Majesty's Use, in a Penalty of not less than Double the Amount of the said additional Duties, conditioned that such Importer, Dealer or other Person shall pay the Amount of the said additional Duty on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven, by Six equal Instalments, the First of such Instalments to be paid on the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Four succeeding Instalments on the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Twenty fifth Day of Marcby the Twenty fourth Day of Junc> and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing, and the Sixth and last Inilalment on or before the said Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Merchant, Importer of, Dealer in or Seller or Retailer of any such Wines shall have fold or shall sell the same, or any Part thereof, and shall be delrrous of removing the fame out of his Stock before Payment of the respective additional Duties by this Act imposed, no Permit shall be granted for the Removal thereof, unless the said additional Duties, and all Duties of Customs and Excise due on such Wine to be so removed, shall have beeu previously paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Importer, Dealer or other Person who shall be charged with or be liable to the additional Duties on Wine under this Act, shall pay the same or any Part thereof, before the Expiration of the respective Times when the same are by this Act required to be paid as aforesaid, every such Person shall be allowed as a Discount for prompt Payment a Sum out of such Duties, as such Importer, Dealer or other Person shall so pay, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum for such time as any Sum shall be paid before the time when the fame is by this Act required to be paid.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Importer, Dealer or other Person who shall be charged with the additional Duties by this Act imposed upon any Wine iu his or her Possessiou shall have fold or contracted to fell any such Wine to any Person or Persons, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, then, and in every such case, the Buyer of the said Wine shall not i>e entitled to claim the Delivery of such Wine without first paying the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been charged with or paid for such Wine under the Provisions of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered* amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated and described (not being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

SCHEDULE INWARDS.

Almonds, the cwt. viz.

- Bitter -

- Jordan.

- In the Shell -

- Of any other Sort -

Cider, the Tun of 252 Gallons -

Cloves, the lb. viz.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Celony or Plantation in America

imported under Licence -

Cocoa Nuts, the lb.

Corks, ready made, the lb.

Currants, the cwt. viz.

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

!- in Foreign Shipping -

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ d. £ /. d.

I 6 8 0 x3 4

4 0 0 2 0 0

1 10 0 05 0

2 0 0 1 0 0

26 4 8 x3 2 4

0 2 0 —

0 4 8 0 '2 4

0 2 2 0 1 1

0 3 0 —

X l7 4 0 18 8

2 0 0 0 18 8

Pig«,

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 97-

139

SCHEDULE INWARDS.

Figs, the cwt. viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

' in Foreign Shipping

Ginger, viz.

- of the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, Africa or America, the cwt.

- not of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, the cwt.

- preferred, the lb.

Lemons, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the 1, 000

- imported in Foreign Shipping

- pickled, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

Liquorice Ball or Juice, the lb.

Nutmegs, candied, the lb.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony or Plantation

America, the lb.

- imported under Licence, the lb.

Oil, viz.

- of Almonds, the lb. -

- of Amber, the lb.

- of Anniseed, the lb.

- of Carraway Seeds, the lb.

- of Castor, the lb.

- of Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Cloves, the oz.

- of Hempfeed, the Tun of 252 Gallons

- of Jessamine, the lb.

- of Juniper, the lb.

- of Linleed, the Tun of 252 Gallons

- of Mace, the oz.

- of Marjoram, the lb.

- of Nutmegs, the oz.

- of Oranges, the lb.

- Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, th

Tun, containing 252 Gallons

- in Foreign Shipping, the Tun of 252

Gallons

- Palm Oil, the cwt.

- of Rapeseed, the Tun of ^52 Gallons

- of Rosemary, the lb. -

- Sallad Oil, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Gallon

- imported in Foreign Shipping, the Gallon

- of ^aflafras, the lb.

- Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Tun of 252 Gallons

- of Thyme, the lb.

- of Turpentine, the lb..-

- of Vitriol, the lb.

- of Walnuts, the Gallon -

- all other Oils, being Chemical Oils, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb

- Oil or Blubber from Fish, the Tun of 252 Gallons, viz.

- Blubber of Newfoundland, of the lifting of the United Kingdom, or of New

foundland fishing -

- Oil of Newfoundland, the Tun of 252 Gallons

- I ifh Oil, or Train Oil, of the fishing of the United Kingdom, the Tun of

252 Gallons

- of Foreign Fifting

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, of lifting of the United Kingdom, the Tun

of 252 Gallons -

- of Foreign Fishing

Oranges, viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the 1, 000

- in Foreign Shipping, the i, oco

Pepper, the'lb. viz.

- Black or White, of the East Indies

*A j T*

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ j. d. £ j. d.

0 18 0 090

0 J9 4 090

09 i 098

2 4 8 8 1 2 4

0 2 —

0 16 4 0 8 2

0 17 4 0 8 2

2 1791 8 0

0 6 8 0 3 4

0 6 8 0 3 4

0 3 0 —

0 4 8 0 2 4

e 0 8 0 0 4

0 4 8 0 2 4

0 3 4 0 1 8

0 2 0 0 1 0

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 4 0 0 2 0

0 1 4 0 0 8

26 7 6 —

0 3 4 0 1 8

0 1 0 0 0 6

26 7 6 —

0 1 8 0 0 10

0 2 4 0 1 2

0 1 8 0 0 10

0 3 0 0 1 6

12 8 0 6 4 0

13 396 4 0

0 5 4 0 2 8

26 7 6 —

0 1 8 0 0 10

0 390 2 0

0 4 4 0 2 0

0 2 0 0 1 0

26 7 6 —

0 2 4 0 1

0 0 6 —

0 0 4 —

0 3 2 0 1 7

0 3 0 0 1 6

0 J3 2 -

0 199 —

0 6 7

26 7 6 —

0 6 7

26 7 6 —

0 16 4 0 8 2

0 17 4 0 8 2

0 1 8 -

Pepper,

140 C. 97- 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

SCHEDULE INWARDS. Duties. Drawbacks.

Pepper, continued, viz. £ j. d. £ d.

Cayenne Pepper - - - O 4 0 O 1 0

- Guinea Pepper - O 1 4 O O 8

' - Long Pepper - O 0 8 O O 4

Pimento, the lb. viz.

of the BritiHi Plantations - 0. 0 8 O O 4

not of the British Plantations Raisins, the cwt. viz. - Belvidere Railins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O 1 0 0 G 6

O 18 0 O90

in Foreign Shipping O 19 0 O90

Denia Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 16 4 O 8 2

- in Foreign Shipping Faro Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O O7 18 4 0 Q O 8 92 0

in Foreign Shipping Lexia Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O O9 18 0 8 O O990 4

in Foreign Shipping O T9 8 O94

- Lipari Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O 18 0 O90

in Foreign Shipping O l9 0 O90

Smyrna Raisins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - I 1 0 O 10 6

- in Foreign Shipping of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom I I 2 l5 0 8 O O 10 17 6 10

in Foreign Shipping — not otherwise enumerated or described, I 16 8 O 17 10

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O 16 4 O 8 2

in Foreign Shipping 0 17 4 O 8 2

Rice, the cwt. - O 6 4 O 3 2

Rosin, or Colophonia, the cwt. viz.

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O 4 0 —

- in Foreign Shipping - Crow O 4 8 —

- the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the

of the United Kingdom - - O 2 8 —

Silk, Organzine Thrown Silk, undyed, the lb. of 16 oz. O 3 8 O 2 11

Thrown, not organzined, dyed, the lb. of 16 oz. O91 0 8 4

undyed, the lb. of 16 oz. O 6 4 1 ° 5 /

Tea, imported from Great Britain, for every iool. of the Value thereof - 93 0 0 89 .JO 0

Turpentine^ viz. 8

Common, the cwt. ... 0 3 0 1 10 j

of Venice, Scio or Cyprus, the lb. 0 0 8 0 0 4 i 1

of Germany, or any other Place, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. - 1 2 0 0 11 0

Vinegar or Verjuice, the Tun of 252 Gallons 483 4 — i f

Wax, Bees Wax unmanufactured, the cwt. 2 16 0 1 8 0 i

White or manufactured, the cwt. 5 4 0 2 12 0

Hard Wax, the lb. - - 0 2 0 O 1 Q

Sealing Wax, for every iool. of the Value 50 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of the Additional Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated x>r described (not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

Duties. Drawbacks.

Wine, the Tun of 252 Gallons, viz. French, Rhenish, Germany and Hungary Wines ... not otherwise enumerated or described ... £ s. d. 18 j 8 0 12 12 O £ s. d. 18 18 0 12 12 O

CAfe

j

A.D. 1810.

50" GEORGII III.

0, 98, 99. 14-1

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Inland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten.

[20th June 1810.]

A> Irish Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear Interest. §1, Bills issued not to exceed 44 2i6, ooool. §2. Bills, if not paid off, shall betaken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall ccafe. §3, 4. Money to be carried to the Irish Con* " folidated Fund. §5. Bills to be chargable thereon. §6. Bank of Ireland may advance the Sum of 2 i6, ooooL st on the Credit of this Act. §7.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the making of Malt, and the granting of Permits and Certificates, and the Regulations of Braziers and of Persons employing more than one Still in Ireland.

[20th June .8.0.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the several Acts relating to the making of Malt in Ireland Be V\ it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, Reign, intituled, an Act for the Col-leSion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, as enads or provides that any Corn or Grain making into Malt in the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, after the same shall be thrown out or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, shall remain on t he Floor or Floors for the full Space of Ten Days at the lead before the same shall be put on the Kiln; and also so much of the said recited Act as enads or provides that Corn or Grain making into Malt shall be put on the Kiln within Twenty one Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the wetting thereof, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the paffi/ig of this Act, if any Corn or Grain making into Malt in the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland, after the time when the same shall be throwu out, or ought by the Provisions of the said recited Act to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, shall not remain ort the Floor or Floors for the full Space of Eight Days at the lead before the same shall be put on the Kiln, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that if any Corn or Grain making into Malt shall not have been put on the Kiln within Eighteen Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the wetting thereof, all such Coni or Grain shall be considered as Malt, and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse the same shall be found, shall be charged with Duty for the fame, after the Rate of One Buftiel of Malt for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain, and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; which said several Penalties shall and may be recovered and applied in such and the like manner as any Penalties of the like Amount may be recovered and applied under the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or any Act or Acts for amending the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep any Malthouse, the working or drying Floor whereof shall not-be lei than One thousand and forty square Feet, and shall not exceed One thousand four hundred square Feet, any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, or in any Act or Acts for amending the said recited Act, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Kiln Floor or Floors of every such Malthouse shall be in the like Proportions to the working or drying Floor or Floors therein as is directed and required by the said recited Act or Acts, or any of them, with respect to Malthouses, the working or drying Floors whereof are of the Dimentsions in the said recited Acts mentioned: Provided also, that all such Licences shall be granted in manner and under the Regulations in the said recited Acts contained, except only so far as the same are altered by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any unmalted Corn or Grain shall be mixed with or contained among any Malt shipped or intended to be shipped in Ireland for Exportation, all such Com and Malt shall he forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and the same shall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the Person or Persons who shall have so mixed, or caused or procured, permitted or suffered to be mixed any such unmalted Corn or Grain with such Malt as aforesaid, shall, for every Bushel of such Mixture, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings.

4 V. And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign intituled, An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the

Conveyance and P rote Sion of certain exciseable Goods therem mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or

Retailers of Jitch Goods; certain Penalties and Forfeitures are imposed in cases where Goods or Commodities are found without the Certificate required by the said Act to be given by Officers of Excise, for the proteding of Goods; and also in cases where such Certificates are not delivered up or renewed according to the Provisions of the said recited Act; Be it enacted, That from slnd after the passing of this Act, no Penalty o- Forfeiture whatever shall accrue or be incurred by any Person or Persons whatever, nor shall any Goods or Commodities be forfeited nor be liable to be seized, nor shall any Information, Suit or Prosecution be filed, had, commenced, prosecuted or proceeded on for any such Penalty or ForfiHtpre, or for the Condemnation of any

such

4 j G. 3. c. M.^43. 48. repealed.

Malt in making, to remain on the Floor a certain Time.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

licences for Malthouse* of certain Diratn-fiou* granted

Provifn.

Prorifo,

Mixing Corn and Malt intended

for Exportation forfeited.

[Penalty.]

40 G. a. (I

C. 68.

Penalties not in -curretloii Account of Expiration of Cenifi-catai for

H* '

Conveyance of Exciseable Good*, unless Notice by Officer.

46 G- 3. C. 88. §84.

49 G. 3. «. 99- 16.

repealed.'

Braziers, &c. having in Poflef-(ion Stills Of left Content than Gallons.

Punlfhjaent.

Regulation for Distillers in working Two or more Stills.

f Sic.

C. 99. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

such Goods or Commodities by reason or in consequince of the Expiration of any such Certificate, or by rea* Ion or in copsequence of such Certificate not being delivered up, or not being renewed in manner required by the said recited Act, unless Notice shall have been given by some Officer of Excisetothe Holder of such Certificate Six Days at the least previous to the filing of any such Information, or the commencing of such Suit or Prose-r cution, requiring such Holder to renew such Certificate, or to deliver up the same as the case may require, and to take out a new or other Certificate pui suant to the Directions of the said recited Act, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that no Brazier or

other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal, shall make or have in his or her Possessiou any Still, the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any Appendage thereto, shall be less than Five hundred Gallons, other than and except any such Still only as may be licensed by the Commissioners of Excise under the Provisions of the said recited Act, nor unless such Brazier or other Person shall have previously obtained a Licence from some one Commissioner of Excise, for making or keeping the fame; and in case such Still shall be of less Content than Five hundred Gallons, setting forth that the fame is for che Use of some Chemist, Apothecary, er other Person duly licensed to use the fame, and if any such Still shall be found in the Possession of any Brazier or other Person as aforesaid, who shall not produce a Licence for making or keeping the fame, such Brazier or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and such Still shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of Excise: And whereas by one other Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend the several Acts for the re-4. gulating and securing the Col led ion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that if any Brazier, Tinman, or Worker of Tin, or other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal, shall at any time after the Expiration of Tea Days after the Day of the passing of the said last mentioned Act, make or repair, or have in his or her Possession in Ireland any Still, the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be less than Fifty Gallons, every such Person offending as afontsaid shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor: And whereas in consequence of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes being by Law authorized to grant Licences to Persons to have, keep and make use of any Still, the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall not be less than Forty four Gallons, it is necessary to repeal so much of the said Two Acts as is hereinbefore recited : Be it there-enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of the said Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty ninth Years aforesaid, as is and are hereinbefore recited, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Brazier, Tinman or Worker of Tin, or other Person dealing* in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal, shall make or repair, or have in his or her Foffession in Ireland\ any Still the Content of the Body whereof without the Head or any Appendage thereto shall be less than Forty four Gallons, every such Person so offending aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace on Information on Oath of any such Often-ees, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehenfioa of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint to commit such Person to Gao), there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person, be or (he shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the fame 5 apd it shall be lawfuffpr the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflid such Punishment on such Person for such Offeacc, as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanor*.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient to meet the Inconvenience resulting from Di (litters commencing the working Twoor more Stills at different Periods in the fame Distillery; Be it enacted, That whenever any Diffiller in Ireland shall hate Two or more Stills in the fame Distillery, and shall not have given Notice and commenced the working of all such Stills on the same Day, it shall not be lawful for such Diffiller to give Notice of the commencing or recommencing to work any Still or Stills in addition to the Still or Stills which shall be then at work in inch Distillery but on a Monday, which shall be the Commencement of a Period of Four Weeks far the Work of such Still or Stills as shall have been so at work as aforesaid; and in every case where a Diffiller shall have Two or more Stills working as aforesaid at the same time, every such Diffiller shall be charged and chargeable, and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as he (kail make, or be chargeable with Duty for from the Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings, with which all such Still* shall by Law be chargeable according to the Contents of (the fame respectively $ and tke Officer of Excise shall in the several Return* by Law required to be made by him, include and charge against such Diffiller the full Quantity off Spirits for which such Diffiller is chargeable with Duty in respect of all such Stills taken together 5 and when any Diffiller shall at any .time before the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, have commenced or recommenced the working of Two or more Stills in the fame Distillery on different Days, so as that the Period of Four Weeks as to each of the said Stills shall be distinct, it shall be lawful for the Officer in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiljer, to include in his Return of the Charge at the End of such Period of Four Weeks of the Still or Stills which shall have first commenced working as aforesaid, the full Proportion of the Charge or Charges in respect of the Contents of stich additional Still or Stills for a Period of Four Weeks, according to the Number of Weeks thats fame shall have worked during fooh Period of Four Weeks, of the Still or Stills which first commenced working as aforesaid, so as to charge the said Diffiller from the same Day and Period as to all and every of the said Stills as long as the same shall continue working, and that such Return so made as aforesaid shall be a Charge on such* Diffiller to all Intents and Purposes, as any Charge on

1 any

A.D. 1810.

*43

50 GEORGII III. C. 99 — 101.

any Distiller by virtue of say other or former Act; and the Duty or Duties so returned and charged shall be paid and payable by such Distiller in like manner as any Duty under any other Return is payable by Law by any Distiller, and under and subject in Default of Payment to all Penalties as Distillers are subject to in cases of Non-payment of the Duties with which they are chargeable.

CAP. C.

An Act for respiting certain Fines imposed on Stills in Ireland.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty, Duties upon Spirits made or di/tilled in Ireland from Corn; to allow ctrtain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; to male further Regulations for the Encouragement of licet fed Disit Hers, and Jor amending the Laws relative to the Difiillcry of Ireland; the Operation of certain Acts was suspended for Two Years,

so faras they imposed Fines on rarilhes and Townrtiipsin Iceland for unlicensed Stills or Parts of Stills, or

Materials for illicit Distillinjg, found on such Lands: And whereas during the time said Act was parting

similar Fines may have been imposed at different Assizes in Ireland\ which, without the Interference of Par-

1 iament, mud be levied Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Fines as may have been imposed on Parishes or Townlands in Ireland on or after the Tenth Day of March in this Year, shall be and are hereby respited; and that no High Constable or other Person employed to collect the same shall suffer any Loss of Salary in consequence of not having collected or paid in such Fines.

CAP. CI.

An Act for confirming an Agreement for the Purchase of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, entered into by the Commissioner? of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, and the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory and his Trustees, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of Hi* present Majesty's Reign.

[20th June 1810.]

4 TT7 HE&EAS by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lora High Treasurer of Ireland to contract for the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland, reciting that the Right Honourable Eail of Ormonde and 4 OJfory was or claimed to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into any of the Ports,

Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places within Ireland; and reciting also that it would tend to Uuiforroity in the Collection and Application of the Revenue of Customs in Ireland if the said Duties of Prisage and Butlerage were, by the Consent of the said Earl, to be reverted in the Crown for the public Service; it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, or any other Person or Persons claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the respective Grants or Letters Patent under which the said Earl was or claimed to be entitled to the fame, for the absolute Purchase or Surrender of all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest, as he or they had or should be entitled to claim in and to the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places in Ireland, and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits, and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuity or iSmn of Money or both, to be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated rund of Ireland, at such times and in such manner, 4- and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions of Redemption thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, as

the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or

any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being should think fit, and asfhonld be agreed upon in that Behalf: And it was by the said Act provided and further enacted, that no ^such Contract which should be entered into as aforesaid should be binding on His Majesty's Heirs or Successors, or should be carried into Effect unless and until the fame should be sanctioned and confirmed by Act of Parliament; and whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ve/ling in new Trustees certain Estates and Property in Ireland of the Right Honourable

Walter Earl of Ormonde and Oflory in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or difpefed of under and by virtue of Two A3s of Parliament made in the Thirty fifth and Forty fifth Years of His present Maycfiy's Reign (by which said Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty certain Estates and Effects of the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory in Ireland, including the said Butlerage and Pri-4.sage, were veiled in Trustees, and by which said Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty the Right Honourable John Earl of Enniskillen and the Right Honourable Maurice Fitzgerald were substituted Trustees in the Room of the Trustees of the said former Act) 5 after reciting that the Trusts of the said last

mentioned Act were not then completed, and that the said John Earl of Enniskillen and the said Maurice Fitzgerald, the Trustees therein named, were defirousof being discharged therefrom, and that the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory was desirous that new 'trustees should be appointed to act in the Trusteof the said recited Acts of Paroament, in the Room of the>said John Earl of Enniskillen and Maurice Fitzgerald, but that no Prorifion had been made in either of the said Acts of the Thirty fifth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty for that Purpose: It was, therefore, by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of

His

Penalties.

50 G. 3. C. 15.

§ IS.

Pines imposed on TarKhea, &. c. respited, &c. Persons not pu-nilhalile for not levying Flues.

46 G. 3. c. 94.

§ I.

hi-

ts 0. 3. c. nciij.

41G. 3,.lxx&iii.

C. ioi

144

483. 3. c. xciii.

Contra for Sale and Surrender of Vrifapc, by the Earl <>l Ormonde and Ills Trustees, May 14, 1810. for 416, 0001.

46 G. 3, c. 94.

48 <5. & C\ xciii.

Claim of Corpo* ration ohCork to Priiage.

ContraA with Lord Oiwralc roniirmed, fuli-je& to fVr.ifioni ofthi/Aft.

5o° GEORGII III. A.D. 18ro.

Hh present Majesty enabled, That the said John Earl of Ennijktllen and Maurice Fitzgerald should be, and they the said John Earl of Enniskillen and Maurice Fitzgerald were thereby from thenceforth absolutely and for ever released and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trusts, Powers and Authorities then vested in them by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty fifth of His present Majesty, and the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of His said present Majesty, so far as it affected or concerned the said John Earl of Enniskillen and Maurice Fitzgerald and their Heirs, was thereby repealed and declared null and void: And it was by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty further enacted, that William Morland and John Hojier of Pall Mall, in the County of Middlesex, Esquires, Charles Butler of Lincoln's Inn, in the same County, Barrister at Law, and Job Hart Price Clarke, then of Montague Street, in the same County, Esquire, and their Heirs, Should be, and they the said William Morland, John Hojier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, were thereby appointed Trustees in the Place and Stead of the said John Earl of Ennijktllen and Maurice Fitzgerald; and all such Parts of the Estates, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, Estates, Effects, Hereditaments and Premises of what Nature and Kind soever, comprized in the said recited Acts or either of them, which had not been sold or disposed of for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or either of them, were thereby vested in the said William Morland, John HJier, Charles Butler and Joh Hart Price Clarke, and their Heirs, upon such and the fame Trusts, and to and for such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates and Interests, and with such and the fame Powers and Provisoes, and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes as in the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth of His present Majesty are mentioned or declared concerning the Hereditaments and Premises therein mentioned, and in as full, exteofive and absolute manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were vested in the said John Earl of Enniskillen and Maurice Fitzgerald and their Heirs, or such and so many* of them as should be then subsisting, undetermined and capable of taking Effect: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, and made 01 expressed to be made between the Right Honourable John Foster, Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, called Ireland, the Right Honourable Sir George Fitzgerald Hill Baronet, and the Right Honourable John Barry, Commissioners of His Majesty8 Treasury of Ireland, of the First Part; the said William Morland, John Hojier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, of the Second Part; and the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory of the Third Part; reciting the several Matters hereinbefore recited, they the said John Foster, Sir George Fitzgerald HiU and John Barry, as Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, in purfuince of the hereinbefore recited Act of Parliament passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, did on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, contract and agree with the said William Morland, John Ho/ier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, by and with the Consent of the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, (signified by his being a Party to and executing the said Indenture) for the absolute Purchase and Surrender from the Day of the Execution of the Deed of Conveyance by the said Commissioners of such Estate, Right, Title and Interest, as the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, or his said Trustees, hath or have in the aforesaid Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in all Ireland, for the Price or Sum of Two hundred and fixceen thousand Pounds Sterling Irish Currency: And it was by the said Indenture agreed and declared by and between the Parties to the said Indenture that the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, William Morland, John Hojier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, should forthwith, after the said Contract Should be approved of by Parliament, produce a good and satisfactory Title to the said Prisage and Butlerage; and by proper Deeds, Conveyances and A durances convey or surrender the fame, or cause the same to be conveyed or furren-dered to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, absolutely and free from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and it is by the said Indenture declared and agreed by and between the Parties to the said Indenture, that the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds Sterling should be paid to the said William Morland, John Ho/ierf Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, their Executors, Adruilull ra tors and Assign8, by the Commissioners of the Treasury on the Day of the Execution of the said Deed of* Conveyance by the said John Fofier, Sir George Fitzgerald Hill and John Barry; and that, until the Execution of the said Conveyance and Surrender, the said Prisage and Butlerage, and the accruing Income and Profits of the fame should belong to and be received by the said William Morland, John Hrjier, Charles4 Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, their Executors, Administrators and Afiigus, as Trustees under the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid: Audit is by the said Indenture provided and declared by and' between the Parties thereto, that nothing therein contained shall be binding upon them or any of them, unless the fame should, within the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the Twentieth Day of December*then last, bt sanctioned and confirmed by Parliament: and whereas the Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork have, by their Petition to the House of Commons, claimed all the Prisage of Wines in all Bays, Creeks and Strands within the Port of the said City; and it is possible that similar Claims may be made within other Ports of Ireland: And whereas it would be of great public Benefit that the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines should be forthwith extinguished within and through every Port in Ireland, and .within and thnmgh every Creek, Bay and Strand thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent' Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said hereinbefore recited Contraband Agreement for the Purchase and Surrender of the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, and his said Trustees, ef, in and to the Prisage and Butlerage of* Wines in all Ireland, shall be, and the fame is hereby sanctioned, ratified, confirmed ana established, subject ivevcrtheless to the Provisions and Regulations in this present Act contained; and that immediately from and*' 7 ' after

A.D. 1810. 50 GEORGII III. C. ior.

alter the Execution of the Conveyance in the (kid recited Contrail mentioned, which Conveyance shall contain a full Conveyance of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wine* brought into all or any Port, Haven, Creek, River, or other Place in Ireland, all Prisage and Butlerage of Wine* brought into any of the Ports, Hnvens, Creek*, River*, and other Place* in Ireland, and all Compositiont, Duties, and other Payments in lieu of or on account of such Prisage and Butlerage shall for ever thenceforth be absolutely veiled in His Majesty, his Heir* and Successor*, free and clear, and for ever exempted, exonerated and discharged of and from all Rights, Title*, Interests, Claim and Demand whatsoever of any Body Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons whomsoever; and that immediately from and after the Execution of such Conveyance, the Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, ltish Currency, shall be issuing out of, and shall be charged and chargeable on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and shall be issued and paid accordingly in manner and under the Regulations in this Act contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Execution of the Deed of Conveyance and Surrender of the said Prisage and Butlerage from the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory and his Trustees, by the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, and his Trustees, or the Survivor of such Trustees, and by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, the Whole of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds shall, by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioner for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, with the Consent of the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory % and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, be inverted at Interest in Treasury Bills, or in such other Government Securities at the said Earl of Ormonde and Offory, and hi* said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, shall approve, in the Name or Name* of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioner*, or any Three of them for the time being, and the Principal, Interest and Proceed* of the said Treasury Bills, or other Government Securities, shall be accounted fer, applied and paid over by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioner for the time being for the Purposes of this Act, in manner and under the Regulations and at the times in this Act in that Behalf mentioned and directed.

III. And be it further en?Hrd, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, or Receipt or Receipt* of the "said WiUhim Mori and, John Hofirr^ Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pound*, under the Provisions of this Act contained, shall be a good and fuficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Sum, or of so much thereof a* shall be thereby acknowledged to be by them or him received, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Sum and every Part thereof shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, Fees, and other Charges whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, for trying or ascertaining any Right or Claim which the said Mayor, Sheriffs a id Commonalty of the said City of Cork, or any other Person or Persons, Body o- Bodies Po itick or Corporate, may alledge or make of or to the Prisage or Butlerage of Wines, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, in any Port or Ports of Ireland, or ip any Bay, Creek or Strand within any Part or in any Place or Pisces in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the said City of Cork, and to and for all and every or any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall alledge any such Right or make any such Claim, to have the SubjrH of such Claim tried at Law in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, in Ireland, at the Option of the Claimant or Claimants, by an AHion to be brought by such Claimant or Claimant* against the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland for the time being 5 and the said Earl of Ormonde and OJJf.ry and his said Trustee*, or the Survivor of them, upon an Issue whether the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Gorki or other Person or Person*, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, w ho shall .alledge any such Right or make any such Claim respectively, are or is entitled to any Prisage or Butlerage o? Wines in any Bays, Creek* or Strand* within the Port of the said City of Cork, any way happening, or in any other Port or Ports of Ireland, or in any Bay, Creek or Strand thereof, or in any Place or Place* in Ireland to be named in such Issue, as the case may require; and that in any such AHion the said Mayor, Sheriff* and Commonalty of the said City of Cork or other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall alledge any such Right or make any Such Claim as aforesaid, shall be Plaintiffs at Law; and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissionera for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, together with the said JEsrl of Ormonde nird OJffory9 and hi* said Trustees or the Survivor of them, shall be Defendants at Law; and such Defendants shall without Delay name an Attorney or Attornies respectively to appear to and to accept a Declaration and plead to Issue; and such Issue, if the Parties shall differ, shall be settled by the Mailer or the proper Officer of the Court in which any such Proceeding* shall be had; and all and every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed in every such AHion for the Trial of such Claim, so a* to have the fame tried and determined before a special Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, at any time before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, as the Court shall think fit to appoint; and after VerdiH on any such Issue, Judgment shall be given by such Court with Coll* a* usual in common Case*.

V. And be it further enacted, That if such Person or Person*, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall fulty* and fatibfaHorily establish such Right, or any Right in the Premises, though not to the full Extent; then, and in every such case, the Price and Value of such Prisage or Butlerage, or of such Part, Share or Proportion thereof, the Right to which shall be so estabKfbed as aforesaid, shall be also ascertained at the said Trial in cale all the Parties at such Trial (kail so agree; but in case all the said Parties shall not so agree, then the said Price and Value shall be ascertained a* follows, that is to say; if by any Instrument in Writing, to be made and executed by and between the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate* so establishing his, her or their Right as aforesaid, of the Firil Parti the said William Mor-fO Geo. III. U land.

x45

lYfajfc veiled iu His MajeiH free of all Claim.

Purebale Money

chargeable <»u

Consolidaled

Fund.

On Execution of Conveyance JI6.000I 10 be invcHed, for the Purpose of thia A6>, with Con-fen' of Earl of Ormonde and hii Trustees.

Acquittance of Trufues, Sic. for the Confident ion of 2 lfi, OOOOl. to be a valid Discharge.

For ascertaining the Right of the Corpora ion of Cork, or other Corpora-iona or Ptrfoua, &. c.

If such Right eflabltshed, then Value ascertained either by Agreement or by Verdi 61 of a Jury.

A.D. 1810.

CoO*.

On farlt Agreement or Vcnr.a Treasury to pay Amount of Damages.

Naw Trial.

Verdi binding.

AH Claims of Prisage not determined before Jan. 1, 18it, 'tarred.

Treasury to pay the whole 2l6«000l. to the Trusteet, or fb mui h thereof as shall remain aftrr Taynseiil of D»-mages.

C. 101. 50° GEORGII III.

land, John Hojiery Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivors and Survivor of them* of the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, with the Consent of the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory or his Heirs, of the Second Part; and any Three Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, of the Third Part 5 the Price and Value thereof shall be ascertained, declared and agreed upon under their respective Hands and Seals; then the same shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken as and for the Price and Value thereof to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be paid in manner herein after mentioned, together .with the Cods (if any) 5 but if the said Parties should not so agree, then the same shall in every such case be ascertained as follows, that is to say; an Action shall be brought by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, having so established such Right as aforesaid, for the afeer*. taining of the Amount of such Price or Value against the Person or Persons being Defendants in the said first mentioned Action, in which A&iun for ascertaining such Price or Value the Venue shall be laid in the County of the City of Dublin; and it shall be lawful for fril Parties to proceed in such Action for ascertaining such Price or Value as aforesaid, in like manner as in the former Case of the Action for the Trial of the Right as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto a* the Case will admit; and upon such Trial it shall be lawful for the Jury to give a Verdict for the Defendants, or for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, with Damages, and the Court shall: give Judgment thereon with Cods, as usual in common cases*

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Agreement shall be made* or such Verdict and Judgments shall be given for such Price or Value, then within Fourteen Days after the Execution of such Agreement, or after the Production and Delivery of a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer or Officer* of the Court in which any such Trial shall be had, signifying that such Verdict and Judgment had been given* and the Amount of the Damages thereon, which said Certificate the said Officer or Officers is and are hereby* required to give, h shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby required to issue and pay to and to the Use of the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, or to and to the Use of such other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, as by virtue of any such Agreement or Verdi & and Judgment shall be entitled to any such Damages or Sum or Sums of Money* the Amount of such Damages and Sum and Sums of Money respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Court before whom any Trials shall be had under this Act shall be dissatisfied with any Verdict to be given on any such Trial, then, and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawfrn for such Court to grant a new or further Trial upon the fame Issue, upon Application of the Party complaining of such Verdidk within the time allowed in common Cases for Motions for new Trials; and that if any of the Defendants in any A&ioo to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of this Act shall die, or cease to hold their Offices, pending the fame, such A&ioo shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in at if no such Event had happened.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Verdidk and Judgment thereon shall be binding and conclusive upon and against the Parties on the Trial of any such Issue, and upon and against all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, claiming or to claim Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in the Pbrt or Place relating to which any such Issue shall be tned as aforesaid; and that if the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate whatever, claiming or to claim any Right, Title or Interest in or to the Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, or any Parts, Share or Proportion thereof, shall omit or neglect to proceed to the Trial of the several Issues for determining their Right therein in manner aforesaid, and also for ascertaining the Price or Value as aforesaid if necessary; and if such Trials shall not be bad, and Verdicts and Judgments thereon respectively given, or Agreement made for ascertaining such Price or Value as aforesaid, before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Commonalty of the City of Cork, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, respecting whole Right and Damages, Trials shall not be had, and Verdicts and Judgments shall not be given, or Agreement made as aforesaid, before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be deemed and taken to have abandoned all Claim, Right and Title to such Prisage and Butlerage of Wines, or any Share or Proportion thereof, and shall be for ever thenceforth barred and precluded from all Benefit of any such Claim; and from demanding, taking or receiving any Prisage or .Butlerage of Wines m any Port or Place in Ireland, any Law, Charter, Dfage or Custora to the contrary in any* wife not with (landing.

IX. And be it farther enacted, That in case no such Trial shall be had, nor any VerdiA given for any* Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on any such Issue as aforesaid, before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful so» the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue and pay, and to deliver over to the said William Morland, John Hojiery Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, and the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, the Whole of the said Sum of Two handled and sixteen thousand Pounds, or the Securities (if any) in which the same shall have been invested as aforesaid, together with such Interest as may have accrued on such Securities m to the time of their paying and delivering over the same as aforesaid; and in case any such Trial or Trials shall have been had, and a Verdict and Judgment given for Damages to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, at any time before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for the time being respectively, to issue and pay and deliver over to the said William Morland, John Hosier, Charles Busier and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivor-of them, lps Executors, Administrators and

Assigns,

14-7

AJ).j8io. 50° GEORGII III. C. 101, 102.

Assignt, so much ind such Sum or Sums of Money or Securities as aforesaid, as together with any Sum or &ums of Money paid or payable to any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as aforesaid in conference of any such Verdi6l and Judgment for Damages as aforesaid, or of any Agreement to be made as aforesaid, shall amount to £he Whole of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, or to the whole Produce of the Securities in which the same shall have been invested in manner aforesaid, with Interest on such Securities as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at any time after the Execution as aforesaid of such Deed of Conveyance and Surrender of the said Prisage and Butlerage from the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to pay and advance to the said William Morland, John Hofter % Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators or Amgns, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Two Third Parts of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds, upon receiving from the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory % and his said Trustees, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, such Security or Securities as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners as aforesaid shall think sufficient, fully and amply to indemnify the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners from and against all and every Claim and Claims of any and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to any Prisage or Butlerage of Wines in any Port or Place in Ireland, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, and from and against any Sum or Sums of Money, Damages or Coffs to be paid to any such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in Recompence of aay such Claim beyond the Amount of such Part of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds as shall not be paid and advanced to the said Trustees in manner aforesaid; sod in case it shall happen that any Sum or Sums of Money, Damages or Coffs to be paid on account of or ia recompence for any such Claim or Claims in consequence of any Verdi6l or Judgment or Agreement as hereinbefore mentioned, shall exceed the Amount of such Part of the said Sum of Two hundred and sixteen thousand Pounds as shall not be paid and advanced to the said Trustees; then, and in such Case, such Excess of the Sum and Sums so to be paid, with Interest thereon from the time of Payment thereof respectively, shall stand and be a Charge on all and every the Estates now vested in the said William Morland, John JHoJier, Charles Butler and Job Hart Price Clarke, under the aforesaid Acts of Parliament, or any of them* except such Part of the said Estates of the said Earl of Ormonde and OJfory as may be excepted from or oot included in the Security to be required by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissionert as aforesaid, in Priority to any Debts or Debt in the said Acts or any of them mentioned and provided to be paid as aforesaid which shall then remain unpaid, and shall and may be sued for and recovered thereout, with Interest and Cods, by and in the Karnes of the Commissioners or the Treasury of Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, by their said Name of Office respectively, either at Law or in Equity, in the same manner in all Respects as any Mortgagee in Fee Simple may proceed for Recovery of his Principal, Interest and Cods; and no Change of any of the said Commissioners pending any such Suit or Proceeding, shall iu any way affect the fame; and the net Sum recovered shall be paid into His Majesty's Treasury of Inland\ and shall become and be Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

CAP. CIL

An Act for the more effeduafly preventing the administering and taking of unlawful Otths in Ireland / and for the Protection of Magistrates and Witnesses in Criminal Cases.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS divert wicked and evil disposed Persons have from time to time attempted to seduce W several of His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, and to aflbeiate them under the pretended Obligations of Oaths unlawfully administered : Be it enacted by the Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons who at any time after the passing of this ABt shall administer or cause to be administered, tender or cause to be tendered, or be present aiding and assisting at the administering or tendering, or who shall by Threats, Proroifes, Persuasions, or other undue Means, cause, procure or induce to be taken by any Person or Persons in Ireland, upon a Book or otherwise, any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Person ojr Persons taking the tame to be of any Affodation, Brotherhood, Committee, Society or Confederacy whatsoever, in reafitv formed or to be formed for seditious Purposes, or to disturb the Publick Peace, or to injure the Pedon* or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or to compel any Person or Persons whatsoever, to do or omk or refofe to do any Act or Acts whatsoever, under whatever Name, Defoription or Pretence such Affiliation, Brotherhood, Committee, Society or Confederacy shall affutne or pretend to be formed or conflicted, or any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Person taking the feme to obey the Orders or Rules or Commands of any Committee or other Body of Men not lawfully constituted, or of any Captain, Leader or Commando: (not appointed by or under the Authority of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) or to assemble at the Desire and Command of any such Captain, Leader, Commander or Committee, or of any Person or Persons not having lawful Authority, or not to inform or give Evidence against any Brother, Aflbeiate, Confederate or other Person, or not to reveal or discover his or her having taken any illegal Oath, or not to reveal or discover any illegal Act doner to be done, or not to discover any illegal Oath or En^gement which may be administered or tendered to

Treasury, m Execution erf Conveyance may advance not cx-cecditig '/Vo Thirds of said ai6, 000l taking Indcmnityacpinft any Chim, Sic.

Administering or taking Oaths foe seditious Purpose*.

N — irfurewig.

Punishment.

Ireland, Pum(h- mcmu

Neeeflity not to justify Offender*, unless they g*ve Information to a Justice.

Alders and Abettors deemed Principals.

Purport of Oath sufficient in In -tli&ment.

Informations of Persons who shall lodge Examinations, and shall be murdered, Sic. admitted as Evidence.

Where a Witness, &c. maimed on account of Evidence, &c. Graml Jury may prt fentaSum lor inch Person, or 1 licit Representative.

Magi ft rat ps may arrell Strangers, and examine them on Oath, and transmit Report to Lord Lieutenant.

C. 102. 50° GEORGII III. D. 1816.

him or her, or the Import thereof, whether such Oath shall be afterward* so admiiwtered or tendered or not, or whether he or she shall take such Oath or enter into such Engagement or not, being by due Course of Law convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Ffclony and be transported for Life; and every Person who shall take, in Inland, any such Oath or Engagement, importing so to bind him or her as aforesaid, and being by due Course of Law thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years.

II. Provided always, That any Person or Persons who may have been compelled by inevitable Necessity to commit any of the Offences aforesaid, upon Proof of such inevitable Necessity, shall be excused and justified, provided that no such inevitable Necessity shall justify or excuse any such Person or Persons, unless he, she or they shall, within Ten Days, if not prevented by actual Force or Sicknofe, and then within Seven Days after such actual Force or Sickness shall cease to disable him, tier or them from giving Information of the fame, disclose to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the County in which he, she or they ftnll then be, by Information on Oath, the Whole of what he, she or they know touching the compelling him, her or them* to commit any such Offence, and of the Person or Persons by whom he, she or they were compelled to commit such Offence, and who were present at the time such Offence was committed, and of the Place where the fame was committed 1 Provided however, that no Person shall be so excluded from the Defence of inevitable Necessity, who shall be tried for the said Offence within the said Period of Ten Days from the Commission of such Offence, or of Seven Day* from the time when such Force or Sickness shall cease as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons present, aiding and assisting at the admtniftering or tendering of any such Oath or Engagement, and all Persons causing any such Oath or Engagement to be aammrffered or tendered, though not present, shall be deemed principal Offenders, and tried as such, though the Person or Persons who actually administered or tendered such Oath or Engagement shall not have been tried or convicted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Indictment to be found against any Person for administering, tendering or taking such Oath or Engagement, to set out the Words of such Oath or Engagement, and that it shall be sufficient to set forth therein the Purport or Object of such Oath or Engagement.

V. And whereas it has happened that Persons who have given Information against Persons accused of Crimes in Ireland, have been murdered before Trial of Persons accused, in order to prevent their giviag Evi- dence, and to effect the Acquittal of the Accused* Be it declared and enacted, That if any Person who hath given or shall give Information or Examination upon Oath against any Person or Persons for any Offence against the Laws. hath been or shall, before the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against whom such Information or Elimination hath been ar shall be given, be murdered or violently put to Death, or so maimed or forcibly carried away and secreted as not to be able to give Evidence on the Trial of the Person or Persons against whom such Information or Examination was given, the Information or Examination of such Person so takeu on Oath shall be admitted in aH Courts of Justice in Ireland as Evidence on the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively against whom such Information or Examination was given: Provided always, that the Information or Examination of a Witness secreted shall not be Evidence, unless it shall be found, on a collateral Issue, to be put to the Jury trying the Prisoner, that the Person so secreted was secreted by the Person then on Trial, or by some Person or Persons acting for him or her, or in his «w lier Favour.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear that any Person having given Information or Evidence against any Person or Persons charged with any Offence against the publick Peace, shall have been murdered or maimed previous to the Trial of the Person or Persons accused by such Information or Evidence, or of any of them, or on account of any such Evidence given, or that any Magistrate or other Peace Officer shall be murdered or maimed on account of his Exertions as such Magistrate or Peace Officer to bring Dif-turbers of the publick Peace to Justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a Town or County of a City within which such Murder or maiming lhafl have been committed respectively, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think just and reasonable to be paid to the personal Representative of such Witness, Magistrate or Peace Officer who shall be murdered, or to such Witness, Magistrate or Peace Officer who shall be maimed, having Regard to the Rank, Degree, Situation and Circumstances of such Witness, Magistrate or Peace Officer, to be raised on the County at large. Barony, Half Barony or Parish in which such Murder or maiming shall respectively have bear perpetrated, at the Discretion of such Grand Jury.

VII. And be it fuitlier enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland to arrest and bring before him, or cause to be arrested or brought before him, any Stranger, fojonrning or wandering, and to examine him or her on Oath respecting his or her Place of Abode, the Place from- whence he or she came, hi* or her manner of Livelihood, and his or her Object or Motive for remaining or coming into the County, City or Town in which he or she shall be found, and unless he or she shall answer to the

' Satisfaction of such Magistrate, or produce sufficient Security for his or her good Behaviour, such Magistrate shall commit him or her to Gaol or the House of Correction, there to remain until he or she shall find such Security as aforesaid, or until he or she shall be discharged by such Magistrate: Provided always, that such Magistrate shall, without Delay, after such Committal, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, a true and faithful Report of such Committal, and the Grounds and Reasons thereof, the Amount of Bail required, with the Examination of the Prisoner, and the Reasons alledged by him why lie or she should not be committed, which such Magistrate is required to take

down

A.D. 1810. 50 GEORGII III. C. iqs, 103.

dowi in Writing, in order that such Perfoit may be detained or discharged, st$ to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor* of Ireland for the time being may item right.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Magift rates of the adjacent Counties at large respectively to execute this Act within the several Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns in Ireland, except the County of the City of Dublin; and in like manner, that the several Magi-ft rates of Inch Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns shall have like Powers to execute this Act in the adjacent Counties at large.

IX. And be h further eroded. That all the Powers and Authorities given to, and all Duties required from Magistrate* of Counties at large, under and by this Act, shall be and are hereby given to and required from all Magistrates ef Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities in Ireland\

[Treble Costs.]

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Plaint or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted agasnft any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance and Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be brought or laid within the County where the Ad was committed; and such Person so sued may plead the General Issue of Not Guilty, and upon I due joined, may give this Act and the spectal Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, the Defendant shall recover

CAP. CHI.

An Act for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland\ and for re-eriacting such of the

Provisions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments.

[20th June 18.0.]

WHEREAS the Provisionsby Law established for building, repairing and regulating the different Pri-

fons in Ireland, have been found insufficient, and are comprized in several Acts of Parliament, some of which relate chiefly to other Subjects For Remedy whereof, Be it ennded by the King's M*oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, the several Acts and Parts of Acts of Parliament here following; (that is to say, an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Poor Prisoners 5 An Act passed in the Tenth Year of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating the Fen of the Marshai of the Four Courts, and for settling the Rates of Lodgings, end Redtefs of other Abufssin the said Marshalsea, and in the Mnrjhedfea of the City of Dublin; (o much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better Preventing the Severities and unjujl Exudions fir a 3ifed by Gaolers against their Prisoners, and for mere efficdually fusporting Prof editions at the Suit of the Crown in Cases of Felony and Treason* as relates to the Fees and Con-dud of Gaolers, and the Regulation and Improvement of Gaols; so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable Grand Juries so raise by Presentment Money for discharging the Rents of Court Hottfes, Gaols and Offices, for keeping the Records of the respediVe Counties, and for other Purbofes, as relates to the Gaols and Workhouses or Houses of Correction; an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preferring the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper; so much of an Act passed in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing and amending several temporary Statutes, as relates to the Allowance of Bread to Prisoners; so much of an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act for enforcing the due Execution of the Lavas nova in being, and for the tetter regulating the Publici Gaols and Prisons in this Kingdom, and providing necessary Accommodation for the Persons confined therein, and for the more effectual Admintjlration of Justice at Sessions, and by Justices of the Peace in Cities and Counties of Cities within this Kingdom, as relates to Gaols or Gaolers, or any Presentment for the fame; so much of an Act passed in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending arid rendering more effectual the Laws now in being, for regulating and managing the Public I Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom, as relates to the building, repairing and regulating Gaols or to Gaolers; so much of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening and repairing Publ'tck Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose, as relates to any Presentment for any of the Matters for which Preferments are authorized by this Act; an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act for amending and carrying more cjfedually into force the several Laws now in being for regulating the Publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom; 10 much of an Act passed in the said Year, intituled, An Act to enable the Grand Juries of the several Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns within this Kingdom, to grant such Sums as /ballbe necessary for building and repairing Bridewells therein, as relates to the building, repairing or Government of Bridewells, or as to the Accommodations therein or tb the Keepers thereof; lo much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the said first mentioned Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to any* Prisons or Medicines for the fame, or any Inspectors, Physicians or other Officers thereof; an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Marshalfra of the Four Courts in Dublin; so much of an Act passed hi the said Yetr, intituled, An Act respecting the Collection of PuHick Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Presentment, as relates to the rev

pairing of Gaols, and the Salary of the Chaplain or Ordinary of the New Prison in Dublin 5 and so much of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iatituled, An Act to promote the

building

*49

Magistrate* may

in adjacent Cimntiea, &c.

Power of Ad

extended to all Magistrate*.

Limitation of A&ioua.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costa.

17 & 18 C*r. 2.

(I.) C. 8.

10 W. 3. (I.) c. 9.

a G. 3 (I.) c ss.

7 G. 3. (I.) c. 4.

17 & 18 G. 3.

(I.) c. 28.

21 & 92 G. 3. (I.) C 40.

21 & 22G.3. (I.) C. 42.

2-1 &24G.3. (I.) C. 4J.

26G.3.J )c.!4.

26G.3.(T.) c. 27. 26G.3.(L)c. 45.

27 G.3. (I.jc. 39.

33G.3.(I.)c. 35. 33G.3.(I.)c. 36.

390.0.(1.)*. 33.

A.D. 181d.

49 G.a. c. XX.

Exeeptiotu

DtfUoA Apart-.jnanis and Yards stir difftrtnt vClafles of Pri-ioncn, and oilier Accommoda-. lions.

'Cxpenees of

building, &c. M&rfh&lfea of the Four Courts, and Penitentiary Houses and Rent paid out of Consolidated Fuad of {rei % ud.

Gaols, 8ce. paid by Prefcnimetus.

presentments in Dublin to be in addition to all .Others authorised by Law.

Lard Lieutenant to order enlarging, 8tc. of Maifhalfea, See.

Erpences for Couth yPrifons paid by Present-mctu onCouuuas,

C. 103. 50° GEORGII III.

building of new GaolIr, as relates to the building of Gaols; all which said Act* were passed in Ireland; and also so much of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to alter and amend an Act of Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act respecting the Collection of Publick Moneys to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Preferment > and for the better Regulation of the Mode of Election and Office oflreasurer of toe Publick Money of the City of Dublin, as relates to the Bills of Apothecaries for Medicines and Necessaries provided for Prisoners, or to any Presentment for the fame; shall be repealed: Save so far as the said Acts or any of them repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein; and also save and except as to any Proceeding for the Punishment of any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Offence or Offences which shall before the Commencement of this Act have been committed against any One or more of the said Acts 5 and also save and except that all and evory Presentment and Presentments made by any Grand Jury, and all and every Appointment or Appointments of any Officer or Officers or other Person to perform any Duties under the said recited Acts or any of them, and all and every Ad and Deed or Acts and Deeds which on or before the said Day shall have been lawfully made or done under or by virtue of any One or more of the said Acts, shall stand and be of the fame Force, Validity and Effect (unless herein expressly otherwise provided) as if this Act had not passed 5 and also save and except that all and every Medicines, Necessaries, Materials or Workmanship, which shall have been lawfully furnished or done under or by virtue of any One or more of the said Acts, shall be paid for in the same manner in all respects as if this Act had not passed.

II. And be it enacted, That every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, Marshalsea, Penitentiary House, Sheriff's Prison and other Prisons in Ireland> of what Nature or Kind soever the same shall be, shall consist of Two separate Parts, One for Male, and One for Female Prisoners, with a complete Division between them so as to prevent any Intercourse between the said Male and Female Prisoners; and that to each of the said Parts there shall be annexed and belonging a Yard of sufficient Dimensions to enable the said Prisoners to have the Benefit of fresh Air and Exercise therein; and that in every such Yard there shall be a Bath, and also a Necessary House or Privy to which such Prisoners respectively shall have free Access at all times as far as the fame can be confidently with the safe keeping of such Prisoners; and that there shall be in every such Yard a good Water Pump; and that in every such Prison there shall be a Common Hall or Kitchen for Males and another for Females 5 and that in every County Gaol there shall at the Male Side be Two Yards provided as aforesaid, .One for Debtors and King's Evidence and the other for Prisoners accusedof Crimes; and Three Common Halls, One for Debtors and King's Evidence, One for Persons charged with Treason or Felony and One for Persons charged with or convicted of inferior Offences; and that the Apartments for the Prisoners in every such Prison shall be dry and airy, and shall if possible be so numerous as to afford a separate Room or Cell for each Prisoner to (Jeep in, and that in every such Prison there shall be One or more Room or Rooms, Cell or Cells, according to the Size of such Prison, fit for the Reception and solitary Confinement of Persons of in-.faneMind, or of outrageous Behaviour, as also a Chapel or Room appropriated for Religious Purposee, and One or more Infirmary or Infirmaries, or Room or Rooms for the Reception of Sick Prisoners, with suitable Rooms or Closets belonging thereto respectively; and also One or more Room or Rooms fit for and which shall be appropriated to the Exercise of Trades and Industry; and it shall not be lawful to build any Gaol or other Prison in Ireland which shall not be on such a Plan and of such Dimensions as to afford all and every the

Accommodations and Advantages aforesaid respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the Expence of building, purchasing, procuring, altering, enlarging and repairing the Marshalsea of the Four Courts in Dublint and all and every Penitentiary House or Houses in Ireland shall be discharged, and all and every Rent payable for or in respect thereof, or of the Ground or Appurtenances thereof respectively, shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and the said Expeoces of all County Prisons, whether Gaols, Bridewells, Htfufes of Correction, Sheriffs' Prisons or otherwise, shall be.defrayed by the respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, by Presentments on the said Counties, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, to be made by the Grand Juries .thereof respectively 5 (to wit) in the County of Dublin* and County of the City of Dublin, at the presenting Terms, and in the other Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, at their respective Assizes, save as herein after particularly mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Presentments by this Act required to be made in the County and County of the City of Dublin for the Purposes of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may be paid and applied to the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Amount of any Presentments which may by Law be made in the said County and County of the City under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order and direct, whenever he or they shall think proper, that the said Marshalsea of the Four Courts shall be altered, enlarged or repaired, or that a New Marshalsea shall be built on the fame or any other Scite or Situation, and on any Plan comprizing the Accommodations and Advantages in that respect before mentioned, which he or they shall think proper, and in like manner that any Penitentiary Home or Houses shall be built, altered, enlarged or repaired at such time or times on such Plan or Plans comprizing the said Advantages, and in such Place or Places as he or they shall think proper, and to issue his , and their Order to the Board of Works for the executing of such Work accordingly, who shall cause the same to be executed according to such Order, in such way, whether by Contract or otherwise, as shall be directed by such Order, and for Default of such Direction, then in such way as the said Board shall think proper.

yj. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries aforesaid, at the Assizes and Presenting Terms respectively, and they are hereby required from time to time to enquire into the State of the

7 Gaols,

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. 103. 151

Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, and other Prisons of their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and if they shall fiud them or any of them in want of Repair or deficient in any of the Accommodations or Advantages aforesaid, they are hereby empowered and required to present such Sum or Sums as shall be deemed necessary to remedy such Deficiency, whether by eularging or altering the fame, or by providing a New Prison in lieu thereof, or by building any new and additional Bridewell or Bridewells or House or Houses of Correction, or to effectuate such Repair as may be necessary, and to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for building, rebuilding, finishing, repairing, altering or enlarging any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Com&ion, or other Prison as aforesaid, or any Buildings or Conveniences belonging thereto, at a certain Sum, Payment or Allowance for the fame, such Contractor or Contractors giving sufficient Security by Recognizance in double the Sum to be con traced for, and to be approved of by such Grand Jury for the due Performance thereof, to the respective Clerks of the Peace for such County, County of a City or County of a Town y and it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury at any Assizes or Presenting Term to present Pipe* to be laid One or more Main or Mains or Pipes, of such Bore or Bores as they shall think proper, to be laid in the most 'Iowa, convenient Line to convey Water to any such Gaol or other Prison whenever they shall find it possible and deem it expedient so to do, and shall have the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Water so to be conveyed, and accordingly at all times to convey Water through the fame, and to present such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for the Purpose, and also to present at each Spring Afftzes or Easter Term a reasonable Sum to be raised upon the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and paid as a Rent for the Use of the Water to be so conveyed, if the same shall be demanded: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons shall Traverse to Pre* think they may be injured by the passing of such Pipes or Watercourses through their Lands, they may at the said Term or Assizes or at the Term or Assizes immediately following, enter in open Court a Traverse to the said Presentment, and the Jury trying such Traverse shall true VerdiA give, whether any and what Damage will arise to the Person or Persons so traversing, and the VerdiA so found shall be conclusive to the Party or Parties, and either in the fame or the next succeeding Term or Assizes the Grand Jury of the said County,

County of fc City, or County of a Town, may present such Sum so found, to be raised upon the County at large

and paid to such Traverser or Traversers; and upon the Sum so found being paid or tendered, it shall be "S|, m r<Hin*l

lawful for the Overseers or Persons employed by them, to proceed to cause the said Main or Pipe to be Gra!"J jUI*

hud or Watercourse to be made; and if any Person or Persons shall at any time obstruct the Overseers or the tcu£, erc

Person or Persons employed in laying such Main or Pipe or making such Watercourse, and shall be cdnvicted

thereof before any One Justice of the Peace for the said County, County of a City or County of a Town,

either upon Confession of the Party accused or upon the Oath of One credible Witness, every such Person

shall, for any- such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the County, County penalty#

of a City or County of a Town, to be by him placed to the Credit of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons lo offending,

upon the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace before whem Complaint shall be made.

VII. And, the better to preserve such Pipe, Main or Watercourse, when laid or made, Be it enacted, That Damaging Pij>er. if any Person or Persons (hill wilfully destroy or inju*-e any Part of the said Pipe or Main or Watercourse, or

of any Pipe, Main or Watercourse, through which Water shall be conveyed to any Prison in Ireland^ or to any

of the Yards or Buildings thereto belonging, so as to prevent the Water from regularly and fully flowing to

the fame, or shall iniert any Cock or Pipe into any Part of such Main, or make any Cut to divert the Water

thereof to any other Purpose, and shall upon Indictment be conviffced thereof, he or they shall be committed '

to the County Gaol, and shall therein remain in close Confinement for One Year, or until he or she shall pay a Pendty*, -

Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Half thereof to the Treasurer of the County, to be by him placed to the Credit of the County, and the other Half to the Person or Persons who shall difoover and cause the said Offender or<

Offenders to be convicted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend to authorize Plan offlu»l<!: n^ any such Grand Jury or Grand Juries, and that it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to begin to build or to he ap|m>v«*V rebuild any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or any other Prison, until the Plan and Scite thereof, by Lord Li«ut«-and also the Contract or Contradls upon which the fame is proposed to be built or rebuilt, shall have been pne- "u, # viously agreed to and approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland

for the time being, and that it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury to vary or depart from the Plan so agreed to and approved

IX. And be it enacted, That all Bridewells which shall be built, repaired, purchased or taken at a Rent Bridewells, under this Act, (Hall be deemed and taken to be County Bridewells to all Intents and Purpose*, as if built tinder

the Provisions of any of the A&» hereby entirely or in Part repealed.

X And whereas Fires or other sudden Accidents may happen in any of the said Gads, Bridewells, Ho# Gaol* re-Houses of Correction, or other Prisons, and in such case it may be necessary that such Gaol, Bridewell, m

House of Correction, or other Prison, should be repaired before there can be any Opportunity to make ActWe, u* Provision for the same as aforesaid; Be it enacted, That in case any'Fire or other sudden Accident shall happen in aoy of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, or other Prisons aforesaid, it shall and may be hwfal lo and for the High Sheriff or Sheriffs of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to cause an Estimate and Valuation to be then forthwith made of the Sum necessary to be expended on scho Repair and Preservation of such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, and that thereupon it Qull and may be lawful for any Three or more JtUHces et the Peace for such County, County of a City or Jvftkvi of Peace County of a Town, fter having jointly inspected the said Damage, to make an Order under their Hands and maWOokr.

Seals on the Treasurer of such County, Cotmty f a City or County of a Town, to pay or advance to any Person or Persons fpt citied in such Order, such Sum or Sums as may be necessary to complete such Repair, not exceeding the Sum of Oae hundred Pounds, which Sum or Sums the said Treasurer is hereby required to

Presentment for Rent of Gaols, &c.

Ek pence* pre-fen led and raised by Half-yearly Instalmenu.

Lord Lieutenant to advance to Treasurcis of Counties the Sums presented, to be repaid out of such Iuftal-ments.

Appointment of C'ommissionera of Work*.

Grand June* may make Contrails.

Grand .furies may rent or purchase Housea, Grounds, &c. adjoining, to enlarge Gaols, &c<

C. 103. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

pay, provided he has in his Hands Money of the said County, County of a City or County of a Town, sufficient for that Purpose, which Sum so paid shall be replaced by Preferment to be made for that Purpose, in manner aforesaid, at the first Opportunity which shall occur after the Payment thereof.

XI. And be it enacted, That in every County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which a certain Rent is or shall be payable for the Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison of such Cou ty. County of a City or County of a Town, or any Part thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, the Grand Juries of such Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns respectively. at their Assizes or Presenting Term, shall present yearly such Rents to be raised upon their respective Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns; and the Money so presented and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be raised and paid to such Persons to whom such Rents are or shall be respectively payable, without any Deduction whatsoever.

XII. And be it enacted, That if at any time it shall be thought proper to build a new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, and the Sum which shall be necessary for that Purpose shall be greater than it may be proper to raise on any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in One Hall Year, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful to present in the first Inltance the whole Sum to be expended therein; and to aired in and by such Presentment that the same shall be taised on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, by any Half-yearly or yearly Sums or Instalments, in manner and at the times therein specified, and the same shall be so raised accordingly: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any subsequent Grand Jury to present that any of the said Instalments shall be increased to any Sum that shall be found necessary or proper.

XIII. And, for the more speedy Completion of any such Work, Be it enacted, That as soon as such Presentment shall be made, or at any time or times after the making of such Presentment, and before the Completion of such Work, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if he or they shall think proper so to do, to cause to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, on the Faith of such Presentment, the whole of the Sum so presented, or so much thereof as shall not have been raised or received at the time of such Advance, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof; such Sum or Sums to be applied by such Treasurer to the Purposes of such Presentment, in the same manner in all Respects as if the fame had been raised by or under the fame, and to be repaid by such Treasurer for the time being to the Collector of Excise of the District, but without Interest, out of such Instalment or Instalments as may be specified at the ti e of advancing the fame, a Certificate whereof shall be given without Stamp by such Treasurer at the time of receiving such Money; and that if any Person or Persons shall at any time think proper to advance any such Sum or Sums on the said Terms, then, and in every such Cast, such Treasurer for the time being shall give to every Person so making such Advance, a Certificate of such Advance without any Stamp, dating therein out of what yearly or Half-yearly Instalment or Instalments, and in what Proportions, if in more than One Instalment, the fame is to be repaid; and the same shall be so repaid accordingly by such Treasurer for the time being, to such Person, his Executors or Administrators.

XIV. And be it enacted, That when any Presentment shall be made for building, enlarging or altering any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury making such Presentment, to appoint not less than Six nor more than Twelve Persons to be Commissioners for can sing the said Presentment to be carried into Execution and Effect; and if they shall not do so, or if any of the Persons so appointed finll die, or shall cease to act as such Commissioner before such Work shall be completed, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for any succeeding Grand Jury to appoint such Commissioners, or to complete the Number thereof, as the case may

'require, or to add to the fame, but so as that there shall not at any one Time be more than Twelve such Commissioners; and any Three or more of such Commissioners shall be in all Cafe3 competent to do any Ad which the Whole of the said Commissioners could or might lawfully do.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners after such Presentment made as aforesaid shall give Notice of such Presentment having been made Three Times at least in some publick Newspaper circulating in or near the County, County of a City or County of a Town, of their Intention of contradidg with any Person or Persons for building, rebuilding, repairing, finishing, altering or enlarging any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, or for the laying such Main or Pipe to such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison as aforesaid, or for doing any Part or Parts of any such Work, and every such Contract or Contracts shall be made at the most reasonable Price or Prices which shall be proposed by such Contrador or Cor.tradors, as shall be deemed by the said Commissioners the most proper and reiponfible Persons to carry such Contract or Contracts into Execution respectively 5 and all Contract or Contracts when agreed upon and confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant in manner aforesaid, shall be entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in a Book to be kept by the said Commissioners, which Book, when such Works are completed, shall by the said Clerk to the Commissioners be delivered to the respective Clerks of the Peace for the time being, who are hereby required to keep the fame among the Records of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be from time to time inspected at all reasonable Times by any Grand Jurors in their respective Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or by any Person or Persons employed or to be employed by or on Behalf of any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, without Fee or Reward.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all and every the Grand Juries aforesaid, after Presentment made as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to rent or purchase any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which may be necessary for the Scit-e of such new Gaol or other Prison or adjoining to such.old Gaol or other Prison, for the Purpose of enlarging the fame, or the Courts or Outlets thereunto belonging,

and

*53

A.D. 1810. 50b GEORGII III. C. 103.

and to direct the Houses Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so rented or purchased, to be conveyed to such Commissioners as the said Grand Jury or Grand Juries shall have so appointed as afore-Caid, and to their Heirs, Executors, A^piinistrators and Assigns, in trust and for the tiles and Purposes aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Trustees, Guardians of Infants, Committees of Lunaticks or Idiots, Femes Covert with their Hu/baiids, and all other Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seised or pofftrffed of, interested in, or entitled unto any Ellate ar Interest in any manner whatsoever in the Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings, which by the said Grand Juries respectively shall be thought necessary to be rented or purchased, for any of the Purposes of this Act, by Deeds indented and inrolled, to demise, sell and convey all or any such Ground?, Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings, or any Part thereof, and all the respective Estates and Interests therein, to the said Commissioners and their Heirs and Successors 5 and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made by fucfi Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Commissioners and their Heirs and Successors shall be Trustees of all such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be conveyed to or vested in them, under or by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes herein provided, and no other.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons having or claiming to have any Estate, Title, Term or Interest in or to such Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Edifices, Erections or Buildings as aforesaid, or any Charge, Lien or Incumbrance thereon, shall refuse to agree with the said Grand Juries respectively, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Rights, Terms and Interests therein, or shall not produce or evince a clear Title to fnen Estate, Rights, Titles, Terms or InterefL, as they shall or may so claim, or if the said Grand Juries respectively shall be ignorant who are entitled to the fame, then, and in every or any such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized from time to time to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial Persons qualified to serve on Juries Hot less than Sixty, out of which Persons so to be empanneled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn, by some Person to be by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Four Courts at Dublin, by an Act made in Ireland in the Twenty ninth Ye?ir of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Juries, are directed to be drawn, which Persons so to be empanneled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, till discharged by them; and all Persons concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at* Liberty to challenge the Array.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Trials by Juries before the said Commissionei s, or any Thrceor more of them, where a full Jury shall not appear before them, or where, after the Appearance of a full Jury, it shall so happen, either by means of Challenges or otherwise, that there shall be a Default of Twelve Jurors for such Trial, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to command the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to empannel so many other Persons as shall make up a full Jury of Twelve Men, which Persons so to be empanneled shall be added to the former Pannel; and all Parties interested in such Trials shall have their Challenges to the Jurors so added to the former Pannel as if they had been originally summoned; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses before them, on their Oath or Orftlis, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, if they shall think fit, shall and may likewise authorize and require the said Jury to view the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Buildings iutenued to be valued or purchased; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day and Place to Place, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until the Business for which they shall be. so fnmmdned by virtue of this Act shall be concluded; and the said Jury shall upon their.Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and empowered to administer) fairly, truly and impartially esquire of the Value of such Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Buildings, and of the respective Ellate* Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Person or Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall afiefa or award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons for the rurchafe of such their respective Estates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interests, and shall also esquire, ascertain and lind all and all manner of Charges and Incumbrances and Liens thereon, and the Amount of the Sum or Sums due thereon respectively, and what Estate and Eftatos therein arc subject to any such Liens or Charge; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may give Judgment for such Sum and Sums so to be assessed as and for the Value of the said several Estates in the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and for the Payment thereof respectively in manner herein after mentioned 5 which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment, Decree or Deterniination thereupon (Notice in Writing being first given to 50 Geo. III. X the

Persons inter-efted may fell.

Jury furamoue4 if Refusal to fell, &c.

Panoel.

29 G. 2. {I.)

c. 6.

J an men may he cha.knged, but not the Array.

On default of Twelve Jurors, mhrrs summoned.

Li her 1 y of calling Wiiucfles.

Commissioners may authorize Jury to view.

Power of Act-r joummeat.

N.iice,

k*

A.D. 1810.

*54

l*.»rty noi found.

Juil^mcn's writ-ton o» IWh-mtitt.

Pn* codings rc"

g'iitrcd.

Conveyance mad© on Payment

When Tu!« not elo.r, &c. Pur-ohaft Morey lo Uye-H it. Bank of lrrhud.

Court of Chancery toctetentire Claims.

F.nJl

Femes Covert fcifnl in l ee Simple, &.C.

C. 103; 50° GEORGII III.

the Person or Persons interested, at lead Fourteen Days befo* the time of the First Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the Time and Place of such Meeting of the Commissioners and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their \jfual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Houses, Buildings or Ground intended to be valued or assessed, in case such Party shall nQt be known or cannot be found in the County, County of a City or County of a Town, and also in the Dublin Gazette) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert and Persons under any legal Disability, and against all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, his, her or their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Ad-mmistrators having or claiming to have or claim any Estate, Right, Trust, Use or interest in, to or out of the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Buildings and Premises, either in Possession or Rtversion, Remainder or Expectancy, or in any manner whatsoever, or any Charge, Lien or Incumbrance thereon; which said Ver-di&s, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and such Judgments, to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by the major Part of the said Commissioners who were present and pronounced such Judgments and Decrees; and all Verdicts of the said Juries, and all Judgments, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners, shall be entered in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good Evidence thereof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sura and Sums of Money so to be awarded and adjudged as follows 5 (that is to say) First, in or towards the Payment and Discharge of the Sums due on the said Charges, Incumbrances and Liens, if any so found, to affect the several Estates therein respectively, and then to the Owners of the said Estates respectively, if any shall remain for that Purpose, that the Person or Persons who shall be (0 found and adjudged to be the Owners of the said several Estates of and in the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Buildings respectively, and also the Owners of the said Incumbrances* Charges and Liens respectively, shall make and execute or procure to be made and executed to the said Commissioners and their Heirs and Successors a good and sufficient Conveyance or Conveyances, thereby granting, releasing or assigning to them the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Buildings, and all such Estate, Right, Title, Term or interest therein, or Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon so awarded as aforesaid; and in case such Person or Persons shall not be able to evince his, her or their Title to the Premises, or to any such Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, or make or procure or be made such valid and legal Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do, being thereunto required, and such Sum or Sums so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, being tendered to be paid in manner aforesaid, on their making such Title and executing or procuring to be executed such Conveyance or Conveyances as aforesaid, or in case such Person or Persons cannot be found in the said County, or in case, by reason of Disputes or Differences, or for Defect of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners or Jury what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in question, or to any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, or whether any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien appearing to them by the Registry or otherwise to have existed, remains either in the whole or in part in force or undischarged, then, and in every such case, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to pay into and deposit in the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery of Ireland the Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as the Value of and Purchase Money for the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Buildings, or any particular Estate or Interest therein 5 and the said Court of Chancery is hereby empowered in a summary way, upon the several Petitions of the respective Parties, to hear, judge of and determine, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath as by all Ways and Means which the said Court shall think proper, the several Rights, Claims and Demands of all Persons interested in or unto the several Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Buildings which shall be so valued and of which the Price shall be so paid into the said Bank, and also of all Persons having or claiming to have any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon as aforesaid, and to ascertain and make Orders for the Payment unto such Person and Persons respectively, according to their several Interests, Estates «vjid Claims aforesaid, 2s the said Court of Chancery shall judge fit, without any Deduction for Poundage, which Orders in such case shall be final and conclusive upon all Persons and Bodies whatsoever; and immediately upon such Payments and Entry of such Verdicts of the said Juries, and Judgments and Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the said Grounds, Houses, Tenements, Buildings and Premises shall vest in the said Commissioners and their Heirs, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seiiin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Puroofes whatsoever, as fully and eflldually as if every Person Having any Estate in the Tremifes in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or Exptdancy, or any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, was of full Age and of found Mind and Memory, and had actually and duly conveyed the same to the said Trustees by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery and Seifm, Fine and Recovery, or by any ether legal Conveyance whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Feme Covert is or shall be Lift'd in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, or of any Inlereft in the fame, or of any Charge, Incumbrance or Lien thereon, to her separate Use, free from the Controul or Intermeddling of her Husband, the Purchase Money to which such Feme Covert shall become or be entitled as aforesaid, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as (he shall in Writing under Her Handjiominate to receive the same, in trust to be* rc-invested in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be cor»veyedvas aforesaid, and settled for such Use, Estate and interest as the fame Feme Covert had in the Pre-U)jfe* so purchasedL

XXII. Provided, nevertheless, and be it enacted, That where any such Charge, Incumbrance or Lien shall

8.also

A.D. 1816. 50° GEORGII III. C. 103.

adfo extend over and be 1 Charge, Incumbrance or Lien on any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments other than those which shall be To conveyed to or vetted in the said Commissioners, then, and in such case, neither this Act nor any Conveyance to be made as aforesaid, shall in any Respect discharge, affect or alter the Force, Validity or Effectof such Charge, Incumbrance or Lien so far as relates to such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but that as to all such the same shall continue to be a good, valid and fubfitting Charge, Incumbrance and JJen for so much thereof as shall remain unpaid, in the same manner in all respects as if this Act or anything done under the fame had not exitted, but not further or otherwise.

XXIII. And bcit further enpfted. That the Conveyance of any Ettate or Interest to the said Commissioners and their Heirs and Successors, by Bargain and Sale, and inrolled in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, within Six Months after making thereof, shall as effectually and abl'olutely convey the Ettate of the Person so conveying as any Fine or Recovery would or could do if levied or suffered in due Form of Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year or from Year to Year only, in Possession of any such Grounds, Houses or Buildings, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises immediately to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint to take possession of the fame, in case the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or such PeiTon authorized by them, shall pay or tender to him, her or them, Six Months Rent of the said Premises, at the Rate payable by such Tenant for his entire Holding, or in case the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall give him, her or them Six Months Notice to quit such Possession of such Part, in the same manner as the Landlord of such 'Tenant might give him Notice to quit Possession of the entire Holding, then such Person or Persons in Possession, shall, at the End of the said Six Months, at whatever timeof the Year the same shall be, or as soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to any" other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to take PoflVffion thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give up Possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any "Three or more of them as aforesaid, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Tenements shall be, commanding him or them by virtue of this Act to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person as shall io such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff or Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver such Possession of the said Premises accordingly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money or other Recompence, Consideration or Satisfaction to be paid and made pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, and all such Cods, Charges and Expences, as the said Commissioners or their Heirs or Successors, or any of them shall be at, or put to, in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers hereby vetted in them, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, out of the Sums fopresented as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or mny Three or more of them, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds on any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, who shall make default in the Premises, and on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned and Returned on any such Jury or Juries who shall not appear, and also on any Witness or Witnesses who shall not attend, or shall refuse to be fworo or to give Evidence to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or to any Jury so impannelled before them, and on any Person or Persons summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries w ho shall refuse to be sworn on any such Jury or Juries, or to give his, her or their Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully avoid or neglect his or their Duty in or touching the Premises, and front time to time to levy such Fine or Fines by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, as the Case may require, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and all such Fines which shall be so recovered and received shall be applied to the Purpose of such Presentment.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Thiee or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, under their Hands and Seals, to tiominate and appoint such Person to be and ad as their Clerk as they shall think fit, for such Matters as may be necessary to be done in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioners, provided that no such Clerk shall at any time be a Commissioner under this Act, and that such Clerk shall from time to time be removable, and may be removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may make such Allowance or Salary unto such Clerk for his Care and Pains in the Execution of his said Office or Offices out of the Money so presented, as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable, not exceeding in any One Year Thirty Pounds: Provided always, that as soon as the Building or other Work for which such Commissioners shall have been so appointed as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Accounts of the fame finally passed, then, and in every such case, the Office, Appointments and Powers of the said Commissioners and of such Clerks shall cease and determine.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That where a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds shall be duly presented as aforesaid for building any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison or any Addition thereto, or for making any Alterations or Repairs therein, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury at the fame or any subsequent Afiizcg or Term, to present that such Part of the Snm so presented as they mav judge proper,

X 2'shall

*55

Conveyance

inrolled.

Tenant ut Will, fce. 10 Ueiiver up

PofeKion.

Refilling.

Procceu.ng*.

Cost?, &. c. piif 1 by CpfnmilHoner* allowed.

Sheriff, 8tc. tnakj tug Default. j

Penally.

CommiiHonm to appoint a Clerk.

Salary.

[Proviso.]

Sum* to be raid

in advance to Comudflkmcn.

A.D. 1810.

omralffiorteK to recount.

Approved by Grand Jury, &c.

CororaiflioniTs may raise Gravel.

Pdfoners to be rrmoved to new Gaols when built.

Prisoner* to be removed during Repairs, &c. of Priivns.

Places of Removal certified.

Gaols br.ilt, or Additions thereto, to be deemed belonging to County wherein fuuaicd.

C. 103. 50° GEORGII III.

shall be paid in advance to the said Commissioners so appointed to conduflf the Execution of such Works, or any One or more of them, upon his or their entering into a Recognizance before the Court in double the Stun so to be advanced, conditioned that he or they shall apply the Money so to be advanced for the Purposes for which the fame was so presented and none other, and that he or they shall, at the next and every succeeding Affixes or Term respectively, justly and fairly account for the fame according to Law, until the whole of such Money shall be finally accounted for, and that he or they, or his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall at any time pay to the Treasurer for the time being of the said County, County of a City or County of a Town, any Balance or Part of such Money which shall not by such Accountant appear to have been applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners shall, at every ensuing Affixes or Term as aforesaid, lay before the Grand Jury and the Court a just and fair Account in Writing of all and every Expenditure and Expenditures of such Money so to be advanced to them, and the particular Purposes for which the fame was expended, and the Quantities and Price of each Material bought therewith; and such Account shall be verified by Affidavit in Writing at the Foot thereof, to be made in open Court by One of the said Commissioners, and shall date that the whole of the Money was so expended for the sole Purpose of executing the Work so presented pursuant to the Presentment thereof; and when any such Work shall be finished, and the Accounts of the said Commissioners approved of and passed by the Grand Jury and the Court, it shall be ordered that all such Recoguizances so entered into shall be vacated on the last Day of the next Affixes or Term, and they shall be vacated accordingly, unless upon some sufficient Complaint laid before the Court or the Grand Jury sufficient Cause shall appear to induce the Court to make an Order to the contrary; and provided if there be any Balance unexpended, a Certificate of the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, shall be laid before the Grand Jury and the Court, setting forth that he had received the said Balance and applied it to the Credit of the County, County of a City or County of a Town.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioners or other Persons duly authorized or employed in or for the building, altering, enlarging or repairing any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison in Ireland, or any of the Appurtena ces thereof, shall, for such Purpose, have all and singular the fame Powers of raising and carrying away Sand, Gravel, Stones, Earth or other Materials as are or shall from time to time be given by any Laws or Law in Force in Ireland, to the Overseers of the publick Roads, and subject to the fame Regulations and Restrictions.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any new Gaol, or other Prison so to be built and erected as aforesaid, shall be made fit for the Reception and safe keeping of such Prisoners as may be lawfully confined and imprisoned therein, and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or to either of such Sheriffs where there shall be Two, it shall and m3y be lawful for the said Sheriff or Sheriffs to remove to such new Gaol all such Prisoners as shall be then in Custody, who may lawfully be confined and imprisoned therein.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any Affixes or Term it shall be ordered by the Court of King's Bench or Judges or Judge of Assize, that the Prisoners confined In any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, or any of them, shall be removed for the Purpose of repairing such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Corr*&ion or other Prison, or of using the Materials thereof, in building a new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, pursuant to any Presentment for such Purpose, or whenever on any sudden Accident an Order shall be made by Three Justices of the Peace as aforesaid for the Repairs of such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, and such Order shall direct the Removal vf the Prisoners therein or any of them for the Purposes of making such Repair; then, and in any of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff or Sheriffs of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to remove such Prisoners to any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison belonging to such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or to such other Place or Places as, with the Consent of the said Sheriff, shall be specified in any such Order, and to confine them during the time such new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison shall be building, or old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison repairing; and when any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison so under Repairs shall be made fit for the Reception and Safekeeping of such Prisoners, and the same shall be certified by the Commissioners thereof, if any, or any Two of them, or by any Three Justices of the Peace of such County, then it shall be lawful for the said Sheriff to remove thither all such Prisoners as shall be then in his Custody, and may lawfully be confined and be imprisoned therein; and the Expence of such Removal or Removals in any of the Cases aforesaid, and any Expence the said Sheriff shall be put to, for or by means of the safe Custody of the said Prisoners or any of them in such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, to which they may have been removed for any of the temporary Purposes aforesaid, shall be allowed and paid by such County, County of a City or County of a Town; and any such Removal or Removals shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, so to be built and erected, for any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison thereof, which shall require any Addition thereto, shall be or be fitudte within the Limits of any other County, County of a City or County of a Town, then, and in every such Case, such new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Gorrection or other Prison, and all Additions which shall be so made to such old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, together with the Ground whereon the fume shall be bui't respectively, and all Courts, Yards, Out-offices, Buildings, and other Appurtenances thereto belonging, shall, from the time of receiving Prisoners into such new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Cor* rjction or other Prison, or of completing such Addition, be deemed, taken and adjudged to be Part of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to which such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or

other

A.D. 181

5o* GEORGII III. C. 103.

other Prison shall belong/ to all Intents and Purposes; and when so ever any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Cor* re6tion or other Prison of any County, shall ccafe to be a Prison of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, and shall be situate within the Limits of any other County, County of a City or County of a Town, then, and in every such Case, such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, with all its Appurtenances, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be Part of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein the same shall be so situate 5 any Charter, Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That after any new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison shall be erected and made fit for Reception of Prisoners, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the v .tv, County of a City or County of a Town, at any Assizesor Presenting Term, with the Consent of the to present the old Gaol, Bridewe ll, House of Correction or other Prison, and the Ground or Soil thereof, to be sold by publick Cant, for such Estate or Interest as such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Person or Persons in trust for the fame, possess therein 5 and the Money arising from such Sale shall be paid to the County Treasurer for the Use of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, or it shall be lawful for the said Grand Jury to present the said old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison to be a Bridewell, Workhouse, House of Industry, or House of Correction or other Prison of any other Description for the said County.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear that Land has been given for the Scite of any old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, without regular Conveyance of Title, or that the Deeds of Conveyance have been loll or destroyed, or that by the Decease of Trustees or the Heirs of the forming Trustee, or from any other Cause, no Person exills qualified to convey the legal Title to such old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Com*Cti'»n or other Prison, to any Purchaser, then, and in such Case, if the Gaol or Premises to be hid as aforesaid have been used as a Gaol for at lead Seven Year., the Commissioners appointed according to this Act for the Purchase of a new Scite for a Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison, shall be deemed and are hereby conilituted legal Owners of the old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison, in Fee or Fee Tail, or for such Term or Time as the fame was originally granted for; and if no such Grant is known to have existed, then hi Fee Simple, upon trull however to contract with a Purchaser and sell the same, and execute all Deeds and Conveyances neerfiary for that Purpose, and give a furnctcot Receipt for the Purchase Money: Provided always, that inch old Gaol, Bridewell, House of Cor* ration or other Prison shall be sold to the bell Bidder, after having been advertised for that Purpose in the Dublin Gazette or some other Dullin Newspaper lor Three Months at lea lb before the Terms of Sale shall be accepted, which A dvertisements the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town shall cause to be inserted and paid for, and for which he shall be repaid with lawful Interest, together with all Costs and Charges, out of the first Monies produced by such Sale; and after deducting such Money, and also the Expence attending the Sale, the Money produced thereby shall be applied to the Purchase of the new Scite, and to building the new Gaol, Bridewell, House or Correction of other Prison.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That when the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction or other Prisons of Two Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, shall have been united and joined, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the said Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or either of them, to present such Sums as they shall think fit for the building a new Gaol or Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of CovreoiOB or other Prisons, for the said Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, or either of them, either together or separately, as the said Grand Juries respoClively shall think proper, in the same manner in all respects; and the respective Parts thereby shall be subject to all the same Rules, Conditions and Consequences as if Hie fame were separate.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That whenever an Order shall be issued in manner aforesaid to the Board of Works for the building or enlarging of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts, or any Penitentiary House or Houses a id, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoint any Number of Persons 1, nor more than Twelve, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of directing and superintending such Work, and to till up from time to time in like manner all Vacancies that shall occur amongst the said Commissioners by Death, Resignation or otherwise; and that the said Commissioners so appointed shall have all Sod every the like Powers in all reipccts as to making Purchaser, empaunclling-Juries, pronouncing Judgments, and all and every other the Matters and Things aforesaid; and all Tilings done by them or any other Person or Persons or Court, in pursuance of or under and in obedience to their laid Powers, shall be of the like Force, V lidity and Effect in all respects whatsoever, as concerning the Commissioners appointed by the said Grand J .r es, or any Proceedings by or before them, is hereinbefore enabled.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of King's Bench is Term Time, and to and for any Judge of the said Court in Vacation, either on the finishing of a new MaHbatfea of the Four Courts, or 011 occasion of or for the Purpose of repairing such Prison, or on occasion of any infectious Disorder or sudden Accident, or on or for any other Reason, Purpose or Occasion of a like Nature in any-respect, which such Court or Judge shall deem to be sufficient to order that the Prisoners in such Marshalsea, <>r any One or more of them, shall be removed to any other Prison specified in such Order, the e to r main u.:il difenafged by due Course of Law, or until removed therefrom by another Order of the like Nature, or remanded to the said Marshalsea; and any such Removal shall not be deemed to be an Escape.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate or Politick, shall by t!i< j: 1 In or a: .y oti.tr P.-rfon in trull fur them, give, take or receive any Fee, Money or Gratuity, or other valuable or beneficial Consideration whatsoever, or any Promise thereof, for or in respect of the Appointment,

a Nomination

l57

When new Gaols are built, olii ones 10 be (old.

Purchase Money paii! to County Treasurer.

How Commissioners to act where no regular Conveyance of Tile, or where Deeds loft, ixe."

[Proviso.]

Goals of Two Counties prefer* ted for, either together or separately.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Cora* miilioners to fuiuriiitend

Works of Marshalsea Four Courts and Penitentiary Houses.

Judges may order Removal ol Prisoners in Marshalsea Courts.

Taking l ee f. r Appointment of Glc Ivl.

Penally.

Salary 1 o Ciaolria.

[Proviso.]

Keepers of Pijfoils pr*>vi<l<d vd» Colics of

a a.

[Penalty.]

Inspe^Wt

«^>pojtiu.iL

To whom Preference "iveu.

Sa'ary t le: jailor*

(lrrk of the Crown U) uuke Return of PrisonMis to 4afpt'^ofs.

Appointment of Inspectur Central;

His Dufy.

C. 103. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Nomination or Recommendation of any Person or Persons whatsoever to be Keeper of any Prison in Ireland, or to hold any Office under Such Keeper, or knowingly appoint or cause or procure to be appointed-any Person or Persons to such Office, for or in respect of any Fee, Money, Gratuity or other valuable Consideration whatever given or promised to* any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or in respect of such Appointment, or the obtaining of such Office; and each and every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum or Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, together with Double the Sum so given as aforesaid; One Moiety of such Forfeiture to be paid to the King, and the other with full Coils of Suit to the Informer, who shall by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record first sue for the same.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Grand Juries at the Presenting Terms in the County of Dublin, and County of the City of Dublin, and at the Affixes in all other Counties, Counties of Cities and Coui.ties of Towns in Ireland, are hereby empowered and authorized to appoint such Salaries and Allowances to the Several Keepers of Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction and other Prisons in their respective Counties Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and to their Affillants, as they shall think proper, and to alter the lame from time to time as they shall see occasion, and to direct such Salaries and Allowances to be paid by the Treasurer of such Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively; all such Salaries and Allowances to be raised by Preferment on the Said Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively: Provided always, that no Keeper of a Prison or his Afliltant shall be entitled to receive such Salary or Allowance, unless he shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Grand Jury that he hath complied with all and every of the Rules and Regulations which shall from time to time be provided by or under this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any lawful Authority whatsoever, for the Regulation of such Prison, or for the Conduct of the Keepers thereof.

XLI. And be it enacted, That every Keeper of any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison in Ireland, shall be and is hereby required to provide himself with One or more printed Copy or Copies of this present Act, and to keep and have the fame at all times ready to produce for the Inspection of any Magistrate or Magistrates, or other Person or Persons legally appointed, who shall at any tim£ visit or inspect such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or othe^ Prison, or enquire into the Conduct of such Keeper, under a Penalty of Five Pounds, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Person who shall inform thereof.

XLII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury of every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, with the Consent and Approbation of the Court or Judge at each Affixes and Preferring Term, to appoint an Inspector of Prisons for such County respectively, and also of every Bridewell, Sheriff's Prison, Marshalsea or House of Correction within any County of a City or of a Town (except as is herein after excepted); and every such Inspector shall be required to observe the several Regulations herein after mentioned, and to see the fame carried into Effect: Provided always, that in making any such Appointment as aforesaid by the Grand Juries, the Miniller or Curate of the Parish in which the County Gaol shall be situated, shall be preferred, if such Clergyman will accept such Appointment, and that there does not appear on Examination into the fame any just or reasonable Objection to such Clergyman; and provided a!so, that in case of Refusal on the Part of such Clergyman as aforesaidr a Physician or Surgeon resident in the Town or Parish in which such Gaol or other Prison shall be litmte respectively, shall be then preferred 5 and if such Surgeon or Physician shall also refuse to accept the said Office of Inspector, or shall be found untit for the fame, or if it shall appear that the Clergyman, Physician or Surgeon aforesaid, after having accepted the said Office, shall at any time neglect to execute or fulfil the Duties thereof, it shall and may be lawful to appoint any other fit and discreet Person, residing within One Mile of such Gaol or other Prison respectively, to be such Inspector as aforesaid in manner aforesaid respectively.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Grand Juries in Ireland, at any Assizea or Presenting Term respectively, after such Appointment, to present a reasonable Sum to be paid to every such County or other Inspector appointed as aforesaid, as a Recompence for the Care and Attendance necessary in the Execution of the several Duties of such Offices respectively: Provided it shall appear to them that such Inspector ha* duly and regnlarly executed the several Duties of his Office 5 which Sum or Sums the said Inspector shall be entitled to receive exclusive of any other Salary or Allowance which may be granted to him as Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon or Medical Assistant for visiting and attending the Prisoners confined in any of the Prisons of such County, County of a City or County of a Town.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown, and he is hereby required at each Assized and General Gaol Delivery, in every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, and at every Special Commission therein, and at every Qtiarter-Sessions, Term or Session of the Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the County of the City of Dublin, and the Clerk of the Peace is also hereby required to furniffi the Inspector of Prisons for the time being of the said County, County of a City and County of a Town, with a complete Schedule of the several Prisoners brought to Trial at each Assizes and General Gaol Delivery, and at each Special Commission, and at each and every Term or Commission of the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin respectively, and at each and every Quarter-Sessions, specifying the particular Crime of which each Prisoner was accused, and flaring the Sentence of the Judge oil each Trial, and whether the said several Sentences have been executed, or whether the Whole or any Part or Parts of them have been remitted; and the several Inspectora of Prisons are hereby required to report and transmit the fame in manner herein after directed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a tit and proper Person to be Inspector General of Prisons in Ireland, removeable however Xt the Will and Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Got vernor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; which Inspector General of Prisons shall visit every Prison

in

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. 103.

O

itv Ireland once at lead in every Twp Years, or oftener, if he shall think necessary, and also shall give his Advice A Alliance in choosing proper Plans and Situations where new Gaols and other Places of Confinement are to be creeled, and shall report in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, his Opinion as to the proper Scitc and Plan of every new Prison, and shall point out any Additions, A (relations or Improvements which he may deem requisite to be made in any of the Gaols or other Places of Confinement, for the Preservation of the Health of the Prisoners, and for the safe Ctfstody of the fame; and that he shall also receive Reports from the Inspectors of Gaols in the different Counties in Ireland\ and shall a'so arrange and digest the fame, or so much as shall have been duly transmitted to him, and annually transmit a full and accurate State and Aocoimt thereof to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or in his Absence to the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, and also to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, in London, in order that the same shall be laid before both Houics of Parliament in each and every Session of Parliament, and like-yife a separate Report of such Prisons as he shall have visited in Person, from the time of his next preceding Report respectively up to that Period; and in case any of the said Inspectors shall neglect to transmit their Reports to the Inspector General as herein directed, the said Inspector General shall (late the hfames of such luipedors who may have been guilty of such Neglect, in his said several Reports, and shall also report the Names of such Inspectors so negiecling, to the Court of King's Bench in Dublin; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to impose a Fine on any such Inspector so neglecting, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds ? And any such Inspector General of Prisons shall receive fudi Salary as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall appoint, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds by the Year, as a Remuneration for hb own Time and Trouble, and shall also provide a fit and proper Clerk, and a fit and proper Office in the City of Dublin, at which such Clerk shall constantly attend, and such Inspector shall receive a further yearly Sum not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds, to enable him to defray the Expence of providing such Clerk and Office, and shall also receive a further yearly Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounda for his travelling Expences in each Year; all which Sums shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, by order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the said Tnfpe&or General of Prisons shall have Power and he is hereby required to visit and inspect, as often as he shall think fit, all Mad Houses and Places where Idiots or Lunatics are confined, whether the fame be any publick Establishment, or kept for Profit by any private Individual, as well as all Gaols and Prisons throughout Ireland; and if any Person or Persons shall hinder, molest or prevent such Inspector General from visiting and inspecting any of the said Places of Confinement, such Person or Persons being duly convicted thereof upon Oath before any One Magistrate or Justice of Peace in the County where such Hindrance has been made, shall, for every such Offence, be fined in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, at the Discretiou of such Magistrate, and thereupon such Person f» convicted shall, by the Warrant of such Magistrate, be imprisoned in the Common Gaol of the County for Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine be sooner paid.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury in Ireland\ and they are hereby required, at any Affixes or Presenting Term, to appoint a proper and discreet Person, being duly ordained in the Holy Orders and of the Established Church, to be Chaplain of the several Gaols, Bridewells* Houses of Cor region or other Prisons of and in their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns; and it shall and may be lawful for every such Grand Jury, if they shall be so required by the Court, also to appoint a proper and discreet Person, being a Protestant Dissenting Minister, to be Protestant Dissenting Chaplain thereof; and also if they shall be so required by the Court, to appoint a Pried or Clergyman of the Roman Catholick Church to be Roman Catholics Chaplain thereof: Provided always, that every Person so appointed shall be approved of by the Court.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Chiphin shall read Prayers in the said Gaols, Bridewells, Ikiktef Corre£Hon or other Prisons respectively for which he shall be appointed, on every Sunday in the Year* to wit, the Protestant Chaplain of the Established Church to such of the Prisoners as shall be Protestants of the Established Church, and the Protestant Dissenting Minister to such of the Prisoners as shall be Protestant Dissenters, and the Roman Catholick Chaplain to such of the Prisoners as shall be Roman Catholick*; and that every such Chaplain shall likewise visit each of the said Prisons Twice at least in every Week, exclusive of his Attendance on Sunday, that on such Vilits he shall go into every Room and Cell in the Prison wherein any Prisoner so within his Charge shall be confined, and converse with and exhort such of the (laid Prisoners respectively as are willing to listen to his Admonitions; and that each of the said Chaplains shall attend every Malefactor in their respective Prisons who shall be within his Charge as aforesaid, or who may desire his Assistance previous to and at the time of his Execution, in order to administer to such Prisoner or Prisoners the Fun£lions of his Holy Office; and that every such Chaplain shall in manner herein after mentioned, tofpe&, in his turn, the Bread or other Provisions provided for any Prisoner of whatsoever Religion, and take care that the fame is or are of good and wholesome Quality and of sufficient Weight.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at the Spring Affixes and Easter Term in every Year after such Appointment, to present a reasonable Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds and hot being less than Sixty Pounds in the County and County of the City of Dublin, and not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor being less than Thirty Pounds wrhin any other County or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, for every such Chaplain, as a Recompence for his Services aforesaid: Provided it shall fully appear to said Grand Juries and to the Court or Judge that such Chaplains duly and regularly executed the several Duties of their said Offices respectively, and that the Sums presented for all the v - Chaplains

i59

Salary.

To visit Mrs Houfw, &«.

[Penalty.]

App« Fitment of ( 11a plain i to County Cauls.

lYcvilbk

Duty of Chaplain*.

to

Chaplain*.

[Proviso.]

i6o

Physician* tiki Surgeons.

Their Duty.

Salary.

Not paid unless Duties performed.

Physicians and Surgeons to make Returns to Inspectors.

Appointment of Apothecaries.

How Medicines and other Articles for the Sick paid lor.

Accounts taxed by Governor and Directors of Apothecaries Hall.

TVefentments of Apothecaries 10

be one lor Medicines and one for Neccflarics.

Grand Juries may ap|>oint the same Person 10 be Surgeon and Apothecary.

C. 103. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Chaplains aforesaid in One Prison or District shall be of the fame Amount, unless the Share of either shall at any time be withheld by reason of any Misconduct or Neglect of Duty.

L. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury of every County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, at any Assizes or Presenting Term, to appoint a regularly bred Physician and also a regularly bred Surgeon to the Gaols, Houses of Correction, Marshalseas and other Publick Prisons within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, except as is herein after excepted: Provided always, that any Physician and Surgeon so to be appointed shall be approved of by the Court.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every such Physician and Surgeon shall and he is hereby required to visit every Prison within his Appointment Twice at lead in every Week, and oftener if necessary, and to pre-feribe for all Pi ifoners confined therein, according to his respective Department, such Medicines and Sustenance as may appear to him conducive to their Recovery.

LII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every such Grand Jury at every Assizes and Presenting Term in each Year after such Appointment, to present a reasonable Sum to every such Physician and Surgeon as a Recoin pence for such Attendance.

LIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury aforesaid to make such Presentments, unless said Physician apd Surgeon respectively shall appear to have duly fulfilled the several Duties of his Office.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Physician and Surgeon shall once in every Week make a regular Return of the State of Health of the several Persons under their Care respectively, to the Inspector of his Prison or District, if he shall not be hinifelf the Inspector, and shall distindUy specify therein the Name9 of the several Persons lick in said Prisons, and their Diseases respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the same Person from executing the Offices of Inspector and Chaplain, or of Inspector and Physician, or Inspector and Surgeon, or Physician and Surgeon, if he shall be qualified so to do.

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for each and every Grand Jury respectively as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, at every Assizes and Presenting Term, to appoint an Apothecary to the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses ot Correction or other Prisons, within their respective Comities, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns; and it shall be the Duty of every such Apothecary to attend the Physician or Surgeon respectively, if any such be appointed, in their Visits to the said Prisons respectively, and to execute every necessary' Order of the said Physician and Surgeon respectively touching the fame: Provided always, that every such Apothecary shall be approved of by the Court.

LVI. And be it enacted, That each and every of the said Grand Juries shall and may present such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be justly due for such Medicines and other Articles for the Sick as shall be ordered by the Physician or Surgeon attending such Prisons respectively, and which the Apothecary to said Prisons shall make appear by his Affidavit to have been duly furnished according to such Prescriptions, in which Affidavit the said Apothecary shall swear that he had faithfully and honefilv expended in the Purcfiafe of such Medicine* and other Articles the Sums therein respectively charged for the lame, and that such Medicines and other Articles were of the belt Quality, and were charged at the ttfual Prices at which Medicines and Articles of the fame Quality were charged within the Town or Place where the fame were so furnished respectively, and that the fame were ordered by the Physician or Surgeon attending such Person before they were supplied; or if such Medicines or Articles shall have been supplied in Cafc9 of Emergency by such Apothecary without the previous Order of such Physician or Surgeon, such Apothecary shall produce a Certificate of such Physician or Surgeon that such Medicines or Articles were fit and proper to be so supplied; . but no Charge shall be allowed in any such Presentment for the Attendance of such Apothecary or of any Person acting as such.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Grand Juries or the Com?, if the same shall appear to them proper, may respectively order such Account to be laid before the Governor and Directors of Apothecaries Hall, to be taxed by the said Governor and Directors, which they are hereby authorized and required to do, and to make their Presentment for Medicines as aforesaid, subject to such Reduction in the Amount thereof as shall or may he made on such Taxation 5 and that the said Grand Juries respectively shall have Power to present for the Expence to be incurred by such Examination.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Apothecaries shall bring forward at each Assizes and Presenting Term Two separate and distinct rresentments. One for Medicines and the other for other Articles for the Sick, Hating fully and particularly the different Articles comprized under each Head; and it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at each Assizes and Presenting Term to present a reasonable Sum to be paid to every such Apothecary, as a Compensation for his Trouble in providing the said Articles for the said Persons respectively, and advancing his own Money for that Purpose.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to appoint the same Person to be Surgeon and Apothecary to any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, Marshalsea, or other Publick Prison, and in such case such Surgeon and Apothecary shall be paid for his Attendance as a Surgeon, and for his Medicines as an Apothecary, in manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Surgeons and Apothecaries respectively: Provided always, that in case any Grand Jury shall not think it necessary to appoint a Physician to any .Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, Marshalsea or other Publick Prison, the Apothecary or the Person so appointed Surgeon and Apothecary, inllead of swearing that the Medicines and other Artides for the Sick supplied by him were ordered by the Physician, or producing the Certificate of the Physician in manner hereinbefore mentioned, shall swear that all such Medicines and Necessaries were actually requisit

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 103.

for the Prisoners, and were actually and bonafide supplied by such Apothecary, or Surgeon and Apothecary, as the case may be: Provided also, that no Person who shall be so appointed to be Surgeon and Apothecary shall be capable of being appointed a Physician or an Inspector under this Act.

LX. And be it enacted, That in and for the Marshalsea of the Four Courts of Dublin, and all and every Penitentiary House or Houses in Ireland, the E pence whereof shall be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint all Inspectors, Chaplains, Physician6, Surgeons and Apothecaries respectively requisite for such Marshalsea and Penitentiary Houses; and such Inspectors, Chaplains, Physi-ciaus. Surgeons and Apothecaries shall be paid such Salaries, and in such manner as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think, fit to direct: Provided also, that all Medicines and* other Articles for the Sick which shall be furnished to any of the Poor Prisoners in the Marshalsea of the Four Courts, or in any Penitentiary House respectively, shall, on being vouched as aforesaid to the Collector of Excise of the District, and also taxed as aforesaid, be paid for by him, together with the Expence of such Taxation, out of any Pi.biick Money in his Hands, Twice in every Year; to wit, in March and

September, down to and for the Full Day of each of the said Mouths respectively.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Lid Offices of Inspector, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon and Apothecary, on the Appointment of the Grand Jury, shall become vacant between Two Affixes or Presenting Terms respectively, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the High Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, to appoint a new Officer to fill such Vacancy respectively; and such new' Officer so appointed shall hold and exercise the said Office until a new Appointment shall be made thereto as aforesaid, as fully and effectually in all respeCis, and with all the same Rights, Powers and Advantages, as if he had been duly appointed thereto as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Court of King's Bench that any of the said County Iufpe&ors, Caaplaius, Physiciaus, Surgeons or Apothecaries in any Part of Ireland, or to the Judges of Assize in their respective Counties in Ireland, that any of the said Officers in and for such County

has been guilty of Misconduct in iiis said Office, or of Neglect of the Duties thereof, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such Court or Judge by a summary Order to remove such Officer from his said Office; and every such Officer while he shall hold such Office shall be decreed, deemed and considered in respect thereof as an Officer of the said Court of King's Bench and of such Affixes Court respectively, and subject to the Orders thereof respectively as such.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inspector of every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison in Ireland, and he is hereby required to inspect, oversee and regulate the procuring and providing of Bread, Meal, Potatoes, or such other Food as he shall judge moll proper, to the Value of not less than Five pence per Day for every Person confined for any Offence under his inspection, who shall stand in need of such Assistance, and to cause the same to be regularly distributed among the said Prisoners, Four Times in every Week, to wit on Sundays, Mondays, IVednfidays and Fridays, in presence of said Inspector, or One of the Chaplains, and also of the Keeper of such Prison; and the Graud Juries of the several Counties in Ireland are hereby empowered and required to make such Preferments in Advance to any Person or Persons (not being a Grand Juror nor being an Inspector, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this Act, nor being the Keeper of any Prison) who shall be willing to contract with such Grand Jury for the Supply of such Bread, Meal, Potatoes or Food as such Grand Jury may deem necessary to provide for the fame, and if such shall by any means not be made, or, being made, shall be found insufficient, then to present such Sums as shall appear to have been necessarily expended for such Purpose, either without such Presentment, or over and above the Amount thereof; and the Sums so presented shall be paid over in manner herein after mentioned: Provided always, that the Inspector and the Chaplain or Chaplains shall divide the Duty of distributing said Allowance equally between them by alternate Weeks in Rotation, and the Certificate of any of them, together with that of the Keeper of the, Prison, shall be a sufficient Warrant to the Treasurer of the County for the Payment of such Sum or Sums as may be expended in procuring said Food, to any Person or Persons who shall have contracted with the Grand Jury as aforesaid, or to any Person or Persons (not being a Grand Juror, nor being an Inspector, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this Act, nor being the Keeper of any Prison) who shall or may have contracted with any Inspector for the Supply of such Bread, Meal, Potatoes or Food, or who may have supplied the fame under the Orders of such Inspector.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury at each Affixes and Presenting Term respectively in Ireland, to present on the respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, all such Sums as to them shall appear by Affidavit to have been necessarily expended for Straw for the Prisoners entitled to an Allowance of Bread as aforesaid in any Gaol, Bridewell, floufe of Correction or other Prison within their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, or any necessary petty Expellees attending the Prison, as also to present in advance such Sum as they shall think necessary for the said Purposes or any of them; and that to enable the said Grand Juries to present proper Sums for those Purposes, there shall be laid before the Grand Jury by the Keeper of every Gaol, Bridewell, Ploufe of Correction or other Prison in Ireland, at each Affixes and Presenting Term, a Calendar of his Prison since the lait Affixes or Presenting Term, with the Date of the Committal and Discharge of each Person.

LXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Grand Juries at every Assizes and Presenting Term, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as may be requisite for the Purposes of providing Fuel, Prison Dreffeg, Iron Bediteads, Bed Tickens to be filled with Straw, Blankets and Bed Cloaths, for all Prisoners who shall be confined in any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison jo Geo. III. V withixr

l6l

Provide*

Appointment of 1 nfpt&ors, Chaplain*, &c. of Dublin Martha)*fee, &c. by Lord Lieutenant.

Vacancies of Iu-fl*dior, Sic.

K. B. or Judges

of Assize may remove Itifpcc-t'^r*, &<*. for fitc.

Iufpe&ors to oversee the providing Food (or Prisoners.

[Proviso.]

Espenret for Straw, &c.

fuJ, &«.

Monies for such Furpofea to be ptid to Cou-Ha&ors.

Contrx&on, &c. to account on Oath.

Grand Juror*,

liif|je&ors, Sec. U«*in£jct)rtcernctl in Columbia for F«>*>d.

[Penalty.]

Expencfa paid by Collector of Excise, and advanced by him to Inspe&ors, Rc.

Rules and Regulations for Management of lYifons.

First.

Second.

Third.

Fourth.

Fifth.

SUth.

C. 103. 50 GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

within their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and shall stand in need of such Assistance; and that the several Sums before mentioned to be presented for the Purposea of providing Fuel, Prison Dresses, Iron Bedheads, Bed Tickens and Blankets, Bed Cloaths and Straw for Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of any Person or Persons (not being a Grand Juror, nor being an Inspector, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this Act, nor being the Keeper of any Prison) who shall or may have contrafted with any Inspector of any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction ot other Prison, for the Supply of such Fuel and other Matters respectively, or who may have supplied th fame under the Orders of such Inspector.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which (ban be presented by any Grand Jury for Bread or other Necessarie?, or for any other of the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, shall be accounted for on Oath in open Court by the Persons making such Contract with the Grand Jury or with the Inspectors, or supplying Articles under the Orders of such Inspectors, and by the Certificate of the different Inspectors and Chaplains respectively.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Grand Juror or any Inspector, Chaplain or Physician* Surgeon or Apothecary appointed under this Act, or any Keeper of any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or uther Prison, shall contract to provide or supply any such Bread, Meal, Potatoes or other Food, or any Straw, Fuel, Prison Dresses, Bedheads, Bed Tickens, Blankets, Bed Cloaths, or other Necessaries for Prisoners under his Inspection or Charge, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or shall supply the fame otherwise than in the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or shall directly or indirectly derive or receive any Profit or Emolument whatever from any Bread, Meal, Potatoes or other Food, or any Straw, Fuel, Prison Dresses, Bedheads, Bed Tickens, Blankets, Bed Cloaths, or other Necessaries provided for such Prisoners, which shall be supplied for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the fam« by any Action, Suit, Bill or Plaint, in any of His Majesty's Superior Courts of Record in Dublin; wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bread and other Provisions, Straw, Prison Dresses, Bedheads, Beil Tickens, Blankets and Bed Cloaths, which shall be so distributed in the Marshalsea of the Four Courts or any Penitentiary House, and also all Bread, Provisions, Daffies, or Cloaths, Medicines and other Necessaries which shall be lo furnished as aforesaid to any Convict under Sentence of Transportation, or pardoned or respited from Death on condition of Transportation, who shall be removed out of the County in which he was convicted, shall and may be paid for by the Collector of Excise of the Dihrift, out of any publick Money in his Hands, and that such Collector of Excise shall also out of such Money advanced to any Person or Persons (not being a Grand Juror, nor being an Inspector, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary under this Act, nor being the Keeper of any Prison) who shall or may have contrafted with any Inspector of any such Marshalsea or Penitentiary House for the Supply of such Provisions or other Matters respectively, or who may have supplied the fame under the Orders of such Inspectors, such Sums for the said Purposes or any of them, as such Inspector shall, by Affidavit to- be made before any Justict of the Peace for the County, hate to be reasonable and necessary for such Purpose.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the following Rules and Regulations shall be hriftly observed and carried into Force and EfFeft in every Gaol, House of Correction, Maifhalfea, Bridewell, Penitentiary House, SherifPs Prison or other Prison throughout Ireland; that is to say: Firh, That it shall not be lawful for any Woman to be Keeper thereof: Second, That every Gaoler or other Keeper of a Prison shall reside in his Prison, and that he shall not be an Under Sheriff or a Bailiff, or a Baker or a Brewer, nor shall he fell Wine, Beer, Ale or Spirituous Liquors of any Sort to Prisoners or others, nor shall he hold any Office or Employment, or carry on any Business whatsoever that may require his Attendance in any other Place: Third, That no Tap shall be kept in any Prison without a Special Order of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland for that Purpose: Fourth, That r.o Person under the Authority or Appointment of the Keeper shall, directly or indirectly, fell to the Prisoners or any of them, any Malt or Spirituous Liquors, or any manner of Provisions whatsoever: Fifthly, That in all Prisons wherein any Persons shall be confined fov any Offence, the Person or Persons whose Duty it shall be to deliver out Bread or other Provisions to such Prisoners, or One of the said Persons, together with the Keeper of the Prison, shall attend for that Purpose Four Days in each Week, to wit, on Sundays, Mondays, Wedneslays and Fridays, and shall take care that the fame is properly distributed according to the Wants of the Prisoners, and that it is of a good Quality and proper Weight, and that it is not more than Twenty four Hours since any Bread which may be so distributed had been baked; and such Person or Persons shall not suffer the Prisoners to commute the said Allowance by receiving the Value thereof in Money, or in any other manner whatsoever: Sixth, That every Room in every Prison in Ireland shall be daily feraped and swept, and shall be washed Once in every W'eek from the Firh Day of April to the Fiilt Day of Odnlcr, and Once in every Month for the residue of the Year, unless the contrary shall in any I11-stance be expressly directed in Writing by the Physician or Surgeon, and that Three Times at lead in every \ ear the Inlide of each of the Rooms, Cells, Halls, Passages and Places of every Description in the Prison shall be white-washed; videlicet, Once in the Month of Aprils Once in the Month of July, and Once in the Month of Odolery and that sufficient Prison Dresses, Bedheads, Tickens for Beds, and Blankets be provided for such Prisoners as shall be in want thereof; and also that a conhant Fire shall be kept up in- the Common Halls of every Prison for Ten Hours in every Day, from the Firh Day of October to the Firh Day of April, to wit, from the Hour of Ten in the Morning to the Hour of Eight in the Afternoon, and for Five Hours in every Day for the Residue of the Year; to wit, from the Hour of Twelve at Noon to the Hour of Five in the Afurnuon respectively, and that every Prisoner shall be supplied with fresh Straw Cace in every

Month:

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C.

103.

Month 2 Seventh, That the Prisoners who shall he Tick shall be fepnrated from those who shall be in health, and ihe Physician or Surgeon and Apothecary shall regularly attend the former, and ftipply them with Medicines and also with Broth or other necessary Sustenance: Eighth, That Debtors shall be separate from Felons and other Offenders, and that Persons charged with Highway Robbery, Housebreaking, Murder, or other Capital Offences, shall not be suffered to have any Intereourse with Prisoners confined for Offence* which are not Capital; and that Male and Female Prisoners of every Denomination shall he kept separate: Ninth, That all Prisoners shall have free Accvfs to the Bath and Necessary, in their ref; dlive Pasta of the Prison at all reasonable Hours, and shall also be admitted at proper tinvs in Smcifiion to mir tbrmfelve* in the Yard or Yards for at lead Two Hours in every Day, except Prisoners under Sentence of Death, and such Persons as shall be riotous or disorderly, or where there may be sufficient caufi? to apprehend that an Escape may be attempted: Tenth, That no Hoirs, Pig$, Cattle or Poultry of a* v Kind shall be kept in any Yard of any Prison in Ireland: Eleventh, That no Prisoner ever, wl-er. condemned to Death shall be put into a Dungeon or Room under Ground, unkfs in consequcrcc of ov.trageous Conduit, or for an Attempt to break out of Prison: Twelfth, '! hat no Spirituous Liquors of any Kind shall he admitted into any Prison on any Pretence whatsoever, unless as directed in a written Order from the P )fician, Surgeon, Apothecary, Medical Assistant or Inspector, specifying the Quantity so to be admitted, and for whole Use; nor shall any Penny Pot or Garnish be taken from Prisoners on their Entrance into P ibm on any Account or Pretence whatsoever: Thirteenth, That a Table of Fees shall be made out by the In-fpc&or General of Prisons, and the Inspeirtor of Prisons in the County of the City of Dublin, to be laid by them before His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, which Table, if it (had be approved by ti e Court, flull serve as a General Regulation for Fees throughout Ireland, and the Ir.spedlor Genual of Prisons shall distribute Copies thereof to the several County nspectors, to bt* by them placed in a conspicuous P rt, of the Prisons under their Inspections, and the Inspector General of Prisons shall l.kewife c a life several Copies of thefo Rulgt, and of all further Rules to he from time to time made as herein after met*tiered, to be printed on one Side of'a Sheet of P.iper and passed on Boards, which he shall also distribut<* among the several County Inspectops, to be by them placed in the Common Hall of every Prison: Fourteenth, That every local Inspector fl^il vi£t every Prison under his Inspection Twice at lead in every Week, that at each Vi lit he shall go into every Room in the Prison, and if any Complaint shall be made by the Prisoners or any of them, against the Gaoler or his AflHlants, the Inspectoi shall immediately enquire into the Particulars of such Complaint, and if the Came .shall appear to be well founded he shall report accordingly to the Lifpctftor General of Prisons, and to the Sheriff of the County: Fifteenth, That the said Inspe£lor$ shall each of them report specially on Oath in the manner herein after dirr&ed, the State of each and every Prison 111 d r their Jnfpcttion respectively, to the Ma^ ill rates at the Quarter- Sessions, and likewise the Tufp< 6te.r or Inspetflors for the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, to the Court of King's Bench in every Term, and the inspect ors for all the other Counties to the Judges at the Assizes; and aH the said local L.fpc&ors shall also Twenty one Days at lead before the fitting of Parliament, transmit to the Inspector General of Prisons, a fi ocular Report, together with a Calendar of the Prisoners actually in Cnflody, setting forth ti e particular Crime for which each Prisoner had been committed, ard likewise a General Statement of all Priio iers who have been tried, whether acquitted or cond. mned, fmcc the Date of the lad preceding Report, specifying the several Crimes of which they were accused, and the Sentences of those who have been found guilty: Sixteenth, That in case of any riotous, outrageous or disorderiy Conduit, or of any wilful Mischief done by any Pnfonef to the Prison, or to any Person therein whether a Prisoner or not, or in case of any Person being or becoming of ipfane Mind, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Superior Courts, or for arty Two Justices of the Peace, to examine minutely into the Mai ter on Oath, and after such Examination to issue his or their Warrant to the Keeper of the Prison, desiring that every insane Person shall be confined during the continuance of such lnfanity, and every such Offender for such length of time as shall be speciried in such Warmt, in such Room, Cell, or other Place within the Precincts of the Prison as he or they shall think proper, or as shall have been specially provided for such Purpose; and from the time when any such Insanity or (conduct shall come to the Knowledge of the Keeper of such Prison, until there shall be an Opportunity'otholding such Enquiry, it shall be lawful for such Keeper of his own Authority to confine such O&nfler or insane Person in any such Room, Cell or Place; and if any Prisoner shall he a cond time ordered into such Confinement for Misconduct on Examination on Oath as aforesaid, such Prisoner shall not during such Second Confinement he permitted to receive any other Food besides Bread and Water; and in case of a Third Confinement of any Prisoner in like manner, such Prisoner during such Third

Irelamdi from time to time, as often as it shall be necessary, to make and ordain such other and further Rules and Regulations confident with the foregoing, for th*Government, Management or Conduct of all or any Gaol or Gaols, Bridewell or Bridewells, Marshalsea or Marshalseas, House or Houses of Correction, or any ttfier'Prison or Prisons in Ireland, or the Keepers or Keeper, or any other Officers or Officer thereof, or any Fcfiaus or Prisoner therein, as they shall think proper: and that all such Regulations shall, from time to time, be pofl|edl up in all Prisons to which the same shall extend, immediately after these Rules, in manner before motioned.

1JC9L And be it further enacted, That any Gaoler or Keeper of a Prison in Ireland, who shall find himself by Ottf Mean* or Circumstances whatsoever disabled or prevented from carrying the said Rules or any of them Ef^fcaU, on the first Opportunity, give Notice thereof to the Inspector of the Prison, and if the said


Seventh.

Fi'luh.

Ninth.

Tenth.

Eleventh.

Twelfth.

Thirteenth.

Fourteenth.

Fifteenth.

Sixteenth.

[Proviso.]

Seventeenth:

Ilow Gaoler* t« when |»re-v iv.rd from cl-serving RhJv*.

164

A.D. 1810.

InffxAor* to insert in their Report, how far Regulations have been observe^i.

Marshalsea of the Four Courts tube kept separate.

Fees of Marshal of Four Courts.

Prorifo.

Fees for pleading Pardon.

Fees for Lodging.

Exacting greater Fee* than allowed.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Marshalsea of City of Dublin kept diilin&.

Fees to Marshal of City of Dublin.

C. 103. 50" GEORGII III.

Inspector shall, upon visiting such Prison, fee sufficient Ground# for such Omission, either by reafoo of the In* fumciency of such Prison or otherwise, he shall, by Writing under his Hand, give to the said Gaoler or Keeper, a Certificate thereof, and no Fast or Occurrence shall be admitted as a sufficient Excuse, to any such Keeper of a Prison, for the Breach or Neglect of any of the Rule# aforesaid, unless such Fa& shall bare been so represented by him to such Inspector at some time before such Breach or Neglect, or within One Week after the same.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Inspectora of Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction or other Prisons, shall, in the Reports of the State of the Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, or other' Prisons under their Inspection respectively, insert a Copy of the foregoing Regulation#, and of such farther Regulation# as shall from time to time be in force, in their respective Pnfohs at full length; and in a Separate Column, opposite to each of the said Regulations, shall certify and state how far each of them has been observed and complied with, and shall also state and set down how far the fevferal other Directions contained in this present Act have been observed and executed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Marshalsea of the Four Courts shall be kept separate and distinct from all other Prisons, under the Care of the Marshal of the Four Courts, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That the Marshal of the Four Courts shall take, demand and receive the several Fees following, and no more; videlicet, That every Prisoner shall pay to the Marshal for Committal Fee, in every Cause in which any Prisoner shall be committed to, or shall be in his Custody, Six Shilling# and Eight pence; for a Discharge or a Dismission Fee to the Marshal Six Shillings and Eight pence, and to the Turnkey One Shilling and Seten pence Halfpenny; upon every Habeas Corpus directed to the Marshal, the Person in Custody who obtained or procured the fame, shall pay to the said Marshal Two Shilling# and Six pence: And every Prisoner brought into Court by Habeas Corpus ad Satisfaciendum, or brought up in Custody thereupon, committed to the Marshal in Execution, shall pay to the said Marshal the Fees following 5 videlicet. Six pence in the Pound where the Execution is or shall be - for any Sum of or under One hundred Pounds; and when the Execution is or shall be for more than One hundred Pounds, then the said Person or Persons so committed in Execution, shall pay to the said Marshal Three pence for each Pound over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and no more: Provided also, that no Person or Persons so committed in Execution shall be charged with or liable to pay any more of the said Poundage or Execution Fees than for such Debt or Damages and Costs as he, she or they shall really owe, and which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on such Execution shall be really and bona Jide entitled to receive.

LXXIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That upon the pleading of any Pardon at the Bar for any Person in the Marshal's Custody, the said Person for whom such Pardon is pleaded shall pay to the said Marshal for hi# Fee thereon Seven Shillings, and no more.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prisoner lying in the Common Hall shall pay One Penny per Night to the Marshal, and no more, for his laid Lodging 5 and that as to all and every other Rooms and Accommodations in the said Marshalsea, the fame, and the Rates and Prices to be paid for the same, shall be regulated and governed in such manner and according to such Rates as the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, having due regard to all Circumstances, shall from time to time dinedt and order.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Marshal of the Four Courts or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons employed under him, shall demand, exact, take or receive from any Prisoner in the said Marshalsea any other or greater Fee, Reward or Gratuity, than he shall be entitled to as aforesaid, or shall not duly observe such Rules for the Ease and Convenience of his Prisoners as are or shall be from time to time prescribed, or shall exact any other or greater Rates for the Lodging of the Prisoners than he shall from time to time be entitled to as aforesaid, then the said Marshal for the time being, or hi* Deputy, which ever of them shall offend herein, shall forfeit for the First Offence committed, the Sum of Fifty rounds, the One Half thereof to the King, the other Moiety to the Party aggrieved, who may sue for and recover the fame by any Action, Suit, Bill or Plaint, in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance $ and if after such Conviction he shall again offend as aforesaid, he shall for such Second Offence forfeit his Office, and be incapable of holding or exercising the said Office of Marshal of the Four Courts, or of being Deputy Marshal of the fame for ever after; any Patent, Charter, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Marshalsea of the City of Dublin shall be like wife kept separate and distinct in another House by itself, under the Care of such Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized ?nd appointed to keep the same.

LXXVIII. And, for the better regulating and ascertaining the Fees of the Marshal of the City of Dublin for the time being, and the Lodging of the said Marshalsea of the said City, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the following Fees and no other shall be taken by the Marshal of the City of Dublin for the Time being; videlicet,

For every Prisoner committed to his Custody Upon an Adkion out of the Tholfel Court, Two Shilling* and Six pence:

For every Prisoner committed by the Lord Mayor for Petty Debts, One Shilling:

For every Writ of Venire Facias or Fieri Facias issued out of the City Court of the said Marshalsea, One Shilling and Six pence:

For all Execution# out of the City Court difedled to the said Marshal, Six pence in the Pound for every

Sum.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 103. 165

Sum of or under One hundred Pounds; and where the Execution is for more than One hundred Pounds, then to receive only Three pence per Pound for each Pound, over and above the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and in such manner and under such Restrictions as are appointed by this Act for the Marshal of the Four Courts.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Marshal of the City of Dublin shall observe and keep the same Rules, and take the fame Rates for the Lodging and Accommodation of Prisoners, in such Sort and hi such manner as the Marshal of the Four Courts shall from time to time be entitled to take, save fb far as the fame may be otherwise ordered by the said Court of King's Bench; and in case the Marshal of the City of Dublin for the time being, his Deputy, or any other Person or Persons employed under him, fhaR take, receive or exact any other or greater Fees than as aforesaid, or any Gratuity cr Reward from any Person whatsoever committed as a Prisoner to his Custody, or shall not observe and perform the Rules and Rates in every Respect herein ordained, or which shall from time to time be prescribed as aforesaid, then the said Marshal of the City of Dublin for the time being, or his Deputy, which ever of them shall offend herein, shall suffer and incur the like Forfeitures and Drfabilkies as concerning the Marshal of the Four Courts is hereinbefore provided.

LXXX. And be it enadod, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Corporation of the said City of Dublin, at any Quarter Assembly, or at any Pod Assembly held for that Purpose, to elect and appoint -a fit and proper Person to be Keeper of the said Marshalsea Prison; and it is hereby declared* that the Marshal of the said City shall be exempt from the Care and Custody of the Prisonets to be therein confined, and that such Marshal mall not be liable to any Damages, Coils or Charges whatever, for or on account of any Escape that shall be effected or made from said Prison.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, "Diat the said Keeper shall be answerable for the fife Custody of all such Prisoners as shall be confined in said Marshalsea Prison, and that he shall observe and perform the ieve-ral and respective Rules herein reqnired of other Keepers of Prisons wherein Debtors are confined.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Nomination or Appointment of such Person to be Keeper of fitch Marshalsea Prison ars aforesaid, shall not extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any such Person to interfere in any Sort or Degree whatsoever with any of the Duties, Privileges or Emoluments annexed to the said Office of Marshal, or which heretofore have been exercisrd or enjoyed by him or his Prtdcceftbrs, save only and except in the Care of the said Marshalsea Prison, and the l'afe keeping of tho Prisoners to be confined therein.

LXXXIII. And, in order to render more effectual the several Provisions and Regulations contained in this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of King's Bench, and all and every Judge and Judges of Assize, and General Gaol Delivery, in Ireland respectiVeiy, are hereby difeded and required from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to give this Act in Charge to the Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland\ or so much thereof as concerns such Grand Juries, and to require them to comply therewith as the Law directs, and to make such Presentments as are herein mentioned and directed.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Prisoner fn Ireland who (Hall have been convicted of any Offence or Offences, and shall be detained in Prison only for his Fees by reason of such Conviction or Convidioos, and of his Imprisonment for such Offence or Offences, to present a Petition to the Court of King's Bench if in the County of Dublin or County of the City of Dublin, and if ki any other County in Ireland, to the Judges of Assize of such County, or in any of the said cases to the Court of Quarter-Sessions, (fating that he or she is unable to pay his or her Fees aforesaid, and praying that such Fees may be remitted: and the Court to which such Petition shall be presented, shall examine into the Truth of the Matters therein alledged, upon the Oaths not only of such Prisoner, but also of the Gaoler and of every such other Person or Persons as such Court shall think (it and proper to be examined relative to the fame; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for such Court to make such Order for remitting the Whole or any Pint, Share or Proportion of such Fees as such Court shall think proper; and On such OrdCr being made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of such Court, it they shall think fit, tx>

1>rcfent the Amount of the Sum or Sums so remitted to be raised on such County* and to be paid to the Perdu or Persons whether Clerk or Clerks of the Crown or of the Peace, Sheriffs or Gaolers, whose Fees or any Part of whose Fees shall have been so remitted according to their respective Proportions thereof; and if the whole of such Fees shall have been so remitted, then such Prisoner shall be discharged from any further Imprisonment by reason of such Fees, and if a Part only shall be so remitted, then on the Payment of the Residue of such Fees, such Prisoner shall be, in like manner, discharged.

LXXXV. And be it enacted and declared, That all Fees on Criminal Prosecutions, and the feveYfcl other Matters relating thereto, payable to any Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies, Sheriff, or Under Sheriff, Gaoler or Under Gaoler, or Turnkey or Crier, or other Person acting under them or any of them, in Ire'and, are and shall be payable in the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, in the same manner in ail respects as in the other Counties of Ireland; and that in the said County of Dublin Presentments in lieu of the Fees of such Persons as shall have been indicted, tried, acquitted and discharged without paying Fees, shall be made at the Presenting Terms, in like manner in all respects as at the Amzes in the other Counties of Ireland, under and by virtue of an A ti of the last Session of Parliament for regulating the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony and all other Offences at Assizes.and Quarier-Sessions in Ireland, or any other Act or Acts for such Purpose.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That all and singular the several Sums of Money directed by this Act to be presented by the Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland, shall be raised, levied, applotted and af-£cded upon the said Counties respectively, after the feme manner as other Preferments for County Charges.

Marshal of Dab-tin 10 observe Rules and taka Rates for Lodging at Marshal of Four Courts.

Corporation of Dublin to appoint Keeper of Marshalsea;

answerable Cor safe Custody of* Prisoners.

Appointment not to interfere with Profits <if Mat/hah

Court of K. 11. and Judge* of Assizes to give Aci in charge to Grand Juries.

Criminals detained for Ffees, -drfcha!£ed.

49 G.O. c. 101. as in Fees on Criminal i'rose-rutions extended to Dublin County and City.

Presentmenta assefied on Counties at large.

i66

Prefer.! ments not made.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

How applied.

Levied as County Prefciitinenis.

Judges may reduce Prefeiit-#»ent».

Court of K. B. end Ju lges of Assize to examine into manner of executing Act.

Payment of Ex-pc ees incurred since lA July 1809, and before Operation of Act.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c.

C. 103. 50" GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any of the said Grand Juries, after having been properly called upon and directed by such Court and Judges respectively to make such Presentments as are required or authorized by this Act, shall, notwithstanding, neglect or omit to make such Presentment or Provision respectively before the last Day of the said Assizes or Presenting Term respectively, or shall not present a sufficient Sum for any of the said Purposes, then, and in every such case, the said Court and Judges respectively are hereby empowered, directed and required to impose such Fine or Fines on such County, County of a City or County of a Town as they shall deem just and necessary, and as shall be at lead equal to the Amount of such Deficiency: Provided always, that no such Fine or Fines shall be levied upon such County, County of a City or County of a Town, unless such Fine shall be confirmed at the next enfiling Assizes or Presenting Term, as the case may be, by the Court or Judge at such ensuing Assizes or Presenting Term.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in the Order for any such Fine so to be imposed for refusing or omitting to make any Presentment, or for not presenting a sufficient Sum, the particular Object and Purpose for which such Presentment ought to have been made shall be dated, and such Fine when levied shall be applied to such Purpose, and shall be accounted for in like manner as if the fame had been regularly presenteil by the Grand Jury for the said Purposes respectively: Provided always, that every Fine to be imposed upon any County pursuant to this Act, shall be laid on, applotted and levied upon the County at large, in the same manner as Presentments made by the Grand Jury for County Charges

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any of the said Grand Juries shall at any time present for any of the said Purposes a Sum which shall appear to the Court to be greater than is proper or reasonable for such Purpose, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court or Judge who shall confirm or fiat such Presentment, at the time of so confirming or dating the fame, to order that the same shall be reduced to such Sum as he or they shall think proper, which shall be done accordingly, and shall be deemed, taken and proceeded on in the same manner in all respects as if the fame had been originally so presented.

XC. And, in order that the beneficial Purposes of this Act may be more fully and faithfully carried into Effect, Be it enacted, That the said Court of King's Bench and Judges of Assize shall ouce in every Assizes and Presenting Term respectively, make diligent Enquiry by Examination on Oath in Court, and by such other ways and means as they shall think proper, concerning the several Matters for which Presentments are or shall be by this or any other Act relating to any of the Matters aforesaid directed or authorized to be made at such Assizes or Term respectively, and finally shall decide after such mature Consideration as to the Exercise of the Powers so hereinbefore given in that Respect.

XCI. And whereas divers Hard drips have been lately found to exist in some of the Prisons in Ireland, for which no Remedy had been provided by Law, and it was not confident with Humanity or Justice that the fame should be allowed to remain unredrefied until an Act of Parliament should be pafitd, and divers Costs and Expences have been and continue to be incurred in removing the fame; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which at any time or times from the First Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine to the First of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, shall have been expended by or under the Orders or Authority of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and which if so expended after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, would, under the Provisions of this Act, be payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall and may be paid and allowed out of the fame; and that all and every Sum and Sums which shall have been so expended within the said Period, and which if expended after the said First Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten would be properly leviable by Presentment, being duly vouched by the Oath of the Person or Persons employed therein, shall and may be levied and raised by such Presentment, and paid over, under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to replace the Money so expended, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and if by any means it shall happen that any such Sum or Sums shall not be so levied, then, and in such case, and until the same shall be done, all and every such Sum and Sums shall be paid and advanced out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XCI I And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act or in relation thereto, every such Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the Fast dune, and the Venue thereof shall be laid in the proper County and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants to such Action may plead the General Issue and give this Act and the Special Matter therein contained, in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon; and if a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover Double Costs, the Plaintiffs first suggesting on the Record, by Leave of the Court, that the Action was brought for an Act done in pursuance of this Act or in relation thereto, if the same shall not sufficiently appear by the Pleadings.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That this Act, and all and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall commence on the First Day of July in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, and shall take Effect from thenceforth and not sooner.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

56° GEORGII III. C. 104. 167

CAP. CIV.

An Act for altering the Amount of certain Duties of A deflect Taxes, granted by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and for granting to His Majesty certain other Dudes of AfTcfled Faxes, on the Articles therein mentioned.

[20th June 18jo.}

Most Gracious Sovereign,

E Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient that certain of the Duties, granted by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Servants and Carriages, herein described, 4sG. 3. c. 55. and on the Makers of such Carnages, should be altered, and new Duties granted in manner herein after'mentioned; do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of Duiies granted. Abril One thousand eight hundred and ten, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ the Dominion of Walts and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and from and after the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and ten, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ there shall be offelfed, raised, levied and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties mentioned in the several Schedules to this Act annexed, as the same are therein respectively set forth and described 5 which several Schedules, and the Duties therein contained, and the Rules fibjoined, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the fame were inserted herein under a special Enactment.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act shall be assessed, raised, levied, paid Duties to be

and accounted for, under the fame Provisions and Regulations as the Duties granted by the said Act of the assessed under

Forty eighth Year aforesaid are directed to be assessed, raised, levied, paid and accounted for 5 and the several Schedules hereunto annexed shall be respectively added to the corresponding Schedules annexed to the said Act, 0 1*

and shall be construed as and deemed Part thereof respectively; and this Act shall be construed in fitch maimer

and to the like Effect in all respects, as if the Duties hereby granted were expressly granted under and subject to the several Provisions, Allowances and Penalties to which the Duties granted by the said Act are subject,

and as if the said- several Provisions, Allowances and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Act, or in any Act or Acts therein recited, mentioned or referred to, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Duties granted by this Act, shall severally and respectively, in the Execution of this Act, be duly observed, practised and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpose9 as if the fame Powers, Authorities,

Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things (except as aforesaid) were particularly and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who now are or for the time being shall be Same Comraif-

Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act or the ACU therein recited, mentioned or referred to, who sioners and OftU shall be respectively qualified and authorized to act in the Execution of the said Acts, shall be Commissioners cere to exeemte for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every the respactive t, ls -*,7* Counties, Ridings, Cities, Bviroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged, within 5^!

England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, and in all and every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs

ir« Scotland; and the several Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, Inspectors and Inspector9 General respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts, shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, Inspectors and Inspectors General to put in Execution this Act, within the Limits of their respective Districts or Divisions to which they are or respectively shall be appointed \ and they respectively are hereby empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and it) as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts; and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of any Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and conftnicted Mater* of Tax according to the Regulations of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or of this Act, for Sale, shall Cartj to return cause his Name and Place of Abode, and the Place or Places where such Trade or Business shall be carried on,

to be returned to the Commissioners for executing this Act, in like manner as is required by any Law now in J Carts fold.

force to be done by Makers for Sale of other Carriages chargeable with Duty, and under the like Penalty; and every such Maker shall also, from time to time, enter in a Book the Number of such Carriages by him or her built

and constructed for Sale as Taxed Carts, and the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Persons to whom

fold, and the full Value of the fame, together with the full and just Price or other Consideration paid or given

or to be paid or given for the fame, and the Day on which each such Carriage was delivered or sent out of his

or her Shop or Warehouse j all which Books shall, at all reasonable time3 in the Day-time, be oi>en to the

Inspection of the Assessor or Collector, Surveyor or Inspector of or for the Place where such Maker of Car-

ri'jges shall relidc; and cvei y Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account, shall, within Twenty one

Diys after the Tenth Day ol 08ober and Fifth Day of April in every Year after the Fifth Day of April On*

thit; sand eight hundred and t.n, deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in such Book

within the preceding Half Ye ir, to the Assessors or Collectors of the Ward, Parish or Place, or one of them,

where

i68

Peaalty.

Makers of Taxed Carts to paint Price and Owner'* Name before Delivery.

t'sing Carts without Particulars painted. Penalty.

Comtron Stage Carts may be nftd in certain eajps.

[Proviso.]

In what cases Commisslonen to give Notice to Proprietor to produce fame before them.

[Proviso.]

Exemption of Duty on Window*,

Monies to be carried into Exchequer.

C. 104. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

where such Mdker of Carriages Thall reside; and when required^ so to do by such Surveyor or Inspector, every such Maker of Carriages, his or her Chief Servant, Workman or Manager, shall make Oath, or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, an Affirmation, of the Truth of such Account according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and if any Maker of such Carriages shall neglect to keep such Account, or to deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description, Matter or Thing which ought to be contained therein, or shall make therein any false Entry of any Particular which ought to be contained therein, he, she or they so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered or levied by any Act or Acts in relation to the Duties of Assessed Taxes.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Carriages herein called Taxed Cart9, for Sale, shall, before the Delivery out of his or her Shop, Warehouse or Premises, to or for the Purchaser thereof, cause the Name and Place of Abode of the Purchaser thereof, and the Words " A Taxed Cart, , and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker thereof, and the full Value thereof, or the actual Price or Confederation paid or given or to be paid or given for the fame, to be painted in a conspicuous Part of the Qutfede of the back Part of the said Carnage, in Words at Length, and in Roman Charad^rs in Black Letters on a White Ground, or in White Letters on a Black Ground, each of the said Letters being at lead One Inch in Leogtk» and of a Breadth in Proportion; and if any Maker of any such Carriage shall deliver the fame, or permit or suffer the same to be delivered from or out of his or her Shop, Warehouse or Premises, to or for the Purchaser thereof, without having first caused the several Particulars before mentioned to be painted thereon in Form andt Manner aforesaid; or if any Person shall use any such Carriage built or constructed or purchased after the passing of this Act without the Particulars aforesaid, and each and every of them, being painted thereon in Form and Manner aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered or levied as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Cart having the Name and Place of Residence of the Owinery and the Words " Common Stage Cart, legibly painted thereon, which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Course of Trade, although the Owner or his or her Servant or Servants shall or may occasionally ride therein when laden, or when returning from any Place to which or when going to any Place from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Cart in the Course of Husbandry or Trade, and although such Cart shall be used for the Purpose of riding therein or thereon, on the Occasions and in the manner herein mentioned; that i9 to say, for the Purpose of procuring Medical Assistance for the Owner or any of his or her Family, or for the Purpose of carrying Goods to or bringing back Goods from Market, or carrying the Owner or any of his or her Family to or from any Place of publick Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Justice, or to or from any Meeting of Commissioners of Taxes, shall be exempted from the Duties granted by the said Act or this Act on Carriages; Provided such Cart shall not have been let to Hire for any of the said Purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Question shall arise, whether from the manner in which any Carriage with less than Four Wheels shall have been built or constructed, or shall be used, or from the Omission of painting thereon any of the Particulars required by the said Act or this Act, or from painting the fame contrary to the Regulations of the said Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give Notice to the Proprietor of the said Carriage, or the Person having the Possession thereof, to produce the lame before the said Commissioners on a Day and at a Place to be named in such Notice, and upon the Pro* dudion thereof it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, after due Inspection thereof, to adjudge the Rate of Duty at which the said Carriage shall be charged according to the best of their Judgment and Belief, subject to a Case to be dated pursuant to the Directions of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, if such Case shall be lawfully demanded; and if, after such Inspection, any Doubt shall remain with the said Commissioners as to which of one or other of the said Rates of Duty the said Carriage ought to be charged, it shall be lawful for them to charge such Carriage to the lower of the said Rates of Duty, if they shall be of Opinion that the Particulars on which they entertained the Doubt were not wilfully or fraudulently contrived for the Purpose of evading the higher of the said Rates of Duty, subject to such Case aforesaid; Provided, that in every Case where any reasonable Doubt as aforesaid shall have arisen, and the Commissioners shall be of Opinion that the fame hath been occasioned without any fraudulent Contrivance or Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for them to remit and strike off the Whole of the double Duty which might have arifeu on any Increase of the Duty chargeable in such Caf?.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pa fling of this Act any Window or Light in any Room of a Dwelling House used wholly for the Purpose of carrying on auy Manufacture therein, and not having any internal Communication with such Dwelling House or any Part thereof, although adjoining thereto and in other respects a Part thereof, shall be exempt from the Duties on Windows or Lights granted by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall, from time* to time* be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, together with the Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, in one Sum, to the Account of Assessed Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain* 6

SCHEDULES

A.D. 1810.

C. 104

50° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Gardeners ailing in the Capacity herein mentioned.

No. I. jC. /. Jf

Tor every Gardener who shall have contracted for the keeping of any Garden, wherein the condant Labour of one Person shall not be necessary, there shall be charged the annual Sum of - - 060

and no more.

To be charged under the same Rules and subject to the fame Exemptions as the Duties contained in the Schedule of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, marked C. No. II. are directed to be charged.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Carriages called Taxed Carts.

No. I. if. / d.

For every Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and condructed according to the Regulations of the said Act in every respect, the original Price of which shall not have exceeded or the Value whereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, and which shall not at any time be used with a covered or duffed Seat, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, there shall be charged the annual Sum of - - - 1 6 f

No. II.

For every such Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and conffructed with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, (except of Iron, Steel, or any other Metallic Subdance, or any Composition of Iron, Steel, or other Metallic Subdance, either wholly or in Part) the original Price of which Carriage shall not have exceeded or the Value whereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of Twenty one Pounds Sterling, or which shall be used with a duffed Seat or Cushion, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, there shall be charged the annual Sum of - -.- -1 10

Save and except always, all Carriages built and condructed as aforesaid, and of the respective Values herein mentioned, and used in manner before mentioned, belonging to any Person or Persons who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the Duties granted by the said Act in respect of a Four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the Duties granted by the said Act on Male Servants in respect of Two such Male Servants, which Persons respectively shall be charged for such Carriages although built, condructed, valued and used as aforesaid at the Rate prescribed in the Schedule of the said Act marked D. No. II. or according to the Schedule of this A A marked No. III. as the Case may require.

The said several Duties on Taxed Carts to be charged under the same Rules, and subject to the fame Exemptions as the Duties contained in the Schedule of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, marked D. No. IV. are directed to be charged.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Carriages with less than Four Wheels.

No. III.

For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels chargeable by the said Act of the Forty eighth of His present Majesty's Reign, with the Duty of £. 5. 18l. if drawn by One Horse, Mare or Gelding, and no more, there shall be charged the like Amount of Duty for every such Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more, viz. the annnual Sum ot -

For every such Carriage chargeable by the said Act with the Duty of £. 8 5l. if drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares or Geldings, there shall be charged the like Amount of Duty for every such Carriage drawn by more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, viz. the annual Sum of- -

And for any additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels chargeable by the said Act with the further Duty of jf. 2. 16l. there shall be charged the like Amount of further Duty, for every additional Body successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, if drawn in the manner herein mentioned, viz. the further annual Sum of-- -

if. x. i.

5 18 o 8 f 9

2 16 cf

The said several Duties on Carriages with ltfs than Four Wheels to be charged according to the Rule in the Schedule to the said Act marked D. No. II. and to extend to all Carriages with less than Four Wheels mentioned or described in the said Act, and which shall not be built and condructed or used according to the Regulations prescribed by the said Act or this Act for Taxed Carts."

1&9

50 Geo. III.

Z

A SCHEDULE

170 C. 104, 105. 5o° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Makers of Carriages called Taxed Carts chargeable witl* Duty by the said Act or this Act, and on the Sale of such Carriages by such Makers.

Upon every Maker or Makers of any Carriage built, con drafted and used according to the £. /. d*

Regulations prescribed by Law for Taxed Carts, and of the Values limited either by the Schedule of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or by this Schedule, there shall be charged the annual Duty of; - 026

By every such Maker or Makers of Carrirges as aforesaid, for every such Carriage which he, (he

or they shall make, build or construct for Sale, the Sum of - - o 2 G

The said several Duties on such Makers of Taxed Carts to be charged in the same manner as the Duties-contained in the Schedule of the said Act marked D. No. V. are directed to be charged.

Save and except any Maker or Makers of Carriages with Four Wheels, or of Carriages with less than Four Wheels, duly assessed as such to the Duties contained in the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid.

CAP. CV.

An Act to regulate the Manner of making Surcharges of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits arising from Property, Profdfions, Trades and Offices; and for amending the Acts relating 10 the said Duties respectively.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, that certain of the Powers and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, or to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Pro-sessions, Trades and Offices, should be amended, in the Particulars herein after mentioned: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Surveyors and Inspectors appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty in pursuance of the said Acts, to carry into Execution the Powers therein given to them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, in making any Increase of Duty either on the Returns of Parties or the Estimates of Assessors, or the Assessments made by Commissioner* under the said Acts, observe the following Rules and Directions for their Government, and shall be subject to the several Provisions therein contained; which Rules and Directions shall be of the liKo* Force and Effect as if the fame were herein inserted under a special Enactment.

RULES and DIRECTIONS for making Objections and Charges, and for limiting the Times of making the same in certain Cases, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Surveyor* and First. — Every Surveyor and Inspector appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said Acts or any of

lafpe&orsto them, shall be and they are hereby empowered and strictly enjoined and required to itupeft and examine all and enmiiie Returns every the Returns of Lifts, Statements, Declarations, Accounts or Estimates, made by any Person or Persons and ra rae'od* c^argea^e to lke said Duties or any of them, or by any Assessors of any of the said Duties, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts before mentioned, and also all and every the first: Assessments of the said Duties or any of them, made for any Parish, Ward or Place for any Year, as well before as after the respective Commissionero acting in the Execution of the said Acts respectively shall have signed and allowed the first Assessments. made for such Parish, Ward or Place, for that Year: And if he or they shall discover any Error or wrong Amount or Computation of Duty therein; or that any Person who ought to be charged with the said Duties or any of them shall have duly made a Return as required by the said Acts respectively, but shall have been omitted to be charged with the said Duties or any of them, or shall be under-rated in the said first Assessment, and that the said Return doth contain Matters sufficient whereby the said Surveyor or Inspector may rate such Person in the said first Assessment to the full Duties chargeable'upon him or her, according to, or by or from such Return, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Inspector and they respectively are hereby required, before such Allowance, to correct and amend such Assessments, and to charge such Person to the full Amount and at the full Rate of Duty at which he or she ought to be charged, according to his or her Return so delivered.

Abet Assess- Second. — If any such Surveyor or Inspector shall, after any such Assessment or Assessments in respect of the

mrmsarcat- Dutits of AflelTed Taxes shall be signed and allowed by the said Commissioners, or if any such Surveyor of

ipwed Surveyor Inspector shall, after any such Assessment or Assessments in respect of the Duties arising from the Profits of

fottTtv Cxm^' Property, ProfeflTons, Trades or Offices, shall be signed or allowed by the Commissioners acting for the imiSunm b/tray general Purposes of the Acts relating to the said Duties, find or discover upon his Survey or Examination, or

of Surclwr-c. otherwise, that any Person liable to the said Duties or any of them, in respect of which such Lifts, Statements,

Accounts or Estimates as aforesaid ought to have been delivered, hath not made any Return as by the said Act or Acts is required, or hath omitted any Person, or any Property, or Profits, or the Amount or Value thereof* or any Article, Matter or Thing, or any Description of the fame which ought to have been returned, or hath* not returned the full Amount or Value of any Property, or Profits as required by any of the said Acts, so that he or she shall not on account of such Default or Omission have been charged to the Amount which ought to be paid by him or her, or that any Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, which is not allowed by the respective Acts relating to the said Duties, shall have been claimed in or by such Return, then* and in every such Case, it 1 shall

50° GEORGII III. C. 105. 171

shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Inspector to certify the fame in Writingr, together with an Account of every such Default, Omission or Claim, with the Name or Description of the Person or Thing not returned or omitted, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and the full Amount of the Single Duty by which the Assessment ought to be increased, explicitly Hating the Particulars in respect of which such Charge has been made, and to deliver the same to any Two or more of the said Commissioners for putting in Execution the said*l*)n Delivery Acts respectively, or to their Clerk, in order to have such Default, Om (lion or Claim, and the Under-rate Oaih occasioned thereby, rectified; and such Commissioners are, upon, the Delivery of any such Certificate, and made that N<h upon Oath being first made either by the Inspector or Surveyor, or any other credible Witness or Witnesses tice was Riven, who shall have served the fame, that a Notice to the EfFeft herein after mentioned was duly served, required to Commissionera (ign and allow the said Certificates, and to cause supplementary Assessments to be made according to such Cer- ^cr-

tificates, subject to Appeal as herein after is allowed. uncut*.

Third. — Every Person in whose Custody any such Lifts, Statements, Accounts or Estimates shall be, shall Lissa delivered and is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to deliver the same to f into his Custody for the Purposes aforesaid, taking his Receipt for the fame; and every Person in whose a"cjuf^j

Custody any such Assessment shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of such Surveyor or ulang Copies. Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the fame; and such Surveyor or Inspector is hereby authorized to take Charge of the fame, until he shall have taken such Copies of or Extracts from the same, as may be necessary for his and their better Information.

Fourth. — The said Inspectors and Surveyors' shall give or cause to be given to every Person so charged, or .Notice to Pew Jeave or cause to be left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode, in the District where such Charge was made, f°*'» charged, or on the Premises charged with the Assessment, as the Case shall require, and as shall have been directed by the several Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, Notice in Writing of such Charge, and of the Amount of Duty to be included in the Certificate of such Charge, and the Particulars thereof; which Charges the said Inspector3 and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make, at or before such times as are directed by the said Acts or this Act for the Delivery of the Certificates of such Charges to the said respective Commissioners.

Fifth. — In default of a Meeting of the Lid respective Commissioners before the time limited by the said Acts In what case or this Act, for the Hearing of any Appeals from the Charges of the said Surveyor or Ir.speftor, or if the said D^lwery of <* Surveyor or Inspector shall r.ot have had Notice of a Meeting of the said respective Commissioners, it shall be t°0 clerk

lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, at their First Meeting to be held thereafter, to sufficient.

(ign and allow the said Certificates, and afterwards to hear and determine all Appeals therefrom.

Sixth. — The Certificate delivered to the Commissioners containing the Day or Days of Service of the Notice Certificate'delivered to the Party charged shall be deemed fuflficient Proof of the Contents thereof, unless the contrary be hifficient Proof shewn on the Production of such Notice to the said respective Commissioners by the Party charged; and no Proof of the Content# of any such Notice shall be required by the said Commissioners to be given to them, 1 either by a Copy thereof or otherwise, previous to their signing or allowing the said Certificates, nor upon Appeal therefrom, nor other Proof in any Matter relating to the fame, except as aforesaid; and except the Oath of the Person or Persons who shall have served such Notices as hereinbefore directed, and which shall be in the Form and to the EfFeft following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That a Notice in Writing was duly served upon each Person mentioned in the above Oath.

Certificate, containing the Particulars as set forth therein respectively, on the Day or Days mentioned in

the said Certificate.'

Seventh. — No Assessment made or to be made by any Assessor or Assessors of the said Duties respectively, nor any Charge made or to be made by any Surveyor or Inspector upon such Assessment, shall be impeached or afftfted by reason of any Mistake in the Christian or Surname or either of them, of any Person liable to any of the said Duties, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Description of any Property or Profits, or of any Servant or Person, or of any Article, Matter or Thing for which the Person so charged shall be liable to any of the said Duties, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Amount of the Duty charged, nor by any Variance between the Notice and the Certificate of Charge, whether such Mistake shall appear in or such Variance shall arise from the Notice and Certificate to be delivered or made in such Case, or in either of them 5 but that all such Assessments and Charges shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake pr Variance: Provided, that in Cases of Charge the Notice thereof be duly served on the Person intended to he so charged, and such Notice and Certificate do severally contain in Substance and EfFeft the several Particulars on which such Charge shall have been made; and every such Charge shall be heard and determined on the Merits, in such manner as in the said Acts or in this Act is directed.

Eighth. — It shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Charge shall be given as aforesaid, on occasion of his or her having neglected to make any Return as r quired by the said Act or Acts, at any time previous to the time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the Delivery of such Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspector who shall have delivered the Notice of Charge, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate of all Matters and Things required by the said Act or Acts to be returned; so that he or she may from such last mentioned Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate so to be delivered, be charged to the said Duties respectively the full Sum at which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of the said Act or Acts; provided, that to every such Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate, there shall be annexed a Declaration in Writing in the Form and to the EfFeft herein after mentioned; and if the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied with such Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate^ and the Declaration annexed thereto, then he shall certify such Return and Declaration annexed thereto to Two or more of the said


Assessraenu or C barges not nr penciled on accent ol Mistakes in Names or Description*.

How Double Duly avoided.

Surveyor m9J

ct rtify fame, Party shall be

eliatged at f-Single Duty*

If <iiflkt»6ed m*y date Ob-jctW

Notice of Objection.

Declaration to eontain a satis-fc&ory Account in Eacufc of Party, and to be atteded !>y credible Wit-nc0<«.

How, on Charges far any Omission in a Return, Double Duty Stay be avoided.

fliar^r madt- in Duty, unleiV Surveyor renify Objection.

Form of Dr-duratinn in Cases oi' Charge fur d* leftive Returns.

No Declaration required if I'arty j; .ve Notice in Writing to Surveyor that his Return it enr-x»ct, &c.

C. 105. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Commissioners, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged; who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such Certificate* and the fame Rate of Single Duty as set forth in the said several A&§ fespectively, to be charged on the Person making such Return, without further Trouble or Delay; but if upon Examination of such Dili or Return, and Declaration annexed thereto, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall fee just Cause to object thereto, he shall thereupon certify such Return and Declaration annexed thereto, together with the Cause of his Objection, to Two or more of the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such last mentioned Certificate in Double the Amount of the Duty at which he or she shall be charged, and from which Charge no Abatement shall be made on any Pretence, unless on Appeal as herein after is directed; of which Objection, Notice shall be given by the Surveyor or Inspector to the Person to be charged thereby, together with the Cause of his Objection to the said Return and Declaration to be annexed thereto; and the said Commissioners shall determine the said Objections on the Merits, without further Notice of Appeal from the Party so charged.

Ninth. — Every such Declaration, in Cases where no Return hath been previously made by the Person so charged for the same Year, shall alledge and declare in Substance, or to the Effect as follows; (that is to say) That he or she the said Exhibitant was not at his or her Dwelling-house or other Place of Abode at the time appointed for the fixing or Delivery of General or other Notices for making a Return as required by the said Act or Acts, nor between that Day and the time limited for making such Return to the Assessor, and that he or she hath not received or had any Knowledge of any such Notice; or, that he or she was disabled by Sicknefii from making such Return; or, that the Non-delivery of such Return was occasioned by the following Mistake or Accident, without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, videlicet* {here set forth the Cause of such Default']; and that the Return to which the Declaration of the said Exhibitant is annexed is a full, perfect and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Exhibitant by the said Act or Acts, or by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgment and Belief: — Which Declaration and Return shall severally and respectively be signed by the' Party making the same, in the Proper Name and Hand-writing or Sign of the said Party, and attested by any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, who shall have seen the said Party subscribe or figii the fame, and shall attest the Signature thereof in the proper Names and Hand-writing of the said Witness or Witnesses respectively 5 provided every such Witness shall be an Inhabitant of the fame Ward, Parish or Place where the said Party shall reside, and who shall be rated in the Assessment of the fame Duties for the fame Ward, Parish or Place aforesaid, or if in any Place there shall be no Inhabitant competent to be such Witness, then th'e said Declaration shall be attested by some credible Witness, rated as aforesaid, and redding in the next adjoining Parish where the said Party shall reside.

Tenth. — It shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Charge shall be served on occasion of his or her having omitted in the Return before made for the same Year, any Person, Property, Profits, Description, Statement, Account or Estimate, or any Article, Matter or Thing which ought to have been contained in such former Return, or which shall be mentioned in such Notice of Charge not to be contained in such former Return, or of having claimed any Exemption, Allowance or Deduction not allowed by the said Act or Acts respectively, or of having returned the Amount or Value of any Property or Profits at less than the Sum which ought to be returned according to the said Acts respectively, if he or she shall consent or agree to such Charge, to give Notice in Writing of his or her Consent accordingly to the said Surveyor or Inspector; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall certify such Consent, and the Amount of the Single Duty which ought to be charged to the said Commissioners, according to which Certificate the Party charged, and consenting thereunto, shall be a defied in the Single Duty, and such Consent shall be deemed equivalent to an amended Return and Declaration as required by this Act; or such Person so charged, if he or (lie shall not so consent or agree in manner a fort said, may amend such former Return, by delivering to the Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, a Supplementary Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate, according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, and as the Case may require, to which a Declaration in Writing shall be annexed to the Effect herein after mentioned; and the said Surveyor or inspector shall be at Liberty to certify his Satisfaction therewith, of his Objectioa thereto, to the said respective Commissioners; according to which Certificate the Party charged shall be assessed in the Single Duty if such Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied therewith, or in the Double Duty in the mauner hereinbefore directed, in Cases where no previous Return shall have been made, and as the Case may require, subject to the like Power of Appeal from such Objection, and to the like Proceedings in all other relpe&s as are before given.

Eleventh. — Every such last mentioned Declaration shall alledge and declare th^ Gronnds and Cause of each Omission made or mentioned in such Notice of Charge, to have been made in such former Return, and also the Grou ids and Cause of each Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, and also that the Return to which the said Declaration is annexed is a full, perfect and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of him or her by the said Act or Acts, or by this Act, to which the said Charge shall relate, to the bell of his or her Judgment and Belief, and that such Omission or Claim was not made with Intention to defraud the Revenue*which said lad mentioned Declaration and Return shall severally and respectively be iigaed and aitelled in the manner before directed in cases of other Declarations and Returns before mentioned.

Twelfth. — No Return or Declaration shall be required of any Property, Profits, Article, Matter or Thing of which the Party charged shall have made a due Return for the same Year, but the said Parry shall be at Liberty to give Notice in Writing to the said Surveyor or Inspector that he or she doth abide b/ such former Return; or may make out and deliver a Supplementary Return and Declaration in the manner before directed; which Return and Declaration, together with the Return before made, subject nevertheless to the Objection of the said Surveyor or Inspector in manner aforesaid, shall be deemed full, perfect and complete Returns, if the same shall together include all Articles, Matters and Things f?r which the Party so charged shall be chargeable;

6 and

56° GEORGII III. C. 105.

sod no Person doll be liable to the Penalties contained in this Act for any Article, Matter or Thing which shall have been returned by him or her in manner aforesaid, so that he or she might have been fully charged to the said respective Duties chargeable thereon, but only for such Articles, Matters or Things which shall not have been returned by him or her in manner aforesaid.

Thirteenth. — If any Surveyor or Inspector shall wilfully make any false and vexatious Charge of any of the said Dirties, or shall wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the respective Commissioners for executing the said Acts or any of them, any false and vexatious Certificate of Charge of any of the said Duties, or any false and vexatious Certificate of Objection to any Supplementary Return, or shall be guilty of any fraudulent, illegal or unjust Conduct in the Prosecution of any Charge of any of the said Duties, or shall wilfully neglect the Duty of his Office, or in any manner offend against the Laws for regulating the Duty of his said Office, and the lame shall be proved on the Certificate of the said respective Commissioners of the Division where such Offence shall be committed, or any Two or more of them, or on the Affidavit on Oath or solemn Affirmation, to be taken before any One of the said respective Commissioners, of any credible Person or Persons to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two or more of them, or by the Confession of the said Surveyor or Inspector, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for any such Offence, to suspend the Payment to the said Surveyor or Inspector of ail or any Reward, Emolument or Advantage which the said Surveyor or Inspector would be entitled to under the said Acts or any of them, for any Increase of Duty pr Overplus above the Rate of Duty occasioned by the Information or Charge of the said Surveyor or Inspector, or such Part thereof as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall deem juil and necessary, and finally to withhold the fame, and direct the same to be paid by the Receiver General into His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer; unless the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit to reltorethe fame to the said Surveyor or Inspector, or to mitigate and lelfen the Sum so to be withheld and paid over into His Majesty's Exchequer: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to impeach or sffed any Action or Suit for the Recovery o( any Penalty or Penalties imposed by any former Act or Acts, against such Surveyor or Inspector for any such Offence or OfFences as aforesaid, or for any false and vexatious Charge of any of the said Duties; but all such Penalties, and the Powers for Recovery thereof, shall be and remain in Force notwithstanding the Powers of this Act, or any Ad or Thing done in pursuance thereof.

Fourteenth. — Where any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself or themselves respectively overcharged7 or over-rated by any Charge or Certificate of Objection by any Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, or by any Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of such Charge or Certificate, shall have appealed therefrom to the said Commissioners according to the Directions of the said Acts respectively, the Appellant shall, upon the Hearing such Appeal, in all Cases where a List, Statement, Account or Estimate in Writing, shall or ought to have been delivered by the said Appellant to the Assessor, produce or cause to be produced before the said Commissioners a true, perfect and complete Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate, as the Case may require, to the best of the Judgment and Belief of the said Appellant, with a Declaration in Writing thereunto annexed, to the Effect herein after mentioned; (that is to say) the said Appellant shall declare that the Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate to which the said Declaration is annexed, doth contain all Matters and Things required of the said Appellant to be returned by him or her, for which he or file is chargeable by virtue of any Act or Acts, to the best of his or her Judgment and Belief; which Return and Declaration shall severally and respectively be signed by the said Appellant in the proper Name and Hand-writing of the said Appellant; and in default of the Production of such Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate, by or on the Behalf of the said Appellant, with such Declaration annexed, the said Commissioners shall confirm the Charge or Objection against which such Appeal was made.

Fifteenth. — Upon every Charge allowed or confirmed by the respective Commissioners, in the whole or in part, upon which any Increase of Duty shall be made, the Assessments thereupon shall be made in Double the Amount of Duty which shall have been charged in the Supplementary Assessments on occasion of such Charge, unless where the fame is otherwise provided for by this Act.

Sixteenth. — Where an amended Return, with a Declaration annexed thereto, shall not be delivered to the Surveyor or Inspector, and where no Lift, Statement, Account or Estimate with such Declaration annexed es aforesaid shall be produced to the said Commissioners, on the Hearing of such Appeal, it shall not be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to make any Abatement, Defalcation or Remission of the said Double Duty or any Part thereof, but the same shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Assessment; unless the Party charged shall have given Notice of his or her Consent to the Charge of the said Surveyor or Inspector, or unless the said respective Commissioners shall be of Opinion, that the said Surveyor or Inspector was or were enabled, to corrtd or amend the tirft Assessments of the said Duties for that Year, according to the Directions of thi* Ad, by means of or by Reference to the original Return of the Party so charged, in which Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall h^ve confirmed such Charge, at the same time to remit and strike off the Whole of the said Double Duty.

Seventeenth. — Upon every Charge confirmed upon Appeal, if the said Commissioners shall, after Examination of the Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence produced on his or her Behalf, as directed by the said Acts respectively, be of Opinion that the alledged Default, Neglect, Omission or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, hath been duly accounted for, and that the Cause or Causes have been truly stated in any amended Return and annexed Declaration, and that the Appellant had a just or reasonable Cause of controverting the said Charge, and that the said Default, Negl.ct, Omission or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, was not wilfully made and with Litention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners.

'7T

Vexatious

Clarge,

Proviso

Appeal.

Production of Lilia, &. c.

Charges confirmed in default of Production.

Assessinrnt* made in Double Duty, &. c.

In what case DmiMc Duty

remitted*

Double Duty remitted uherf Delimit has been corrected l»y Party' Uciunu-

A.D. 1810.

Moiety of Double Duly remitted where Default not fraudulent.

In what case the whole of Double Duty remitted, &c.

In what case no Double Duty.

Reward to Officer*.

Charge* not to be made after Objections to ERimates of fhrae Property.

f barges may be made alter Ob-jeciions in cir-tain cases.

Objection to be made be'ore Assessment.

Charges 10 be made in a limited time.

Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, although they shall have confirmed the Charge in part or in the whole, at the same time to remit and (trike off the whole of the Double Duty.

Eighteenth. — Upon every Charge confirmed upon Appeal, although no amended Return shall have been delivered to the Surveyor or Inspector as allowed by this Act, if the said Commissioners shall, after Examin&-tion of the Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence produced on his or her Behalf, as directed by the said Act respectively, be of Opinion that the alledged Default, Neglect, Omission or Claim of Exemption, Allowance or Deduction, was not wilfully made, and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, at the same time to remit and ilrike off any Part of the said Double Duty, not exceeding One Moiety thereof; Provided that in every such case if the Appellant shall prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that he or she hath been prevented from making such amended Return within the time herein limited by Absence or Sickness or other sufficient Cause, and that such Default, Neglect, Omission or Claim as aforesaid was not wilfully made, and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit and strike off the Whole of the said Double Duty.

Nineteenth. — Nothing herein contained shall be construed to graat the Double Duty, or any Part thereof, on any of the said Duties, if the Party charged shall not by the Laws in Force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, be directed to return the Article, Matter or Thing on which the said Duties shall be chargeable, and for which the said Party was so charged.

Twentieth. — Every Increase of Duty made by occasion of such Charges, whether the Whole of the Double Duty shall be remitted or not, and also the Double Duty, or such Part thereof which shall not be remitted, shall be certified on the Supplemental Assessments to be made for each Year under the Hands of the said respective Commissioners or any Two of them, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall have Authority to direct the Receiver General who shall have received the said Increase and Double Duty, to pay to the said Surveyor and Inspector out of the fame in such Proportions as they shall think proper, or to either of them as they fee fit, any Sum of Money not exceeding the Rate which mall have been settled by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, as a Reward for their Labour and Diligence in making such Increase of Duty 5 and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, shall be a Warrant to the said Receiver General to pay the same.

Twenty first. — The Determination of the Commissioners acting for the General Purposes of the Ada re« lating to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades or Offices, upon any Ob-jcdion made by the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties to the Estimate or Value of any Property, or to the Estimate of the Profits of any Profession, Trade or Office on which any Assessment after Appeal shall be made, shall be construed to preclude any Surveyor or Inspector from afterwards making a further Charge on the same Person or Persons for the fame Property or Profits for the same Year of Assessment; and in like manner, the Determination of the said Commissioners upon every such Objection to the Estimates or Value delivered by the Assessors of the Property in any Parish, Ward or Place in which Assessments after Appeal shall be made, shall preclude the Surveyor or Inspector from afterwards making a further Charge on the fame Property in the same Parish, Ward or Place in that Year.

Twenty second. — The Objection of any Surveyor or Inspector to the Estimate or Estimates of any Person or Persons, or of the Assessor or Assessors of any Parish, Ward or Place, or to any Assessment or Assessments of additional Commissioners in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, in relation to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, shall not be construed t^» preclude any Surveyor or Inspector from aft' rwards charging the same Person or Persons for any other Property, or the Profits of any other Profession, Trade or Office not included in the Estimate or Estimates, Assessment or Assessments before objected to, and determined as aforesaid; nor to preclude any Surveyor or Inspector from afterwards ob-jeding to any other Estimate or Estimates, or Assessment or AflVffments, or from afterwards charging any other Person or Persons in the same Parish, Ward or Place, or in any other Parish, Ward or Place in the lame or any other Division, in respect of any Property or the Profits of any Profession, Trade or Office, not before objected to and determined as aforesaid; and the respective Commissioners acting for the General Purposes of the said last mentioned Acts are hereby llridly enjoined and required to sign and allow such last mentioned Objections and Charges according to the Directions of the said Acts, in respect of the Powers therein given to such Surveyor and Inspector; provided, that all such Objections and Charges be made within the Times herein respectively limited.

Twenty third. — from and after the passing of this Act, every Objection to the Estimates directed to be made by the said last mentioned Acts, in relation to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Pro-sessions. Trades or Offices, shall be made before the First Assessments on such Estimates shall have been signed and allowed by the Commissioners for the Generals Purposes of the said Acts, and not afterwards.

Twenty fourth. — No Charge upon any Assessment under the said last mentioned Acts, in relation to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades or Offices, shall be allowed or signed, unless the Certificate thereof shall be delivered to the respective Commissioners before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of such Assessment, in case such Assessment shall have been made on or before the said Fifth Day of January, or if such Assessmer.t shall not thsn have been made, unless the Certificate of Charge thereon shall be delivered to the said Commissioners within Three Calendar Months after such Assessment shall have been made, except in the Cases herein after mentioned*

Twenty

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. 105. 175

Twenty fifth. — If any Person or Persons shall have neglected to make a Return of Property or Profits as When Charge* required by the said last mentioned Acts, and no Estimate of the said Property or Profits, nor #any Assessment Property shall be made thereupon for any Year, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Inspector, on Discovery thereof om^ed "y* at any time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Year, when such Return ought to Ba c* have been made, to charge such Person or Persons to the Amount which ought to have been returned, in like manner as such Persons might have been charged within the Year of Assessment; and the like Proceedings shall be thereupon had, as if such Discovery and Charge had been made within the Year of Assessment; and every Assessment thereupon made shall be added to the current Assessments of the Parish, Wardfor Place, in the manner herein directed*

Twenty sixth. — If any Person or Persons shall by any Falsehood, wilful Neglect, Fraud, Covin or Con- In c*feof F<an<f, trivance whatever, escape from Taxation for the Profits of any diflind Property, Profession, Trade or Office Chaise 10 be fer any Year, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Inspector, within the like Period of Twelve Calendar Months as aforesaid, to charge such Person or Persons to Double the Amount of Duty which ought to have been charged in the Year of Assessment upon such diflind Property, Profession, Trade or Office; and upon Proof of such Falsehood, wilful Neglect, Fraud, Covin or Contrivance to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to whom such Charge shall be certified, the Assessment on the said Double Duty shall stand good, and be added to the Supplementary Assessments of the current Year of the Parish, Ward or Place; and no Part thereof shall be remitted on any Pretence whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Provisions in the preceding Clause of this Act, relating to Provision* before Charges in the Single Duty as aforesaid, shall be construed, so far as the fame respect the Duties of Assessed mentioned relate Taxes in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, as applicable to the Provisions of an Act passed in the !nS l.°

Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties under JXting'tQ* the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Tares, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for Surcharge* m granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties cf Excise on Licences, and Double Duty, on Carriages confirnBcd by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the to be oonttnied said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by AuBion or V, v^thom°of Commission; and any other A Cl or Acts for regulating the said Duties respectively, and relating to Sur-charges in the Double Duty, and as far as the said Provisions respect the Duties arising from the Profits ail(j of Property, Professions, Trades and Offices in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the same shall be 46 G. 3. < 65, construed as applicable to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Pro-sessions, Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for colleBinv the said Duties; and any other Act or Acts for regulating the said Duties respectively, and relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and as if the said Provisions in the said Clause of this Act relating to Charges in the Single Duty had been expressly applied to the Provisions of the said Acts respectively relating to Surcharges in the Double Duty, and had been respectively enacted therein 5 and all Provisions, Clauses, Provision* in Matters and Things in the said several Acts respectively, which are repugnant to the Provisions in the Acts repugnant said Clause of this Act, and for which other Provisions are made in this Act, except such Provisions, hereto repealed. Clauses, Matters and Things therein as relate to Surcharges ii^ the Double Duty which are herein declared to be applicable to the Provisions of this Act shall severally cease and determine.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Commissioner or Commissioners acting in the Execution CororoifTior.cn of any such Act or Acts herein mentioned, or of this Act, shall, by Information, or other Process or Proceed- aAing not liable ings whatsoever at the Suit or on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, be proceeded XQ SuitJ* against or impleaded for or by reason of any Matter or Thing he or they may do or determine, or may

refuse or omit to do in or about the Execution of any such Act or Acts, and upon the Trial of such Information or other Process a Verdict shall be given, or any Order or Rule of Court shall be made for such Commissioner or Commissioners, or such Information or other Process or Proceeding shall be discontinued or withdrawn, or difinifled the Court in which they shall have been prosecuted, then, and in either of the said Cases, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be entitled to his or their full Costs of Suit, to be taxed Cost*. by the proper Officer of such Court as between Attorney and Client; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to direct the Receiver General of the County within which any such Commissioner or Commissioners shall act, and the said Receiver General is hereby required to pay such taxed Costs out of any Money in his Hands arising from the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and which shall be allowed in the Accounts of the said Receiver General.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His 43 G. 3. c. 16l. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners §29> repealed* for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases

therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conjlruded by Coach-makers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons filing Carriages by AuBion or on Commission, as directs that every Person who should begin to retain or employ any Male Servant, or other Male Person therein defcished, or keep or use any Carriage, f such Servant or Carriage not being in the Place or Stead of any former one liable to the like Duty) or to uie or exercise the Trade of an Horsedealer, or Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages,

jo* GEORGII III.

176

Notice to Assessor.

<3 G. 3. c. 99. $46.

Tim« for mating out and delivering Duplicates " of A (Tollmen U enlarged.

No Person liav-ing made out Lists of the greeted N umber of Servatts, &c. shall be compellable to make out a fresh Lift.

l'jovifa.

In what cases Double Duty struck oft*

C. 105.

A.D. 1810.

riages, or a Seller thereof by Audi on or on Commission, or to wear or use Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, or who should cease to retain or employ any Male Servant, or to keep or life any Carriage liable to the Duty without retaining or employing any other Male Servant or other Male Person therein described, or keeping or using any other Carriage liable to the like Duty in the Place or Stead of such Servant or Carriage, or who should cease to use or exercise the said Trade or Business of an Horsedealer, or of a Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Auction or on Commission, or to wear or use any Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, should, within Twenty Days after he or she should so begin or cease to retain or employ such Servant or other Male Person, or to keep or use such Carriage, or to use or exercise such Trade or Trades, or to wear or use any Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Assessor or Assessors for the District, Parish or Place where he or she should reside, and a List of the Number of such Servants and Carriages, and the Incre3fe or Decrease made thereby, and the particular Rate of Duty to which he or she should be liable as having used or exercised such Trade or Trades, or worn or used Hair Powder or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, describing in such Notice every such Servant or other Male, Person by his proper Name, and the several Capacities in which Servants or other Male Persons respectively should be or should have been retained or employed, and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name and Description, distinguishing the Number of Bodies used with, and of Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and the Number of Horses used in drawing any such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, and also distinguishing each such Carriage liable as a taxed Cart, and the Name or Names and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who ought to return such Lifts; shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And whereas by the said last mentioned Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign. it is enacted, That the respective Commissioners should cause Two Duplicates of every Assessment to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, within One Month at farthest after the Tenth Day of February+ 4 after the making the said Assessment yearly, to be delivered as therein is mentioned under a Penalty on the Clerk to the said Commissioners who shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Duplicates within the time before directed: And whereas it is necessary to give further time for making out and delivering*such Duplicates; Be it further enacted, That in respect of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, the said respective Commissioners shall cause the Duplicates required by the said Act to be made out after the time appointed by the said Act for making the Supplementary Assessments of the said Duties yearly, and within One Month at farthest after all Appeals from the said Supplementary Assessments shall have been heard and determined, and so that the fame may be delivered to the Receiver General and to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively, on or before the Day to be appointed for the Receipt of the last Instalment of the said Duties next after the Fifth Day of jfpril yearly; and in respect of the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, the said respective Commissioners shall cause the Duplicates required by the said Act to be made out after the Time appointed by this Act, for making the Supplementary Assessments of the said last mentioned Duties yearly, and within One Month at farthest after all Appeals from the said Supplementary Assessments shall have been heard and determined, and so that the fame may be delivered to the Receiver General and to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes -respectively, on or before the Day to be appointed for the Receipt of the last Instalment of the said last mentioned Duties next after the Fifth Day of July yearly; and no Clerk to the said respective Commissioners who shall make out and deliver the respective Duplicates required by the said Act within the time aforesaid shall be sued er prosecuted for, or liable to the Penalty contained in the said Act by reason of not making out or delivering the said respective Duplicates within the time directed by the said Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall in the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten, or in any Year, have made out, signed and delivered in the Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or shall in any future Year make out, sign and deliver in like manner, Lists of the greatest Number of Servants or other Male Persons retained or employed, and of Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs kept by such Person, or of having worn or used Hair Powder or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, in the Course of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of Jtpril preceding the Delivery of such Lift, and who shall continue to retain or employ the like Number and Description of Servants or other Malt Persons, and keep the like Number and Description of Carriages, Horles, Mules and Dogs respectively, or wear or use Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, in the like manner subject to the like Duty as in the Year to which such Lift related, and in the fame Ward, Parish or Place, shall be obliged to make out, sign and deliver such Lifts or either of them, in any succeeding Year, nor be subject or liable to any Penalty for omitting or neglecting so to do, so long as such Person shall continue to reside in such Ward, Parish or Place, and shall not be chargeable in any other Ward, Parish or Place, for any Servant, Carriage, Horse, Mule or Dog kept by such Person: Provided always, that such Person shall in each Year deliver or cause to be delivered to the Assessor or Assessors of the Ward, Parish or Place, Notice in Writing that he or (lie is desirous of being charged for the fame Articles, Matters and Things as in the preceding Year; and every such Notice shall be an Authority for the said Commissioners to charge such Person in the First AflVffments for that Year for the fame Articles, Matters and Tilings respectively, for which such Person flood charged in the Assessments of the preceding Year.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Charge by any Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, of any of the Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs, and for tiling Hair Powder, or Armorial Ensigns, where it shall be proved on Appeal to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners a ding for the Dm-

fiou.

A.D. 1810.

177

50' GEORGII III. C. 105, 106.

iion, that there was any Doubt whether the Article or Articles so charged was or were rateable within the meaning of the said Acts, or any of them, and that, the Omission thereof or alledged Default was not wilfully made and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to remit or ilrike off the whole of the Double Duty chargeable on the Person or Persons so charged.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be charged in pursuance of this Act by the Certi- Tirr.c allowed ficates of any Surveyor or Inspector, shall have the full Period of Ten Days after Service of the Notice of for delivering in such Charge, to deliver his or her amended Return to such Surveyor or Inspector, according to the Directions amended Return, of this Aci, and no Certificate of such Charge shall be signed or allowed by the said Commissioners, nor any

Appeal shall be heard from such Charge before the Expiration of such Period of Ten Days; and if the Person so charged shall before the Expiration of the said Period deliver a Return and Declaration as aforesaid, which the said Surveyor or Inspector shall ohjedl to, then such Return and Declaration shall be deemed to be a sufficient Notice of Appeal from such Charge to the Commissioners of the Division, who are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter thereof, according to the Directions of this Act; and if the Person so charged shall not before the Expiration of the said Period of Ten Days deliver a Return or Declaration as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Appearance before the said Commissioners of the Person charged, or some Person on his or her Behalf, and the Delivery to them of such Lift and Declaration as is hereinbefore required on the Day or Days appointed for hearing Appeals from the Charges of such Surveyor or Inspector, to hear and determine the Matter of such Charge, according to the Directions of this Act, notwithstanding the Person so charged shall not have given any previous Notice of his or her Intention to appeal; Provided that in default of the Appearance of the Party charged before the said Commissioners, or some Person on his or her behalf, on such Day or Days of Appeal, or in default of the Production of such .Lift or Declaration as aforesaid, the Certificate of such Charge shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any such Declaration as aforesaid shall wilfully and fraudulently declare any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every Person so offending, and being MifUemeauur. thereof lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be committed to the Gaol of the County, Riding or Shire where such Offence shall be tried, for any Space of time not exceeding 8»x Calendar Months, and shall be fined in such Sum, not exceeding Treble the Amount of Duty for which such Person shall have been charged, as the Court before whom such Trial shall be had shall think fit to order.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment for such Misdemeanor in making a false Declaration as aforesaid, whether such Declaration shall be made within Great Britain or without, (lialT be laid, tried and determined in the County, Riding or Shire where such Declaration shall be exhibited, to the respective Commissioners of the Duties to which such Declaration shall relate.

XI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties of AJfeJfed Taxes, and of the Tax uton the Prof is of Prr.m 4 ferty, ProfcJfions> Trades and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collection of the fame, certain Rules and Directions are contained for paying to the Receiver General and accounting for the Duties received by the Colledlorsin that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid; And whereas it is expedient that the fame should be altered and amended in certain Particulars Be it further enacted, That whenever any Schedule of Arrears shall have been or shall be transmitted by the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts in relation to the Duties therein mentioned, or any of them, to the Receiver General of the said respective Duties, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be of Opinion that the said Duties in Arrear might more conveniently be collected by the respective Collectors of the said Duties in their respective Did ridls, according to the Directions of the several Acts granting the said Duties, or other Acts relating to the said respective Duties, than by Process to be issued out of the Court of Exchequer, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, td direct the said Receiver General to return the said Schedules to the said respective Commissioners from whom he or they received the fame; and the said respective Commissioners shall cause the said Duties in Arrear to be levied under all or any of the Powers and by any of the ways and methods prescribed in the said Acts respectively, without Delay.

Indictment for false EecUraiioft how laid, &c.

48 G. 0. c. 141. No. 5.

Arrear* of Du»i«s

may be collected.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for regulating the Manner of assessing Lands, in certain Cases, to the Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Profession?, Trades and Offices, and for giving Relief from the said Duties on Occasion of Losses, in other Cases therein mentioned.

[20th June x81 o.-j

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for grant- c. 6$.

4 W ing certain Duties on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, the Duty §ch* A* 3*

on Lands and Tenements is thereby directed to be estimated and assessed according to a general Rule in the said Act set forth: And whereas Doubts are entertained as to the manner of applying the said Rule to the

Cases of Lands demised, in the manner and under the Circumstances herein contained May it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament,

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon every Demise for Years of Lands situate in any

Part of Great Britain, made or to be made in consideration of a Rent reserved, and also in consideration of Undtt refcncA

certain Improvements to be made iathe Lands demised at the proper Cost and Charge of the Leffep or Te- Rent, «*dh*

; o Geo. III. A a nant,

i7&

C. ro6.

508 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Eoffes fuftu'mtd

by Occupier* a.ixl Owuert.

Relief

extended tf>Or-i'upi< rs atul Owners where Owners incapable (if consenting to Abatement of Kent.

Abatement of

Aficihiietit in mfc of Losses,

nant, if it (Hall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the general Purposes of the said Act, acting for the Division where such Lands are situate, that the Rent referred hath been settled on the Estimate of the Medium annual Value of the said Lands, computed on an Average for the whole Term granted in expedition of the progressive Improvement of the said Farm, at the Cost and Charge of the said Lessee o* Tenant, and that the said annual Rent is fixed and made payable to the fam; Amount in each Year on the said Average, whereby the said Rent so estimated and made payable did or doth exceed the just annual Value of the said Lands> as the fame were or are worth to be let at Rack Rent on or at the Commencement of the Term granted in and by the said Demise, then, and in every such case, the Estimate of the annual Value of the said Lands, and the Assessment thereupon, shall be made and computed according to the following Rules; that is to say, in regard that the Rent reserved hath been settled on a fair Average of the annual Value of the said Lands, computed on the whole of the Term so granted, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in evefy such case as aforesaid, and they are hereby required on due Proof of the Circumstances before mentioned, to cause the said Duty payable in respect of the Property in the said Lands to be estimated, computed and charged on the Amount of the Rent so reserved and made payable as aforesaid, for each Year of Assessment during the said Term to come after the passing of this Act, without Variation during the said Term; subject nevertheless to such Deductions as by the said Act are allowed; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required in every such Case, to cause the said Duty payable in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands, to be estimated, computed and charged on the full and just Value of the said Lands, to be ascertained at the times and in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, on all such Demises made before the passing of this Act the annual Value of the said Lands shall be the Rack Rent at which the same are worth to be let by the Year, to be ascertained at the Commencement of the First Year of Assessment after the passing of this Act, by a Valuation to be made thereof under the Powers and according to the Directions of the said Act, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, which Valuation shall be in force for the Term of Seven Years of Assessment, if the said Demise of the said Lands shall not sooner expire 5 arid a like Valuation of the said Lands shall be made at the End of every Seventh Year of Afftlfment during the Continuance of the said Demise, and the Amount ascertained by such Valuation shall be deemed to be the Rack Rent at which the said Lands are worth to be let for each Period of Seven Years, if the said Demise shall not sooner expire, and the Assessment thereupon shall in each Year during the said respective Periods bf, Seven Years te made on the last or preceding Valuation 5 and on all such Demises to be made after the passing of this Act, the annual Value of the said Lands shall be the Rack Rent at which the same are worth to be let by the Year, to be ascertained at the Commencement of the said Demise by a like Valuation to be made thereof in Manner aforesaid, and to be renewed at the End of every Seventh Year during the said Demise; and each Valuation so made shall be in force for the Term of Seven Years, and shall govern the Assessment to be made in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands, in like manner as is before directed.

II. And whereas LoflVs have been occasioned by Floods or Tempests, for which Relief should be granted ' to the Occupiers of such Lands on which Damage has been fu^ained, and also to the Owners thereof who shall have granted Compensations to their Tenants on occasion of such Losses Be it further enacted, That whenever by Floods or Tempests any Loss shall have been or shall be sustained on the erowing Crops, or on the Stock on Lands demised to a Tenant or Tenants at a reserved Rent without Fine or other Sum paid, given or contrafted for, in lieu of a reserved Rent or any Part thereof, or the said Lands or any Part thereof shall by such Floods or Tempests be rendered incapable of Cultivation for any Year, and it shall have been or shall be proved on Oath or solemn Affirmation to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the general Purposes of the said Act, acting for the Division where the said Lands are situate, that the Owner or Owners of the said Lands hath or have in consideration of such Losses abated or agreed to abate to his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, the Whole or any Proportion of the Rent reserved or payable by such Tenant or Tenants, for any Year or Years of such Demise, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to abate in the Assessment made in respect of the Property in the said Lands under the said Act for the same Year or Years for which such Rent hath been abated, and to discharge therefrom the Whole or the like Proportion of Duty as the said Owner or Owners shall appear on such Proof as aforesaid to have abated of or from the Rent reserved and made payable to him or them on such Demise; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners in every such Case to abate in the Assessment made in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands for the same Year or Years, and to discharge therefrom the like Proportion of Duty as shall have been abated or discharged from the Assessment made irv respect of the Property on the said Lands for the Cause aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever from the like Cause or cause6 as aforesaid, the like Loflca shall have been sustained on the Lands of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, or other Proprietor incapable of consenting to any Abatement in the Rent as aforesaid, being in the Occupation of any Tenant or Tenants as aforesaid, and the same shall have been proved before the said Commissioners to their Satisfaction, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them to abate in the Assessment made in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands; and to discharge the Whole or any Part of the said Duty, and in proportion to the Losses so sustained and to the Amount which the said Commissioners should be of Opinion would or ought to have been abated, pursuant to the Provisions of the preceding Clause, rf the said Lands had belonged to a 'Proprietor of full Age and of found Mind, and capable of such Consent as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever from the like Cause or Causes as aforesaid, the like Losses shall have been sustained on Lands in the Occupation of the*Owner or Owners, and the same shall have been or shall be proved before the said Commissioners to their Satisfaction on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them to alate in the several Assessments made in respect of the Property in or Occupation of the

7 said

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. 106, 107.

laid Lands, and to discharge the Whole or any Part of the said respective Duties, and in proportion to the Losses so sustained, and to the Amount which the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion would or ought to have been abated, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Clause if the said Lands had been demised to a Teuant, and a proportionate Abatement had or ought to have been made to such Tenant under the Circum-fiance* of the said Loss.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon all Claims made before the passing of this Act to Commissioners for the general Purposes of the said Act, for Abatements for Losses sustained by any Cause or Causes before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Abatements in like manner and to the like Extent, and in the like Cases and under the like Circumstances, as they are herein authorized to give Relief upon Claims to be made after the passing of this Act, and all Abatements of Duty made by Commissioners in the like Cases and under the like Circumstances as aforesaid, are hereby declared to be confirmed and valid and of the like Force as if the Claims for such Abatements, or such Abatements had been respectively made in pursuance of this Act; and the said respective Commissioners are hereby indemnified for so doing.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of making any false Claim for such Abatement as aforesaid, or shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance in making such Claim, or in obtaining any such Abatement, or shall fraudulently or untruly declare the Amount or Value of such Losses, or the Amount or Value of any Abatement made or agreed to be made in the Rent of the Lands in his or her Occupation, on account of such Losses, with Intent fraudulently to obtain any such Abatement, he, she or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and Treble the Amount of Duty charged on such Person or Persons in respect of the said Lands; and if any Owner or Owners of any such Lands whereon such Losses have been sustained, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall aid, abet or afliftany Person or Persons charged to the said Duties, in making such false or fraudulent Claim, or shall fraudulently or untruly declare the Amount or Value of any Abatement made or agreed to be made in the Rent of the said Lands or Amount of such Losses, with intent fraudulently to obtain for himself, herself or themselves, or for his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, or for the Owner or Owners, or Tenant or Tenants of the said Lands, any such Abatement as aforesaid, every such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; which several Penalties shall be recovered and applied as any Penalties may be recovered and applied by the said Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Profits arising from the Docks called the East India Docks, situate in the County of Middlesex, shall be assessed by the Commissioners acting for the City of London, under the said Act for granting Duties arising from the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, so lpng as the general Accounts of the said Docks shall be made up within the said City.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to regulate the Examination and Payment of Assignments for Clothing of His Majesty's

Forces.

[20th June iSio.j

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the more effectually regulating the said Office: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended as to examining and Payment of Assignments for the Clothing of His Majesty's Foiccs May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre(9tft Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, all Assignments from Colonels or other Officers commanding Regiments, Corps, Troops or Companies in His Majesty's Regular and Fencible Forces, br the Clothing of such Regiments, Corps, Troops and Companies for any Period commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, or commencing from any subsequent Period, shall be transmitted to and lodged with the Secretary at War, to be examined and checked with the proper Establishments of the several Regiments, Corps, Troops and Companies, for which such Assignments shall have been given, and the Amounts of Money to be issued for the Payment of such Assignments shall be ascertained by the Officer of the Secretary at War, in such manner, and under such Regulations as shall be from time to time made by the Secretary at War in that behalf 5 and all Monies to be issued in respect of such Assignments shall be included and specified in Warrants to be made out for that Purpose; and all Payments to be made by the Pay* mailer General of His Majesty's Forces, in respect of any such Assignments, shall be made and issued upon such Warrants only and not otherwise 5 and such Warrant shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Paymaster General for such Issue and Payment, any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized or empowered by any Warrant or Order under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to permit and allow any Military Clothing, Accoutrements or Appointments for His Majesty's Forces to be exported and f«nt to any of His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad, whether in His Majesty's Dominions or otherwise, free of any Duty of Customs or Excise, or other Duty whatsoever, under such Restrictions and Regulations as shall be specified in any such Warrant or Order, or in any general Warrant or Order, made in that behalf, and transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Regulation of the Export

'A a 2 of

179

Indemnification

of Coimuiflhjn-«ra.

Making false Cltdui.

[Penalty.]

Aiding.

[Penalty.]

East India Dock Com any how a tic fled.

4b G. 3. Cs »*.

Assignments from Cokmc!s, &c. for Clothing of Regiments, fkc. transmitted to Secretary at War.

Warrants fur Payment.

Tratfury may

permit fexport*-tiou of Mifitaiyt Clothing, &.e..Duly frtc.

i8o

9 G.3« c. 15.

99.

S*9.

lepcaled.

Mailers and Apprentices and Mariners and Landmen, employed in Fishing Vessels limited in Number acord-ingio Tonnage, piote&erl from being impressed.

Affidavit to be made and font to the Adm'r i ty, defcvibing Vessc!s. and IVrflms to l»c protected, and l'rutections to be granted.

C. 107, 108. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

of any such Clothing-, Accoutrements or Appointments, any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and the Protection of the Persons employed therein.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Act 4 AS for the better supplying the Cities of London and We (t mi nfter with Fishy and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof and to proteS and encourage Fishermen, certain Persons therein described, being the

Mailers of Fishing Snips, Smacks, Vessels or Boats employed in the Fishery on any of the Sea Coalts of Great Britain, or in any of the navigable Rivers within Great Britain, and Apprentices, Mariners and Land*

men employed in such Vessels, to a limited Number, according to the Tonnage of such Vessels, were protested from being impressed into the Naval Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors 5 and the Lord High Admiralot Great Britain^ or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, were thereby empowered to grant such Protections: And whereas it hath been found since the passing of the said Act that various Sorts of Fish-

retire in the Winter Season into deeper Water, and it has therefore become necessary, for the Supply of the

Metropolis and other Parts of the Kingdom with such Fish at all Seasons of the Year, to build and use much larger Clafies of Fishing Vessels, which cannot with Safety or Profit be navigated without a greater Number of Men and Boys than are allowed to be exempt from being impressed under the said Act: And whereas the encouraging the taking of Apprentices on such Voyages is highly beneficial, in establishing

Nursery for Seamen for His Majesty's Navy 5 and it is therefore expedient that the Provisions of the said Act, as to exempting Persons employed in the Vessels therein described, should be amended, and should, a*

4 to all Fishing Vessels, be extended to Fishing in the deep Seas beyond the Coalts, and to a greater Number of Apprentices May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the exempting the Persons employed in Vessels in the Fisheries from being impressed shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; save and except as to any Protections from being impressed to which any Person may be entitled under the said Act, which shall remain* in full force for their full Period as if the said Act had remained in full force.

II. And be it also enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person herein after specified who shall be employed in the Fisheries of these Kingdoms, shall be freed and exempted from being impressed into the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, other than and except in the Cases herein after excepted, that is to say, First, every Mailer who shall have the Care or Conduct of any Fishing Vessel or Boat which shall be employed in the Fisheries of this Kingdom, and who or some Owner of which Fishing Vessel or Boat shall have or within Six Calendar Months before the applying for any Protection as herein after is allowed, shall have had Oue or more Apprentice or Apprentices under the Age of Sixteen Years, each bound to him or to any such Owner as aforesaid, for a Term not less than Five Years, and which Apprentice or Apprentices in purftiance of such binding actually shall be or have been in the Service of such Matter or Owner in the Bulin^p of a Fisherman: Secondly, every such Apprentice, not exceeding the Number of Eight Apprentices to every Matter or Owner as aforesaid of any Fishing Vessel of the Burthen of Fifty Tons and upwards, and not exceeding Seven Apprentices to every Matter or Owner as aforesaid of every Fishing Vessel of the Burthen of Thirty five Tons and upwards, and under Fifty Tons, and not exceeding Six Apprentices to every such Matter or Owner as aforesaid of any Fishing Vessel of or above the Burthen of Thirty Tons and under Thirty five Tons, and not exceeding the Number of Four Apprentices to every such Matter or Owner as aforesaid of any Fishing Vessel or Boat under the said Burthen of Thirty Tons, during the time every such respective Apprentice as aforesaid shall continue as an Apprentice in the actual Service of such his Matter only, or of his Representatives or Assigns, in the Business of a Fisherman, and in no other Service, and until the respective Age of Twenty Years of every such Apprentice who shall so long continue in the Fishing Trade: Thirdly, One Mariner for every such Vessel or Boat of Ten Tons Burthen and upwards, besides the Matter and his Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, who shall be employed to navigate or fish in any Fishing Vessel or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards during the time such Mariner shall continue and be so actually and truly employed in the said Fishing Service: and, Fourthly, any Landmen above the Age of Eighteen Years and under Thirty Years, who shall enter on hoard any such Fishing Vessel or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards, and be actually employed in navigating or fishing therein, for and during the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the time of his first going to Sea, employed as aforesaid in any such Fishing Vessel or Boat of the Burthen of Ten Tons or upwards as aforesaid, and to the End of any Fishing Voyage he may then be engaged in, and if he shall continue and be so long really and truly employed in such Service.

III. And be it further enacted, That on an Affidavit sworn before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, that the Person or Persons named and described in such Affidavit is or are within some or one of the Descrip-tious hereinbefore specified, and inserting therein the Tonnage of every such Fishing Vessel or Boat, and the' Port or Place to which Ihe belongs, " and the Name and Description of every such Matter, and the Age of every such Apprentice, and the Term for which every such Apprentice shall be bound and the Date of his Indenture*

1

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 108.

Cure, and the Name, Age and Description of every such Mariner and Landman respectively, and the Time of every such Landman's first going to Sea, being offered to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or left at the Office of Admiralty, the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being is and are hereby directed and required, with all convenient Speed after every such Affidavit shall be tendered to him or them or left at the Admiralty Office(unless he or they shall have reasonable Cause to suspect the Truth of any such Affidavit, and in every such Case he and they is and are hereby directed to cause Enquiry to be made into the Truth of the Matters contained in every such Affidavit) from time to time to grant a Separate Protection to every Such Person as aforesaid respectively during the time he is allowed by this Act to be protested, and without any Fee or Reward to be paid or taken for the fame; and every Person who shall be impressed contrary to the Intent of this Act shall, on producing the Protection which ffia!l have been granted to him in pursuance of this Act, to the Commanding Officer who shall have in his Custody or under his Care any such impressed Person as aforesaid, be forthwith discharged and released by such Commanding Officer.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if during the Continuance of any Protection which shall be granted under this Act, any Person who shall be thereby protested shall be impressed to serve His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors (other than and except in the Case of an actual Invasion of these Kingdoms, or imminent Danger thereof) and signified by some Order of His Majesty, or his Heirs, or of his or their Privy Council, to the Lord High Admiral, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the time being, and on producing the Protection which shall have been so granted to him to the Commanding Officer of the Party or Gang who shall impressany such Person protested as aforesaid, or if offering to produce the fame for the Inspection of such the Commanding Officer, any such Commanding Officer shall refuse or neglect to fee or examine such Protection, or shall detain the fame Protection from the Party entitled thereto, and shall not forthwith discharge the Party who shall be so impressed; or if the Party so impressed shall be carried on board any Ship or Vessel of or in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the Captain or any Officer who shall have the Command on board any such Ship or Vessel «f or in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall not on any such Protection granted as aforesaid being produced or tendered to him, or if such Protection shall have be£n taken away from the Party to whom it was so granted, at or after his having been so impressed, then if on an Affidavit being made before some Justice or Justices of the Peace that such Protection was so granted and continues in Force and was taken away from the Party to whom the fame was so granted, either at or after the time he was impressed, and being tendered to the Captain or Officer who shall have the Command on board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, such Captain or Officer having the Command as aforesaid shall not forthwith discharge the Party who shall have been so impressed and brought on shipboard as aforesaid, or if any Captain or Officer having Command as aforesaid, or any of the Crew or Company under him, shall take away or detain any such Protection granted as aforesaid, then every Person who in any of the said Cases shall so offend, except in the Cases hereinbefore excepted, shall respectively forfeit and pay to the Party impressed, if not an Apprentice, and if an Apprentice, then to the respective Matter of every such Apprentice, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied in like manner as other Forfeitures incurred by this Act are herein after directed to be recovered and levied.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Seaman or Mariner after he shall have entered into any Agreement or taken any Earned for the Performance of any Fiffiing Voyage or for any stipulated time of any Fiffiing Season, shall neglect or refuse to proceed on the intended Voyage or Voyages for which he shall have engaged or taken Earned, every such Seaman or Mariner shall forfeit for every Inch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, and it shall and may be lawful, upon Complaint made thereof to any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions by the Master or Owner or Owners, or any other Person Waving* Charge or Command of the Vessel or Boat in which such Seaman or Mariner engaged to go, for such Justice, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant to apprehend such Seaman or Mariner, and in case such Seaman or Mariner shall not pay such Penalty, or give sufficient Reason for such Refusal to the Satisfaction of such Justice, then to commit such Seaman or Mariner to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, nor less than Fourteen Days.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Owner of any Ship, Vessel or Boat shall hire, entice, harbour, entertain or employ in any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, any Apprentice, Seaman or Landman, belonging to any Fishing Vessel or Boat, or who shall have engaged to go on any Fiffiing Voyage, knowing that such Apprentice, Seaman or Landman does belong to such Fiffiing Vessel, or has engaged to go on a Fiffiing Voyage, or after Notice given thereof, every such Master or Owner as aforesaid, on being convicted of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered and applied in manner herein after specified.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions shall hear and determine all Offences committed against the true Intent of this Act, and that all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and made payable by this Act, whereof the time of Payment is not hereinbefore directed, shall be paid within Twenty four Hours after the Conviction of the Offender, either by his or her Confession, or by the Oathvof One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath every Justice within his respective Jurisdiction is hereby authorized and required to administer, and that any Justice or Justices within his or their respectice Jurisdiction may issue a Wanant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals respectively, directed to any Peace Officer within their respective Jurisdiction, to levy the same by Distress of Goods and Chatte]s of the respective Person and Persons who shall be so convicted, and which shall be found within the respefifive Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices; and if within Five Days from any such Distress being taken the Money forfeited shall not be paid, together with the Coils of such Distress, the Goods so distrained

l8l

Protested Tet» ions impressed.

Captain, Sec. not discharging.

[Penalty.]

Seamen refuting to fulfil Agreement.

[Penalty.]

Punishment.

Hiring or enticing Apprentices,

[Penalty.]

Justices to deter* mine Differences.

Distress.

i8a

Proof on Oath.

Imprisonment.

Limitation of Prosecutions.

Justices may summon Wit-aesses.

Refuting to appear.

Warrant.

Refuting to be examined.

Committal.

Offenders going to retide in other Counties.

Warrant

hacked.

Application of Peoalnea.

Appeal.

ieenrity.

C. 108. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 18ro.

shall be appraised and fold, rendering the Overplus (if arty) after deducing the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Cods ana Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascertained by some Justice or Justices of the County, City, Riding, Division or Place in which the Offender or Offenders shall have been convicted, and ifsufficient Distress cannot at any time be found whereby the Money which shall be forfeited by any Offender or Offenders against this Act can be levied on his, her or their Goods and Chattels, then, and in every such Case, upon Proof thereof upon Oath before some Justice or Justices within whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall reftde or be, such Justice or Justices shall on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors of any such Offender or Offenders, issue a Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices, directed to some Peace Officer or Officers to apprehend every such Offender or Offenders, if he, she or they can be found, and to convey and commit every such Offender and Offenders to the House of Correction of the County, City or Place where any such Offender or Offenders shall be found and apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding One Month, as any such Justice or Justices shall order, unless the Money which shall be forfeited by such Offender or Offenders shall be sooner paid.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person shall suffer any Punishment for any Offence committed against this Act, unless the Prosecution for the fame be commenced within Three Calendar Months after such Offence committed 5 and that where any Person shall suffer Imprisonment pursuant to this Act for any Offence contrary thereto, in default of Payment of any Penalty hereby imposed, such Person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, that any one within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices is likely to give or offer material Evidence on Behalf of the Prosecutor or any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Justice or Justices, and be examined and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons, to convene every such Witness and Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices at such seasonable time as in such Summons shall be fixed; and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time by such Summons appointed, and no just Cause shall be offered for such Neglect or Refusal, then after Proof by Oath of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned, every such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Witness or Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices, and on the Appearance of any such Witness or Witnesses before any such Justice or Justices, every such Justice or Justicea is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath every such Witness, and if any such Witness on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before such Justice or Justices shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without offering any just Cause for such Refusal, any such Justice or Justices within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refuling to be examined to the Publick Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place in which the Person or Persons so refuling to bq examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than Three Days, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct.

X. And be it also enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Offence against this Act shall go into, relide or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices who shall have granted any such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Cour.ty, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place into which such Offender or Offenders against this Act shall go or be, to indorse his or their Name or Name9 on such Warrant, (Proof being tirft made on Oath of such Warrant having been signed by such other Justice or Justices) and every Warrant so indorsed shall be sufficient Authority to all Persons to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices who tirft granted such Warrant, and every such Justice and Justices respectively as the Case shall happen, after indorsing any such Warrant as aforesaid, may, on the Offender or Offenders therein named being apprehended and brought before any such Justice or Justices within his or their respective Jurisdictions, hear and determine the Matter of the Complaint contained in every such Warrant, in the same manner as if such Complaint had originally arose within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices who shall have so backed any such Warrant, or may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried before a Justice or Justices within whose Jurisdiction the Offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to Law.

XI. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of all Money which shall be forfeited for any Offence which shall be committed against this Act (and not herein otherwise appropriated), shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall prosecute to Conviction any luck Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital for the time being, for the Benefit of the fame Hospital.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon account of any Offence committed or supposed to be committed against this Act, to appeal to the General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place where any such Offence shall have been committed next after the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders for any Offence committed against this Act* the Person or Persons so appealing, first giving Security in Double the

Sum

A.D. 1810. s°° GEORGII III. C. 108, 109.

Sum forfeited before such Justice or Justices to prosecute such Appeal with Efftd, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal, and giving Eight Days Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to appeal, to the Party or Parties on .whose Prosecution any such Conviction shall be made, if there shall be so many Days within the time of such Conviction and such General or Quarter-Session, and if not, then the Party or Parlies who shall deem him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may be at Liberty to appeal to the next General or Quarter-Session but one which shall be held next after any such Conviction for the County, City or Place where any such Conviction shall be made, and the Justices in their said General or Quarter-Session are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Cods as to them shall appear just, and to cause to be levied under the Order of any such Session, the Colts which shall be awarded, together with such Money as any such Court of Session on the hearing of any such Appeal shall adjudge to be forfeited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refute to pay such Culls and Money forfeited, and if sufficient Goods or Chattels of any such Offender or Offenders cannot be met with to satisfy such Cnfts and Money forfeited, then by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall have become Surety or Sureties as aforesaid, for the Party or Parties who shall have so appealed.

XIII. And, for the mere cafy Conviction of Offenders, Be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justicts of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in other to the fame Effect; (videlicet)

D E it remembered, That on the Day of in the

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King is [or, are] convicted before

one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for by virtue of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this A3t Specifying the Offence and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be] contrary to the said Act, [or, as the Case shall be-\ for which Offence, we [or, F] adjudge 4 ' Given under our [or, my] Hands and Seals [or. Hand and Seal] the

Day and Year first above written.'

XIV. Provided likewise, and be it also enacted, That no Order or Proceedings to be made or had by or before any Justice of the Peace in relation to the Premises shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, and that the Order which shall be made in the Premises by the Justices at their General or Quarter-Session of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be final, and that no Proceedings of any such Justice or Justices out of Session, or in their said General or Quarter Session in pursuance of this Act, shall be removeable by Certiorari, Letters of Advocation, or of Suspension or otherwise.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought'and commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after any such Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid and tried in the County, City or Place in which the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere, and that the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action and Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance anef-by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the time before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County, City or Place than where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, then, and in any of such Cases, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall become nonsuit or discontinue his, her or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants therein shall have appeared, or if, on any Demurrer, Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, then, and in any of the said Cases, every such Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover Treble Costs, and shall be entitled to pursue and take such Remedy for recovering of the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have to recover hi* or their Costs in other Cases by Law.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to continue, for Two Years a; id from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in force from the passing thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued and should be amended in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in force for Two Years from and after the jpafling of this Act, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except only so far as the said recited Act is repealed, altered or amended by this present Act.

183

Notice.

Coll*.

Diitrcf*.

Form of Coil* viction.

Order or Pro* reeding* not quashed for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

General Hf>us.

Treble Cato, -

47 0.3. S«ff. a.- C. 54.

comiuneU,

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

184 C. 109, 110.

Two Justices, on Sufpiuon that Arms are unlawfully in Possession of any Person, may report to Lord Lieutenant.

Warrant.

47 G.a. SeT.a.

c. 54. §8. 12.

Two Ju fliers instead of One, as required by recited Act, may ft arch for Arms, &c.

Provif > for Persons having a Licence for yfing Arms.

34 G. 3. c. 90.

Coals not to he brought Im low the City Stone in Barges in which other Goods ard brought, or without Certificate of Quantity.

II. Provided alwayr, and be it enacted, That whenever any Two Justices of the Peace in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland shall have any reasonable Grounds of Suspicion, that any Person or Persons within Inch County, or County of a City or Town, is or are unlawfully in possession of Arms 5 or that any Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, are in any House or Place within such County, County of a City or Town, such Justices of Peace (hdl forthwith transmit to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or therr Chief Secretary, a Report Signed by such Two Justices, of such Suspicion, with the Grounds and Reasons of such Suspicion, and upon the Receipt of such Report of such Two Justices, it shall and may be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to authorize and require such Justices or any other Justice to search or cause Search to be made within and throughout such County, County of a City or Town, or within any Parish, Barony or Half Barony within such County, County of a City or Town, as shall be specified in such Warrant, for any Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, in manner directed by the said recited Act; and it shall not be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, to authorize or to join In authorizing any Person to make any Search, under the said recited Act, for any Arms, Pikes, .Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks, before or until such Warrant shall have been granted by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary for that Purpose; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Paits of the said recited Act as enacts or enact that it shall he lawful for any Justice of the Peace when lie shall have reasonable Ground of Suspicion to search for Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks in any House or Place in Ireland, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace within their Jurisdiction (upon Information given to such Justices of the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, any Person is unlawfully in possession of Arms, or that any Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirks are in any House or Place, but not otherwise) to search for Arms, Pikes, Pike Heads, Daggers or Dirki in the House or Premises of any Person, or in any House or Place mentioned in such Information, in manner and under the Regulations in the said recited Act contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person making Notification of his having Arms and obtaining a Licence as in the said Act is provided, shall have been once required under the said recited Act, by any Justice of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction such Person shall reside, to deliver to such Justice an Inventory of all Arms in his or her Possession, it shall not be lawful for the said Justice, or any other Justice within whole Jurisdiction such Person shall dwell, to make any further or other Reqrifition from time to time, nor shall such Person be compellable to deliver such Lifts from time to time as often as he shall be required by any Justice under the said recited Act, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the Majority of them at any Session of the Peace, from time to time to require such Lift from any Person within their Jurisdiction having made such Notification and obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and such Person shall deliver such Lift from time to time accordingly, when And as often as such Person shall be so required by such Justices at any such Session.

CAP. CX.

An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders, to London and Westminfla\ by Inland Navigation.

[20th June 1810: ]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His p relent Majesty, intituled, c An Act for making a navigable Canal from the River Kennett at or near the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, to the River Avon at or near the City of Bath, and also certain Navigable Cuts thertin defer tied, Coals may be brought into the Port of London down the Thames: And whereas it is expedient in order to encourage, and protest the Coasting Trade of this Realm and the Dues of the City of London, and 1 His Majesty*8 Revenue, arising from the Importation of Coals into the said Port, that Coals imported by Inland Navigation should be subject to the fame Duties as are by Law payable upon the fame when imported*Coastwise : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of Au.ujl One thousand eight hundred and ten, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to permit any Coals, Culm or Cinders to pass down the River Thames below the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, by Order of the Lord Mayor of London, towards the supplying of London or Westminster, or the Places adjacent, in any Boat, Barge or Vessel in which aqy other Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be laden, nor until the Master or Person having Charge of the Boat, Barge or Vessel in which such Coals, Culrn or Cinders shall be laden, shall produce and deliver to such Officer as may be stationed at or near to the City's Stone aforesaid, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty' Customs in England\ (who is hereby authorized and required to receive or demand the fame) a Certificate expressing the real Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders in such Boat, Barge or Vessel; which Certificate every Person felling or loading any Coals, Culm or Cinders towards the Supply of London and Westminster, or the Places adjacent, is hereby required to give to such Master or other Person having the Charge of such Boat, Barge or Vessel, who is hereby required to deliver the same to the said Officer 01 the Customs, who shall sign

and

A.D. 1810.

C. no

t

SO°

GEORGII III.

and enter and regifferthe fame in a Book to be kept for him for that Purpose; and the said Entry and Register of the Certificate shall be accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Evidence in all Cases in which the original Certificate is not produced; and in case there shall be in such Boat, Barge or- Vessel any greater Quantity of Coals than shall be exp re (Ted in such Certificate, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize laden on board, then, and in such Case, the Coals, Culm or Cinders on board of such Boat, Barge or Vessel shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, wh* is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge or Vessel for that Purpose; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fending any such Coals, Culm or Cinders for Sale towards the Supply of the Cities of London or HrcjUninJlcry and Places adjacent, shall knowingly give any false Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity or Quantities of Coals on board of any Barge or Vessel, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That no such Coals, Culm or Cinders having been brought down the Thames and landed above the said Stone near Staines Bridge, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be laden on board any Boat, Barge or Vessel upon any Part of the River Thames between the said Stone and London Bridge, and if any such Coals, Culm or Cinders shall be so laden on board any such Boat, Barge or Vessel contrary to the Directions of this Act, the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall be so laden, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Ton Weight of such Coals, Culm or Cinders, and so in proportion for any lefis Quantity; and such Coals, Culm or Cinders shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge or Vessel for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there he raised, levied and collected, and paid on all such Coal*, Culm or Cinders brought down the River Thames in manner aforesaid nearer to London than the City's Stone described as aforesaid, the Rate and Duty of Customs following; that is to say, the Sum of Ten Shillings for and upon earn and every Ton of Coals, Culm and Cinders so brought; and there shall be raised, levied and collected for every Ton of such Coals, Culm or Cinders, a further Duty of One Shilling and Three pence, which last mentioned Duty shall at the End of every Quarter be paid by the Officer of the Customs who shall be so statior.ed at or near the said City Stone as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons to be appointed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London to receive the same; or if no such Person shall be appointed, into the Chamber of the City of Londont as and for and in lieu of the Duty called Orphans Duty, and all other Rates, Dues and Duties which are payable to the Corporation of London upon Coals, Culm or Ginders imported into the Port of London; and all such several and respective Duties shall be demandable and demanded and shall be payable and paid to the proper Officer to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England to receive the same and ffationed as aforesaid, according to the full Quantity and Weight of Coals; such Weight and Quantity as aforesaid to be ascertained in such manner as the said Commissioners ol Customs shall direct, in case it shall appear necessary to the said Commissioners to direct the ascertaining the fame in any other or different manner than is now used or authorized or required; by any Act or Acts in relation to any Coals carried Coastwise or brought into the Port of London.

V. And be it further enacted, That auv Coals, Culm or Cinders on which the Duty imposed by this Act has been fully paid, may be brought into and landed in any Part of London and Westminster or the Places adjacent, or in any Place on the River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone aforesaid: Provided that such Coals, Culm or Cinders so removed or brought shall be accompanied with a Certificate of the Payment of

Duty, which Certificate shall be granted by such Officer of the Customs as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct; any Law, Custoni or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted shall be under the Management of the Conmniflionrts of the Customs in England for the time being, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized to appoint proper Officers to ascertain, raise, levy, collect and account for the said Duties; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs to cause any Building or Buildings to be«rc ted which may be necessary for the Accommodation of the said Officers, and for the weighing or otherwise ascertaining the Quantities and Weights of any such Coals, Culm or Cinders, and for the safe Keeping and Custody of any Coals that may be seized under or by any Officer of Customs, as to them or any Four or more of them may (item necessary for the carrying this Act into Execution, and ascertaining and levying and collecting the said Duties,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs granted by this Act may and shall respectively be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) in such and the like manner and by the fame Means, Ways or

tods as former Duties of Customs, and also by any such/pecial Means, Ways or Methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs on Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm were or might be ascertained, managed, raised, lcvjed, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and all Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm made subject to Payment of Duties under this Act, and all Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Qo dm which may be brought down or upon the said River Thames nearer to London than

the Place by tl pccified, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be and the same are respectively hereby made subject and liable to all and every the special Conditions, Rule- % Regulations, Keffriftions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeiture* respectively, to which Coals, Culm or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of yiugujl One thousand eight hundred and ten, respecting the Revenue oi Customs, as far |t \fame are or can be made applicable, and except where auy Alteration is exprefdy 50 Geo. III. B b made

185

Boat, &c. seized.

False Certificate*.

[Penalty.]

Coals landed above the Stone shall not be brought below.

[Penalty.]

Duties to Iit paid.

Coals haring paid Duty may be landed.

Dtriea under Commissioner, of Culioms.

Duties co!Ie<fled as former Duties*

i86

Former iu force.

Coals paying G'alt Duty exempted.

Cwrporation of London to appoint Officers.

Obstruction

Officers*

Penally.

Limitation of A&aons.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Appropriation of Duties.

49 G. 3. c. 98.

Ftoviso for 43 G. 3. c. 128.

Co: itintu.n: e of Act,

C. no. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

made by this Act 5 and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten made for securing the Revenue of Cutloms or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powere, Provisions and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That ev^ry Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions or Restrictions were made, established or directed, for the ascertaining the Weight or Quantity, or the Amount of any Duties on any Weight or Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, burnt from Coals or Culm, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the fame into Execution, at fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that Coals which shall have once paid the Coast Duty should be exempted from the Duty of Customs imposed by this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That the Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall have received such Coast Duty, shall give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, to the Person who shall pay the same, and on such Certificate being produced to the Officer of the Customs authorized to receive the Duty of Customs imposed by this Act, and on full and satisfactory Evidence that the Coalil brought down the said River Thames to the said City Stone, are the fame Coals or Parcel of the fame Cdali mentioned in the said Certificate, he the said last mentioned Officer of the Customs shall not demand or receive the Duty of Customs imposed by this A6E

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered from time to time as Occasion shall require, to appoint any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons who shall have full Power, and they and each of them are hereby authorized (either in Company with the Officers of His Majesty's Customs or without) to enter into any Boat, Barge or other Vessel laden with Coals, Culm or Cinders, passing on or about to pass nearer to London than the Boundary Stone aforesaid 5 and that every Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons as aforesaid, shall and lawfully may have and exercise all and every or any the Powers and several ways and means of ascertaining the Weights and Quantities of all such Coals, Culm and Cinders, as any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs have or lawfully may excercife or perform under or by virtue of this Act, at to any Coals, Culm or Cinders passing or about to pals nearer to London than the Boundary Stone aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, oppose, molest, hinder or obstruct any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons as aforesaid, in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid by this Act, every Person or Persons 10 offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains, Punishments and Penalties, as by Law may be inflicted in Cases of Misdemeanor by the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Aft ion or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if. upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed on Coals, Culm and Cinders, shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like manner as the Duties on such Articles, when brought Coastwise into the Port of London and chargeable according to the Weight thereof, are appropriated and applied by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repeating the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lien thereof

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to alter or repeal any of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing under certain RejlriSiom, until the First Day of Xuguft One thousand eight hundred and Jtxf the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation; and which was by several Acts continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue 4n force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and no longer.

A.D. 1810.

C. hi, 11 2

50° GEORGII III.

187

CAP. CXI.

An Act to limit the Amount of PenBons to be granted put of the Civil List of Scotland.

[2oth June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the better Regulation of the grant* ing of PenBons out of the Civil List in Scotland, and for preventing of Abuse and Excess therein;

Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Pension exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pension Lift of Pounds a Year shall be granted out of the Civil List of Scotland to or for the Use of any one Person, and ScoiUnd limited, that the whole Amount of PenBons granted from such Lift in any one Year shall not exceed Eight hundred Pounds; a List of which, together with the Names of the Persons tp whom the same are granted, shall be laid before Parliament in Twenty one Days after the Beginning of each Session until the whole PenBou Lift of Scotland shall be reduced to Twenty Bve thousand Pounds, which Sum it shall not be lawful to exceed in the Whole of all the Grants, nor shall any Pension to be granted after the said Reduction to or for the Use of any one Person exceed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, except to One of the Royal Family, or on an Address of either House of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall remain after Payment of all such How Surplw of Pensions and Grants and other Charges as are or shall hereafter be charged upon or granted or payable Gvil Lilt of Scot-out of the Civil List of Scotland, and after defraying any Charges incident thereunto, shall from time to Und applied!, time as the same shall arise, and any such Surpluses or Balances shall remain of the Fund applicable to the Civil List of Scotland, go to the Ule and be applied in Aid of the Civil List of England.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be His Majesty may construed to extend, to prevent His Majesty from making any such Grants (other than and except PenBons) make other for Civil Purposes in Scotland, out of the Monies applied to the Payment of the Civil List of Scotland, as Grants.

His Majesty has heretofore been accustomed, and authorized and empowered to make before the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for abridging the Form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court.

[loth June 1810.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 48 G. 3. c. nt, ' V ? intituled, An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords, by which Act His Majesty was empowered to name and appoint, and pursuant to which ' His Majesty did name and appoint, by His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, certain Persons to make Enqui- ries into the Form of Process in the Court of Session, and to report upon various Matters therein particularly set forth: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to 49G. a. c. 11*. 1 give to the Persons named by His Majesty, pursuant to the said recited Act, further Time for making their Report or Retorts: And whereas the Commissioners so appointed have made two Reports to His h^jessy and the Two Houses of Parliament relative to the Subject Matter upon which they were directed to report:

And whereas it is expedient that the Mode of extracting Judicial Acts and Decrees of the Court of Sef-

Bon hitherto in Use should be altered, and a more abridged Form adopted, and that other Regulations -

should be established, and Amendments made in the Forms of that Court 5 which cannot be effected without

K the Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ci»-

acted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Extract of Pe-

the present Mode of extracting Judicial Acts and Decrees shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease frfCJ 11 PT*sent

and determine, together with all the Fees and Dues exigible for such Exttafts, or relating thereto: Provided in al>oIished.

nevertheless, that the Fees now payable to the Lord Chief Clerk Register, and to the Macci s of the Court of Session, and to the Keeper of the Minute Books upon Acts and Decreets, and to the Housekeepers

upon Abbreviates of Adjudication, shall continue to be paid and payable upon the abridged Forms of timied.

Extract prescribed by this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the Forms herein prescribed for the Extract of Judicial Acts and Decreets, Fv>rms of Kx-and the Rules and Regulations made relative thereto, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be observed tracts to be ob-in all cases, whether of Actions and Processes at present or then depending, or which may in future come into frrvcJ*

Court, or those which, although liniflied, have not been taken out of Court by a final extracted Decree; and the Fees and Dues hereby made payable in the case of Extracts, and no other, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, he the Fees and Dues payable for such Extracts.

III. And be it enacted, That in Actions for Payment or Performance or such other common Proceedings, Form* of Extract and in Processes of Advocation or Suspension, the Extract of the Decree shall from and after the passing In common Ac-of this Act be in the Form appearing from Schedules (A.) (13.) (C.) (D.) and (E.)'hereunto annexed uw, i, »c* respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That in Processes of Adjudication, the Extract of the Decree shall, from and after Form of EsnA the pa/ILig of this Act, be in the Form which has heretofore been used for the Abbreviate of the Adjudica-n Adjudication*.


i8S

For.n of Extra# in Cfjfio Bojtv-runu

Form of Extras in Anions of proving Teuor.

Farm of Extra # in Action* of Declarator.

Form of Extra# in Actions of Ranking.

No prontmncing Acts in certain Actions.

Proviso for certain F» rui of Extra#.

CvrtifWd Copies in cases of Appeal.

Nfo Record Copy to be made. Proceedings rran smitted to General Register House.

Office of Fa-tra&or abolished.

Authenticated Copy of Fro-ccctfiniy* to Party requiring.

Assistants of principal Clerks to prepare abridged Form of Extracts.

Fees of Clerk.

AifiUanta to be continued. FcestiSt Extracts.

C. 112. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

tion in case a Decree shall be pronounced for the Adjudgerj but where the Defender is affoilzied, the Extra# shall be in the Form hereinbefore directed to be used in the Case of Decrees of Absolvitor.

V. And be it enacted, That in Actions of Ctjfio Bonorum, the Extra# of the Decree shall be in the Form at present used for the Abstra# in Decreets of Cejfw, with an Addition thereto of the Names of all the Creditors cited.

VI. And be it cna#ed> That in Actions of proving the Tenor and Transumpt, the Extra# shall contain a Copy of the Deed proved or transumed, with the Judgments pronounced by the Court, reduced into the Form of what is at present termed the Grand Decerniture, in Cases where Decree shall be pronounced in favour Or the Pursuer $ and in Cases where the Defender shall be afloilzied, the Extra# shall be in the Form hereinbefore prescribed in Decreets of Absolvitor.

VII. And be it enacted, That in Actions of Declarator, the Extra# of the Decree shall contain the Con-clufion of the Summons and the Judgments pronounced by the Court, reduced into the Form of the present Grand Decerniture.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in Actions of Ranking and Sale, the following Regulations shall he ob*» served: First, the Extra# of the Act and Commission for proving the Value of the Subject to be sold shall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed: Secondly, the Extra# of the Decree of Sale shall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (G.) hereunto annexed; Thirdly, the Extra# of the Decree of Ranking shall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (H, )hereunto annexed; Fourthly, the Extra# of the Decrees of Division shall be in the Form appearing from Schedule (I.) hereunto annexed; Fifthly* there shall no longer he any Extra# of the Decreet of Certification, in a Process of Ranking and Sale, nor Uny Act of Roup pronounced, nor consequently any Extra# thereof, the Letters of Publication now in use rendering such Acts unnecessary, but thp Extra# of Letters of Publication shall be continued in their present Form.

IX. And be it enacted, That in Actions of proving the Tenor and of Redu#ion, no Act shall henceforth be pronounced; and in Actions of Improbation, Acts for First and Second Terms shall be discontinued.

X. And be it enacted, That in all other Cases not herein particularly described, whether arising upon Summons, Bill or Petition, or Petition and Complaint, the Extra# of the Decree shall be according to the Forms herein set forth, with such Variations as the Nature of the Case and the Form of the Application may necessarily require.

XI. And be it enacted, That where an Appeal shall he taken to the House of Lords, a full Copy of the printed Papers given into the Court of Session, certified by One of the principal Clerks of Session, together with Copies so certified of such Interlocutors and Minutes of the Court as shall have been pronounced or framed subsequent to the Date of the lad of these printed Papers, shall and may be received in Evidence in such and the like manner as Extract of the whole Proceedings are at present.

XII. And be it enacted, That no Record Copy, as it is termed, shall henceforth he made; but at the Expiration of Five Years after the Date of the final Decree or last Proceeding in that Court, each Process with all the Steps of Proceeding in it, and Produ#ions, not taken up by the Parties, shall be transmitted to and lodged in the General Register House, under the Custody of the Lord Clerk Register of Scotland\ and Duplicate shall be made of all Extracts of Decrees in the Form herein prescribed, for which no Fees shall be exigible, except the ordinary Charge for copying paid for copying at the time in the Court of Session; which Duplicates shall from time to time be bound up in convenient Volumes, and after remaining not more than Five Years after the Date of the final Decreet in the Office of the Clerk wherein such Duplicates shall have bten made, shall at the Expiration of that Period be regularly transmitted to the said General Register House.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Offices of Extractors in the Court of Session, as heretofore constituted, shall be abolished, and the Six Assistants of the principal Clerks of Session shall prepare the abridged Forms of Extra# herein directed to be observed; each Assistant executing that Duty in such Precedes as belong to the Department or Closet of the principal Clerk, under whom he d#s, or the corresponding Depute Clerk in the Outer House.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for any Party to require, and the said Assistants respectively are hereby required to furnish to such Party, authenticated Copies of all or any Part of the Proceedings in any Cause, signed by One of the principal Clerks of Session, and which Copy the princ pal Clerks of Session are hereby respectively required to sign, but ho Fee whatever shall he paid or payable for such Copy, save and except the ordinary Charge for copying, paid at the time in the Court of Session).

XV. And be it enacted, That each of the present Assistants of the principal Clerks who are directed to prepare the abridged Forms of Extra# hereby prescribed, shall continue to exercise and enjoy the Office of Extra#©^ hereby conferred upon him, ad vitam aut culpam: Provided always, that every other Person to be appointed a Clerk Assistant and thereby an Extractor of such abridged Forms shall be and continue m respect of his Office of Extractor in such and the fame Situation as any Clerk Assistant is at present in respect of such Office of Clerk Assistant.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Assistants of the Clerks shall and may continue to receive the Fees to which as such Assistants they are at present or may in future he entitled; but in their Chara#eros Extractors, according to the new Forms hereby established, they shall be entitled to no Fee whatever except the ordinary ' Charge for copying paid for copying at the time in the Court of Session; neither shall the principal Clerks or the Depute Clerks of Session be entitled to any Fees whatever; but declaring that the said Clerks and the said Assist-

ants

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

Ci '112i

189

inti of the Principal Clerks, in their Character of Extradors, shall be paid the following Salaries, videlicet; each Principal Clerk of Session shall receive a Salary of One thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, without Prejudice to the Salary of Forty Pounds payable to the King's Clerk, and without Prejudice also to the Fees to

- of the Regiilerof

per Annum, with-Sllant of the principal Cferk shall receive a Salary of Two hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, for preparing the abridged Forms of Extract herein prescribed without Prejudice to the Salary of Ten Pounds per Annum, to the present King's Extractor during his Life.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Salaries hereinbefore provided, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be payable quarterly out of the Fee Fund hereby established, and if such Fund shall at any time be infus-, licient for the Payment of such Salaries, the Deficiencies shall be supplied in the same manner with the Salaries payable to the Judges of the Court of Sessions out of the Monies which by several Acts made in the Seventh and Teoth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed by Her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of raising such Fee Fund, the Fees specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, " Dues of Court, " shall be payable and exigible upon and for the several Matters therein contained.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum shall be paid out of such Fee Fund to the Order of the Principal Clerks of Session, for defraying the Expence of the Office Rooms of the whole Principal and Depute Clerks of Session, and all other Charges and Expences connected therewith; and the said Principal Clerks shall be bound and obliged to keep up and defray the Expences of such Office Rooms, and to defray all such other Charges and Expenqcsaccordingly.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Dues of Court at present payable to the Clerks of Session and the present Office of Coiledor of the Clerks Dues, shall be and the same are hereby abolished and the Dues mentioned in the said Schedule shall be collected by a Coiledor appointed by the Lord President of the College of Justice, holding his Office advttam etut culpam, who shall discharge his Duty by personal Attendance in Court or in the Collector's Office during Office Hours, and by marking upon each Paper that the proper Dues or Fees had been received of the Date marked, without which marxing no Principal Clerk or Depute Clerk of Sessions, Lords Clerk, or Clerks Assistant shall receive any such Paper into Process; and such Coiledor shall further dertand and receive Once a Mouth or oftener from the Keepers of the Registers respectively, who shall be bound to pay to him the proportion which the Clerks of Session have been in Use to receive of Fees paid upon Registration and upon Extrads of Deeds and Instruments recorded in the Books of Council and Session $ and all such Fees shall form Part of the Fee Fund hereby established.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Fees paid upon Registration, and upon Extrads of Deeds and Instruments so recorded in the Books of Council and Session, shall remain in other respects as at pveieuU

XXII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That such Coiledor shall be responsible for every Person whom he*may have occasion to empower to act for him in his Absence, and for every Clerk and Person employed by him in the Business of such Collection, and shall find Security for their as well as his own Intromissions.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That such Coiledor shall further keep regular and distinct Books for entering the Fee8 and Dues of Court separately of the Dates on which they are received, with the Mark of the Clerk's Office, Names of the Parties, and the Step of the Proceedings upon which the fame is paid, which Books shall be open at all reasonable times for the Inspection of the Judges, the Auditor of the Court, and the Principal Clerks of Session; and such Coiledor shall at lead Once in every Week lodge all Monies so paid to him with the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, the Interest received from which Banks respectively shall make Part of the Fee Fund hereby established, out of which such Coiledor shall pay the Sala-rie^herein directed to be paid by means of such Fees and Dues j and if upon the Thirty first Day of December in any Year any Balance shall remain upon such Account, such Balance shall be paid to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the said Monies which by the said Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne were charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciaiw and Exchequer in Scotland as aforesaid.

XXIV. And, in order to check the Accounts kept by such Coiledor, be it enacted, That Books shall be kept by the respective Clerks of Court of each Office, shewing the Dues of Court which, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, have or should have been received in each Process under their Charge on the several'Steps of that Process on which such Dues are payable; and such Coiledor shall render his Accounts at lead Twice in every Year to any Accountant to be named by the President of the College of Justice; or if no such Accountant shall be named, to the Auditor of Court, who shall compare and examine the fame with the Books so kept by the Clerks aforesaid, and make his Report thereupon to the Court.

XXV. And be it enacted, That such Coiledor shall receive a Remuneration for his Trouble by a Rate payable out of the said Dues of Four Pounds ter Centum upon the Amount thereof received by him.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Nomination of each Depute Clerk of Session shall henceforth be Veiled in the Six Principal Clerks of Session jointly, the Senior Clerk, having in case of Equality a calling Voice; and every such Nomination shall be made without receiving therefor any Price, Gratuity or valuable Consideratiob of any Kind; and every Nomination, when made, shall be forthwith reported to the Court.

Clerks of Session and Depute Clerks, ike. tp receive Salaries.

Salaries paid Quarterly out of Fee Fuijd.

7 Arm. c. 11.

h 10.

10 Ann. c. 26.

§ 108.

Dues of Court 10 form Fee Fund.

Expence of Office K(h>ii)3 paid out > of Fee f und.

Dues of Court

tboliffied, Dura in Schedules to be takcu.

Fees on Heglf-tration, &c.

Collector of Dues to find

Coiledor to keep Books lor Fees.

jney t< id We

paid Weekly info the Bank.

How Balance disposed of*

Cheque Books' kept.

Per Ceouga to Coiledor. Nomination of Depute Clerk?,

1*90

One Diet of Appearance only.

Certain Causes brought before inferior Judges.

Permanent Lords Ordinary appointed.

to aHminifier Oaths and examine Witnesses.

fConfent of Judges necessary to new Regulation.

Quorum of Inner House.

<Jrounds of Advocation from the >Commfflary Court.

'Bills Of Suspension from the Admiralty Court in Maritime .Causes;

regulated.

In what cases Bills of Advocation from Sheriffs, &c. allowed.

In what Case not .received.

No-written Answers to Bills of Advocation, &c.

Bills, of Advocation cm Ground of Incompetrin y or Contingency.

Bim of Advoca-tiou and £>ufpcn-fion when palftd howproceetledin.

C. ii2. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in Actions at present requiring Two Diets of Appearance, there shall be only One Diet of Appearance upon an Inducta of Twenty ieven Days, where a Defender is domiciled in Scotland; but Citations in cases of a single Diet and against Persons forth of Scotland shall remain as at present.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Causes not exceeding the Value of Twenty five Pounds Sterling, shall from and after the passing of this Act be carried on in the first Inltance before the inferior Judges, in the manner directed, and with the Exceptions specified in an Act, passed in the Third Session of the Second Parliament of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, A3 concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories.

XXIX. And whereas it would facilitate the Dispatch of Business in the Court of Session, if the Duty of the Outer House were done by a certain Number 01 the Ordinary Judges officiating there, in a more permanent manner than the present weekly Rotation among the whole; Be it enacted, That the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the First Division of the Court of Session, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second Division, shall be relieved from Attendance in the Inner House, and shall from and after the passing of this Act not lit therein, but shall fit as Lords Ordinary in the Outer House to perform the Business of the Outer House; that is to say, Two of the said Judges, One of each Division, shall officiate each Week in the Outer House, for hearing Causes in the Rolls of Suspensions, Advocations, Regulations and ordinary Adious; and such Junior Judges of either Division shall officiate as Lords Ordinary, according to the Rules and Forms of proceeding for the time observed in ProcelTes depending before Lords Ordinary.

XXX. And be it enacted, That this Regulation concerning Ordinary Judges in* the Outer House shall include the Duty of administering Oaths and examining Witnesses, but shall not extend to the Bill Chamber, in which the Business shall continue to be done as at present, by all the ordinary Judges in Rotation.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby provided and declared, That the present Junior Judges who may be affected by this new Regulation, shall not be bound by it except with their own Consent, and therefore the Course of Rotation shall remain as it is at present, until either by the Consent of the present Judges, or by new Appointments of Judges, the requisite Number can be obtained for carrying the said System into Execution.

XXXII. And be it enacted, Thatfo soon as Five Junior Ordinary Judges shall officiate as permanent Lords Ordinary in the manner herein directed, Three Judges in either Division shall be a Quorum in the Inner House; and the other Judges of the Court of Session shall be relieved from Attendance in the Outer House, and from performing the Duties of Lords Ordinary therein.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation from Interlocutory Judgments of the Coimniffaty Court shall be allowed oidy on the Ground of Contingency and Incompetency, including Incompetency in the Mode of Proof, and in this last case only with Leave of the Commiftary Court; and no Bills of Advocation from the Commissary Court shall be allowed from Interlocutory Judgments upon Grounds of Iniquity or Error, but shall be competent only after final Judgment before extract.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That Bins of Suspension from the Admiralty Court in Maritime Causes, shall, if not refused without Answers, be in all Cases ordered to be printed and reported to either the First or the Second Division of the Court of Session; and if any such Bill of Suspension shall be presented in time of Vacation, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall not fee Cause to refuse the fame without Answers, he shall fist proceeding until the Meeting of the Court, to whom the fame, with the Answers, shall be Xhen reported.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation and Suspension from the Admiralty Court in Mer-cantileCaufes shall be regulated in the manner herein after prescribed in the case of Advocations and Suspensions from the Judgments pronounced by Sheriffs and other inferior Judges.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation from the Sheriffs and other inferior Judges in Scotland, against Interlocutory Judgments, shall be allowed only upon the following Grounds; First, of Incompetency, including Defect of Jurisdiction, personal Objection to the Judge, and Privilege of Party; Secondly, of Contingency; Thirdly, of legal Objection with respect to the Mode of Proof, or with respect to some Change of Possession, or to an Interim Decree for a partial Payment, provided that in the Cases specified under this Third Head, Leave is given by the inferior Judge.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation from such inferior Judges shall notin any case be received against Inteflocutory Judgments upon Grounds of Iniquity or Error, but only after final Judgment shall have been pronounced.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in cases where final Judgment shall have been pronounced, no written Answer to a Bill of Advocation or Suspension from such inferior Judges shall be received, but in all such cases, whether the Cause is brought before the Court of Session by Advocation or Suspension, the Bill shall be passed without Answers, upon Caution being found in the same manner in which Caution is found in B ils of Suspension at present; save and except in Cases whereupon the Face of the Bill itself it shall appear that it ought to be refused, and in every such Case it shall be refused accordingly.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That in like manner Bills of Advocation from inferior Judges, on the Ground of Incompetent or Contingency shall be passed without Answers or injlanter refused: Provided nevertheless, that the Lord Ordinary on the Bills may in such cases hear Parties viva voce if he shall think fit, and such Bills may be passed without Caution.

XL. And be it enacted, That Bills of Advocation and Suspension from inferior Judges, when passed as above directed, upon being expede or upon a Remit from the Court, shall be inrolled in the Roll of Advocations and Suspensions in the Outer House $ and the Lords Ordinary in the Outer House and the Judges in the

6 Inner

A.D. 18 8io.

50 GEORGII III.

C. 112.

191

Inner House shall Have the feme Power in every Case of Suspehfion which they now have in Cases of Advocation, to remit to the inferior Judge with Instructions.

XLL. And be it enacted, That Bills of Suspension and Interdi& shall, with respect to Caution, remain as at BiP§ of Stripe*-prelect, and the Lord Ordinary may grant Interdill therein after advising the fame with or without Answers, fio^xndlnter- # out no Replies or Duplies shall be allowed: Provided nevertheless, that the Lord Ordinary upon the Bills may dl*'

Bills of Suspension of Charges 00 Bonds, £e.

Bitts of Suspension tgainst Decrees.

appointed.

Principal as well as Depute Clerks to discharge theif

Feet on Bill (lumber how*

dirifible.

So much of Regulations as relate to Fees and Duties of Cli rks ot Pills fufpcuded.

if he thinks proper hear Parties viva voce before granting or refusing the Interdict.

XLII. And be it enacted, That in Bills of Suspensions of Charges or threatened Charges on Bonds, Bills of Exchange or Promissory Notes, Contrails, Decreets Arbitral, or other Instruments registered for Execution, and in the case of Bills of Suspension of Decrees of removing, the Proceeding shall be as at present; lave and except that no Replies or Duplies shall be allowed, but the Lord Ordinary on the Bills may if he thinks proper hear Parties viva voce9 and may pass or refuse the Bills with or without Answers.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in Bills of Suspension against Decrees pronounced by the Court of Session, in for Of no Replies or Duplies shall be allowed, and in such cases the extracted Decree shall be produced with the Answers.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act with the Exceptions after specified, Two Principal there shall be Two Principal Clerks of the Bills appointed as they are at present, and only Two Depute Clerks of the Bills, each of whom shall be appointed by the Two Principal Clerks jointly, without receiving for any*1

such Appointment, any Price, Gratuity, or valuable Consideration of any Kind; and in case thef cannot agree upon any such Appointment, the Lord President of the College of JuRice shall have the calling Voice; and iu all cases the Nomination shall be reported to the Court.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Principal as well as Depute Clerks shall perfoftally discharge the Duties of their respective Offices; the Principal Clerks shall personally attend either Division of the Court of Se(fion w incw

when Bill Chamber Causes shall be under Consideration there in the same manner that the Principal Clerks of Duty personally. Session attend in Inner House Causes; the Principal Clerks of the Bills shall also further exercise a due Superintendance over the different Branches of the Duty required for the Performance of the Business of the Bill Chamber.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Fees payable upon the Proceedings in the Bill Chamber shall be col-le&ed and form a common Fund for the Remuneration of the Principal and Depute Clerks of the Bills, and this Fund shall be divided among them Monthly or Quarterly as they may settle among themselves, in the following Proportions; videlicet: One third Part thereof shall be paid to each of the Principal Clerks, and On«

Txth Parr thereof shall be paid to each of the Depute Clerks.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That so much of the Regulations herein enacted as relate to the Fees and Duties of the Clerks of the Bills, shall be suspended so long as all or any of the present Depute Clerks, viz.

Join Watson, James Mercer, Andrew Miller and William Scotty shall continue to hold their Offices or Office, to the Extent herein after specified, videlicet: Upon the Death or Resignation of either of John Watson or James Mercer, present Depute Clerks to the Bills, and alfp Clerks to the Record of Abbreviates of Adjudications, the junior Principal Clerk shall take the Burthen of causing to be discharged the Duty of the said Depute, and the Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto shall be divided equally between the Two Principal Clerks of the Bills; and upon the Death or Resignation of Andrew Miller, Depute Clerk, or upon the Death or Resignation of William Scotty Assistant Clerk, or upon the Death or Resignation of both the said John Watson and James Mercer, in either of these Three Events the Two Principal Clerks of the Bills shall lake the Burthen of causing to be discharged the Duty of the said Person or Persons, and the Fees and Emoluments thence arising shall be equally divided between the Two Principal Clerks; and in the Event of the Death or Resignation of both Andrew Miller and William Scotty the said John Watson or James Mercery or both of them if then surviving, shall be one or both of the Depute Clerks to the Bills if they shall so incline*

; each drawing One sixth Part of the total Fees, and relinquishing the Fees to which each is now entitled; but if either or both of the said John Watson ox James Mercer shall decline to become Depute Clerks of the Bills, the Two Principal Clerks to the Bills shall discharge or take the Burthen of causing to be discharged the whole Duty at present discharged by the said Andrew Miller and William Scotty and shall in that case receive the-Fees which would have been received by the said Andrew Miller and William Scotty until the Death or Ke(ig- nation of Join Watson and James Mercer

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Fees specified in, the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, Fees of Auditor u Rate of Fees payable to the Auditor of Court, " and no other, shall be payable to and exigible by the

Auditor of Court, such Fees, in the Event of there being an Auditor for each Division, being divided equally between the Two Auditors.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the Fees receivable by the Keepers of the Inner House Rolls or Clerks of Fee* of Keeper* the Lords President of the Two Divisions of the Court of Session, shall form a Common Fund, and be divided House

equally between them.

L. And be it enacted, That so soon as Five junior Ordinary Judges shall officiate as permanent Lords Fees divided Ordinary in the manner herein directed, the Fees payable to the Clerks of the Ordinary Judges shall form between Clerics a Common Fund, and shall be equally divided among the Clerks of the Thirteen Ordinary Judges of the Y* Ordinary Court of Session. 7 6

LI. And be it enacted, That Fees demandable by Writers to the Signet for Signet Letters, and for Pro- Fees demandsM* ceedings in the Service of Heirs before the Macers of the Court of Sessions, shall be the Fees (and no others) by Writers to tli* appearing from the Schedule hereunto annexed, intituled, u Table of Fees, of Ordinary Signet Letters, ana Signet.

4# Tees of Service before the Macers, " respectively

Contents of a Shr*t to be 300 \Vonb.

Compensations to certain Officers.

Application to Borons of Exchequer if Compel tlation UuJ equate.

Person* fuss^ring Lof* from near Regulations.

Relief.

Fund from which

Compensation

made.

Case of aged IVrfon* employed in copying Extra ft* considered.

Temporary

Allowance.

Allowa»ee«

Tax free, except 46 G. 3. c. 63.

C. ii2. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

LII. And be it enacted, That every Sheet charged for by any Practitioner in the Court of Session shall be calculated at the Rate of Three hundred Words to the Sheet; but if any such Instrument shall contain fewer than Three hundred Words, the same shall be charged* at the Rate of a Sheet; and if after finding the Sheet or Sheets which any such Instrument shall comprise, calculated at the Rate aforesaid, any Number of Words less than Three hundred Words shall remain, such fewer Words shall be charged as a Sheet.

LIII. And whereas by the aforesaid Report by the said Commissioners, it is certified, that Compensation*to a certain Amount ought to be given to the Principal and Depute Clerks of Section, the Extractors, and the Collectors of Clerks* Dues, for Losses that will be fu Gained by them as therein mentioned/ Be it enacted, That the Sums of Annuity specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, entitled, u Specific Compensations/, shall be paid to the Persons therein named and described respectively, at such time or times in the Year, and in such manner as other Compensations are herein after directed to be paid.

LIV. And be it enacted, That in the Event that any of the said Principal or Depute Clerks of Section, or Extractors, shall make an Application to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, setting forth that the Compensation provided by the Salaries payable by this Act, or specified in the Schedule, is inadequate to his just Claims, and if any of the said Clerks or Extra^ors shall make it appear that he has suffered or will suffer pecuniary or other Loss, from the Operation or Effect of any of the aforesaid Regulations, beyond the Salaries allowed, and the Compensation made by this Act, due and equitable Consideration being always had of the Circumstances of each individual Case, the said Barons are hereby authorized and required to examine into such Claims, and to decide whether any and what further Sums of Compensation arc due to all or any of the said Clerks or Extractors.

LV. And be it enacted, That if any other Person shall apply to the said Barons, who shall establish his Right, and make it appear that he has suffered or will suffer pecuniary Loss from the Operation or Effect of any of the aforesaid Regulations, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons to award to such Person such Compensation as the said Barons shall find such Person entitled to, either by the Payment of a gross Sum, or by way of Annuity, as they shall think proper.

LVI. And be it enacted, That every Sum of Compensation so to be awarded by the said Barons, shaft be paid and payable upon the Order of the said Barons, in such manner, and at such time or times, as they shall direct, out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable by federal Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Section, Judiciary and Exchequer.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the said Barons of Exchequer shall consider the Situation of such aged an8 indigent Persons who may have hitherto gained their Subsistence by copying out Extracts in their present Form, and who, having been for many Years attached to the Extradlor's Offices, may not be capable of gaining their Livelihood otherwise, and make such Allowance or Allowances, in the way of Annuity, so such rerfolrs respectively, as the said Barons shall think proper, which shall be paid upon their Order out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges for keeping up the Courts of Section, Judiciary and Exchequer aforesaid.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons, who are hereby required, to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money to be from time to time paid to any such Officer of Court or Person as aforesaid, who shall make Application to them pursuant to this Act, as the said Barons shall think proper, as an Interim Allowance, until the Compensation or Provision to be awarded to any such Person by virtue of this Act shall be ascertained and finally determined; and every such Allowance (p ordered to be paid by the said Barons shall be paid at the time and in the manner they shall direct out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer aforesaid.

LIX. And be it enacted, That every Sum to be paid pursuant to this Act out of the aforesaid Monies charged or made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary or Exchequer, shall be paid and payable, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, except the Duty charged by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repeating an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices'; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Extract of Decreet in an Ordinary Action for Payment of Debt.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council

and Session, they decerned and ordains! and hereby decern and.ordain Defender

to make Payment to Pursuer of the Sum of Sterling

of

A.D. 181 d

C. I 12.

i93

50° GEORGII III.

of Principal contained in and due by the Bond, Bill or other Document or Claim founded on in the Libel [tn&irA mufl he shortly mentioned by Date or othernvife, as expressed in the Judgment of the Court'] or, due in manner libelled on. Item, of the lawful Interest of laid Sum from and since the Day

of till Payment; and of the Sum of of Expences found due,

and of the Sum of Sterling further as the Expence of extracting this Decreet; and

ordain Letters of Horning on a Charge of Fifteen Days, and all other Execution to pass hereon in Form as Effort. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

In Cases of Decrees in Absence.

The Form will be the same as in the al*>ve, with the Addition of the Words " in Absence" before the Word M decerned, " with such Alteration in regard to Expences as the Circumstances of the Case may require.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Decreet of Absolvitor in an Ordinary Afliou for Payment of Debt.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council

and Session, they affoilzied and hereby afToilziefimbliciter Defender from the whole Conclusions of the Summons and Aaion infilled in before the said Lords at the Inilance of

against the said Defender for Payment of the Sum of Sterling alledged to have been due by the Defender to the Pnrfuer by the Bond, Bill or other Document of Debt or Claim mentioned in the Libel [which it will be necessary to refer to by Date or Description] and decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the said Pursuer to make Payment to the said Defender of the Sum of [here insert the Sum of Expences % if such are found due by the Judgment

of the Court.] Item, of the Sum of farther as the Expence of extracting this Decreet;

and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution to pass hereon in Form as Effeirs. Extraded by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Extrad in an Advocation where the Cause is remitted simpliciter.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council

and Session in the Process of Advocation infilled in at the Inilance of against

complaining of an Interlocutor of the Sheriff Depute of dated the Day of last, the said Lords remitted and hereby remit the said

Action and Cause fmpliciter to the said Sheriff Depute, to the end he may proceed and administer Justice therein to the final Issue and Conclusion thereof; and further decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the said Advocator to make Payment to the said

Defender, of the Sum of Sterling of Expences, and of the Sum of

as the Expence of this Act, and remit and decreet and ordain Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Chaise, and all other Execution to pass hereon at the Inilance of the said Defender against the said Advocator for Payment of these Sums accordingly in Form as Effeirs.

Extraded by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

In Cases of a Remit with InJlruQions

The Form will be similar to the above, but reciting the Inlbrudions.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Extract in a Suspension where the Letters are found orderly proceeded.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council

and Session, in the Process of Suspension infilled in at the Inilance of against

complaining of having been charged or threatened to be charged to make Payment to the said of the Sum of Sterling of Principal

contained in and due by the Bond, Bill or other Document mentioned in the Letters [which mufl he /hortly described by Title and Date] and of the Interest thereof, the said Lords found and hereby find the Letters and Charge to be orderly proceeded, and decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the same to be put to further Execution, and further decern and ordain the said Suspender and his

Cautioner in the said Suipension, conjunflly and feve rally to make Payment to the said

Charger of the aforesaid Sum of Sterling of Principal; Item, of the lawful Interest

thereof since the Day of when the fame fell due, till Payment, and of the Sum of Sterling of Expences found due by the said Suspender to the said Charger

for wrongous suspending 5 and of the Sum of further as the Expence of extracting

this Decreet, betides the Sum of as the Expence of extracting the said Bond of

Cautionary, and ordain Letters of Horning on a Charge of Fifteen Days, and all other Execution 50 Geo. III. C c to

19+ C. 112. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

to psfs hereon, tod on the Extract of the Suspender's Bond of Cautionary against the Suspender and hit, Cautioner conjun&ly and severally in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Cleika of Session.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Form of Extract in a Suspension when the Letters are suspended simplidter.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of fitting in Judgment the Lords of Council

and Session in the Suspension infilled in at the Instance of against

complaining of being charged or threatened to be charged to make Payment to the said [the Nature of the Charge to be shortly stated-\ the said Lords suspended*

t out the Letters anj Chargefimplicitery found the said Charges f liable in the Sum of

of Expences, and decerned ana ordained, and hereby decern and ordain the said Charger, to make Payment to the said Suspender, of the said Sum of

of Expences, and of the Sum of as the Expence of extracting the Decreet, and ordain

Letters of Horning on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution to pass hereon in Form as Effeirs* Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Actions of RANKING and SALE.

Form of Act and Commisslon in Ranking and Sale.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of upon a Summons and Action of

Ranking and Sale insisted in and depending before the Lords of Council and Session, at the Instance .of

against and the following Persons his Creditors,

videlicet [here enumerate the Names of the different Defenders cited in the Action either edi dally or otherwise-\ concluding that the following heritable Subjects belonging to the said common Debtor, videlicet; all and whole the Lands of, &c.

[here describe the several Subjects contained in the Summons] ought and should be sold under Authority of the said Lords, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors according to their several Rights of Preference thereon: After feme Procedure had taken place in the Action before the Lord as Ordinary thereto, the said Lords of Council and Session of the Date hereof,

sustained and hereby sustain the Libel, and allowed and hereby allow the Pursuer to prove prout de jure the Yearly Rent of the Lands and others before specified, what the fame have paid, do or may pay Yearly, allowed and hereby allow the Defenders a conjunft Probation thereanent; and for that End gave and granted.and hereby give and grant full Power, Warrant and Commission, &c.

[agreeably to the Terms of the Interlocutor,

of the Court, which must be engroffedJ. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (G.)

Form of Extract of Decreet of Sale.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of upon a Summons and Action of Ranking

and Sale raised and insisted in before the Lords of Council and Session at the Instance of

against and the following Persons as his Creditors, &c.

[here enumerate the several Defenders who appear to be cited to the Action, either edidally or otherwise'] concluding that the several heritable Subjects belonging to the said as specified in the Libel, and after

described, ought and should be sold under Authority of the Court, and adjudged, decerned and declared to belong to the Person or Persons who should of Fer most for the fame at the Roup thereof: After a Proof had been adduced of the Rental and Value of the said Subjects, and that a Roup of the fame had taken place, the Lords of Council and Session, upon Report of the Lord found and hereby find the

Roup and Sale of the said Subjects carried on before his Lordship on the Day of

last orderly proceeded, and that having offered for the said Subjects the Sum of Sterling, was the last and highest Offerer for the fame at the said Roup, and was

accordingly preferred to the Purchase thereof by the Lord Reporter agreeably to the Articles of Roup, and-h.as accordingly found Caution in Terras of the said Articles 5 therefore the said Lords fold, adjudged, decerned and declared, and hereby fell, adjudge, decern and declare all and whole, &c.

[here the Lands are to be specially enumerated] to pertain and belong to the said his Heirs and Assignees heritably

and irredeemably, upon Payment or Consignation of the aforesaid Price, with the annual Rent thereof in the Terms mentioned in the Articles of Roup and relative Bond granted therefor [here the Remainder of the Interlocutor of the Court must be taken in] and ordain Letters of Horning to pass and be direct hereon against the Superior of the said Subjects for infefting the Purchaser and his foresaids therein in Form as Effeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1810.

C. II2

50' GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (H.)

Form of Extract of Decreet of Ranking.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of In the Summons and Action of

tanking and Sale, faised and infilled in before the Lords of Council and Session, at the Instance of

against and the following Persons his Creditors,

videlicet [here enumerate the Names of the different Creditors cited] concluding that the following heritable Subje&s belonging to the said videlicet, All and whole, See.

[here defer the

the Subjects] ought and should be sold under Authority of the Court, in Terms of the several Acts of Parliament and Acts of Sederunt libelled on, and the Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors, according to their several Rights and Diligences affecting the fame, the following Grounds of Debt and Diligences thereon were produced on the Part of the respective Creditors after named, videlicef [here take in shortly the Grounds of Debt, &c. produced by the Creditors conform to the Inventories thereof given in by them; then add] and after some Procedure had been taken in the Action before the Lord as Ordinary

thereto, the said Lords of Council and Session, of the Date hereof, ranked and preferred, and hereby rank and prefer, See, [here the Words of the Interlocutor of Ranking to be verbatim engrtffed] and ordain all Letters and Execution necessary to pass and be direct hereon in Form as EfFeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE (I.)

Form of Extract of Decreet of Division.

AT Edinburgh, the Day of in the Process of Ranking and Sale, raised and infilled in before the Lords of Council and Session, at the Instance of

against v and the following Persons his Creditors, videlicet [here recite the

Names of the Creditors cited] concluding that the Lands and Estates, &c.

[here describe the Subjects shortly] belonging to the said should be sold under Authority of the Court, and the

Rents and Prices thereof divided among his Creditors, cohform to their respective Rights and Diligence affecting the fame, after the aforesaid Subjects nad been fold, and a Decreet Ranking, the Creditors pronounced and extracted: The said Lords of Council and Session, of the Date hereof, approved and hereby approve of the Scheme of Division of the Rents and Prices of the said Subjects made up and reported by

Accomptant in Edinburgh; and in Terms thereof decerned and ordained, and hereby decern and ordaia

the Purchaser of the said Subjects, to make Payment of the Sum due by him, extending of Principal and Interest at the Term of to the Sum of

Sterling, in manner following, videlicet [here take in that Part of the Accomptant Scheme which allocates the Price, and in case the FaSor has any Balance in his Hands, the Allocation of that Balance mufl also be inserted] and ordain Letters of Homing on Fifteen Days Charge, and all other Execution necessary to pass and be direct hereon in Form as EfFeirs. Extracted by me, one of the Principal Clerks of Session.

SCHEDULE.

DUES OF COURT.

Summonses.

IN lieu of the present Fee or Dues of Court, on Tabling of Summonses, there shall be paid On £. /. d, every Summons the Sum of - - - I o o

Suspensions and Advocations.

To pay the like Fee of One Pound each - -ioo

Original or Summary Applications by Petition, &c.

Original Petitions, and Petitions and Complaints, or any other Summary Application, by which a Cause comes in the first Instance before the Outer or Inner House, Audi pay in lieu of the present Fee of Four Shillings and Ten pence One Pound each - - -IOO

Defences.

All Defences including and comprehending the tirft Paper or Step of Process, given in for the Charger in a Suspension, or for the Defender, called in an Advocation, One Pound each - IOO

Answers to Summary Applications.

All Answers in Summary Applications, each One Pound - - - -ioo

Condefcendences and Answers in Outer or Inner House. Condefcendences, each Ten Shillings -

Answers to Ditto, or Counter-Condefcendences, each Ten Shillings -

Cc a

- O IO o

- O IO o Amendments

>95

196

C. 11

t Sic.

50° GEORGII III.

10,

Amendments of Libel, or additional Defences or Supplementary Condefcendences or Answers. Each, One Pound -

Rep re fen tat ions and Answers.

Representations to pay Ten Shillings each -

Answers to pay Five Shillings each -

Minutes.

Each Minute ordered by the Lord Ordinary or Court to be given in in the Inner or Outer House to pay Five Shillings -

Every Answer Five Shillings -

Memorials or Informations.

Memorials or Informations either in the Inner or Outer House to pay Ten Shillings each

Petitions, Reclaiming or Incidental, and Answers.

All Petitions and Answers (other than Original or Summary Applications as above) in lieu of the present Fee of Four Shillings and Ten pence, to pay Ten Shillings each

Prepared States.

Each Party in place of the present Fee on Hearings of Nine Shillings and Eight pence, to pay One Pound -

/. d.

loo

o 10

5

t

o

0 5 0 5

o 10

o

o

o 10 o

Replies and Duplies.

Replies and Duplies in the Inner or Outer House to pay each One Pound »1 o o

Notes.

AH Notes to the Lord President printed or written. Five Shillings each - - -050

Depositions of Witnesses or of Parties.

Depositions of Witnesses or of Parties, whether in presence of the Court or on Commission, in lieu

of the present Fee, to the Clerks of Session to pay each Two Shillings - - o 2

Interests in Processes of Multiple Poindings, Adjudications and Rankings and Sale; also Writings

f'ven in to satisfy Productions in Reductions, each Ten Shillings - - - © 10 O

Interests where the Sura claimed is under Ten Pounds, to continue as at present to pay no Fee.

Abridged Extrads.

The Extrads of Decreets in forot each One Pound One Shitting - - - 1 1 o

Extrads of Decreets in Absence, Acts, Abbreviates of Adjudication, Diligences and Protestations,

Ten Shillings and Six pence each - - - -0106

The Fees of the Lord Clerk Register on Summonses, and on Acts and Decreets, as also those of the Keeper of the Minute Book; and of the Macers on Ada and Decreets, and the Fees of the Macers on the Depositions of Witnesses and of Parties; and those of the Housekeepers on Abbreviates of Adjudications, and on Interests in Adjudications, are to remain as at present; and the Clerks Assistant who prepares f the Extrads, is likewise to be allowed to charge the ordinary Rate of copying per Sheet allowed to Agents before the Court of Session at the time.

Certified Copy of Proceedings for Appeal, Five Pounds each - -5

Cross Appeals to pay the same Sum each - 5

None of the above Dues to attach upon Processes on the Poors Roll.

is at present payable upon Extrads of Deeds recorded in the Books of Council and Session, which are subscribed by the Principal Clerks of Session as Deputies empowered to that Effect by the Lord Clerk Register, the Sums following, viz.

A Prote ft . - - .*£.0 $ 5

Of which there ia paid to the Lord Register To the Clerks -

To the Keepers -

And for writing, recording, Paper, &c.

A Deed (First Sheet)

Of which the Lord Register draws -

The Clerks draw -

The Keepers -

Writing, recording, Paper, &c. - - ° 1 o 3

o

o o

£. o

o

o

c

1

1

o

o

It

It

o

o

3

5

8

£.0

o

o

o

I

1

0

1

it

si

Second

A.D. 18ro. jo* GEORGII III.

C. n

Second Sheet pays

Of which the Clerks draw The Keepers

Writing* recording and Paper

Third and each other Sheet pays Of which the Keepers draw Writing, recording and Paper

- .0 2 4

£. o o io 008 0010

- 024

- 024

.016

OOIO

- 024

The above Registration Fees, in so far as they go to the Lord Clerk Register and Keepers of Registers, &c. shall continue on their present footing: but in so far as they go to the Principal Clerks of Session, and form a Part of the General Fund which they divide among themselves, shall be drawn by the Collector, and paid into the Fee Fund, out of which the Allowances or Salaries to the Principal and Depute Clerks of Sel&on, &c. axe to be paid in future.

SCHEDULE.

Rate of Fees payable to the Auditor of Court.

When the Amount of the Account to be taxed is under Ten Pounds, the Auditor's Fee xf.; . d.

to be - 076

Where the Account amounts to Ten Pounds but is under Twenty Pounds - - -0106

Where the Account amounts to Twenty Pounds but is under Fifty Pounds - - o 15 o

Where the Account amounts to Fifty Pounds but is under One hundred Pounds - - 1 1 o

Where the Account amounts to One hundred Pounds but is under One hundred and fifty Pounds 1 11 6

Where the Account amounts to One hundred and fifty Pounds but is under Two hundred Pounds 220

Where the Account amounts to Two hundred Pounds but is under Three hundred Pounds - 330

Where the Account amounts to Three hundred Pounds but is under Five hundred Pounds - 440

Where the Account amounts to Five hundred Pounds and upwards - - m 5 5 0

197

SCHEDULE.

Fees of Ordinary Signet Letters and of Services before the Macers.

Fees of Ordinary Signet Letters.

Letters of Homing and Poinding, Caption, Arrestment, Supplement and Law Burrows:

First Sheet, estimated as the legal Sheet, is by this Act -

Every other Sheet so estimated -

Inhibitions, Hornings against Superiors, Letters of General and Special Charge, and Summonses of Adjudication:

First Sheet -

Second Sheet -

Act other Summonses passing the Signet:

First Sheet.

Second Sheet -

Bills of Suspension and of Advocation, when drawn by a Writer to the Signet:

First Sheet -

Every other Sheet -

Letters of Suspensions and Advocations, when expede by the Writer to the Signet who drew the Bill:

For the formal Part, per Sheet

For every other Sheet, for writing and expecting the Letters When the Bill is drawn by another Person s For the formal Part per Sheet For every other Sheet -

£. d.

0 5 0

0 2 0

0 10 0

0 6 0

0 6 0

0 4 0

# 6 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 1 0

0 5 0

0 2 0

Fees of Service before the Macers to the Writer to the Signet, as Clerk to the Service, without Prejudice to other proper Charges relative to making up the Title.

For the Bill for Commission, Acts and Minutes of Court, Commissions to proclaim Brieves, See. First Sheet.

Every other Sheet -

For Claim,

First Sheet.

Every other Sheet.

For the Retour,

First Sheet.

Etery other Sheet -

060

040

0100

060

100 © 12 o As

1.98

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

C. 112 — 114.

As Clerk to the Service,

When the Lands are below £, 400. valued Rent Amounting to £. 400. and below £. 700.

£. 700. and below £. i, oooo.

- £, 1, 000. and below £. 1, 500

- £. 1, 500. and upwards

£. / d.

4 4 0

5 5 0

i 7 0

8 8 0

10 10 0

SCHEDULE.

Specific Compensations:

To each of the Principal Clerks of Session now in Office, in addition to the Salary of One thousand Pounds in the foregoing Act provided, during the respective Lives of the said Clerks, upon their severally becoming entitled to such Salary - - £. 100 per Ann.

To Thomas Mason, Extra&or, besides the Salary of Two hundred Pounds in the foregoing

Act provided during his Life - j£. 33 Per Ann.

To Louis de Maria, Extra&or, besides the like Salary, during his Life - - 30 per Ann.

To William Carmichael, Extra&or, besides the like Salary, during his Life - £. 50 per Ann.

To John Elder, Extra&or, besides the like Salary, during his Life - - 328 per Ann.

To Adam Wilson, Extra&or, besides the like Salary, during his Life - £. 175 per Ann.

To Joseph Johnson, Extra&or, besides the like Salary, during his Life - £. 5 per Ann.

To the following Extra&ors, during their respective Lives:

Thomas Millar - ^.310 per Ann.

Robert Pitcairn - 170 per Ann.

James Sibbald - -- -.50 per Ann.

David George - 26 per Ann.

James Shiells - 44 per Ann.

Alexander Pitcairn - -20 per Ann.

John Alexander - - J 00 per Ann.

Thomas Scott - -130 per Ann.

John Chalmers ----- 120 per Ann.

William Smith - no per Ann.

Walter Lockhart - - - 20 per Ann.

To the Collector of Clerks Dues now in Office, and his Deputes during their respective Lives,

according to the Proportions in which they now respectively receive the same - - ico per Ann,

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[ioth June 1810.]

Treasury empowered to raise 3, 000, 000l. by Exchequer Bills, in manner directed by 48 G. 3. c, I. — §1, 2. 44 Principal of said Bills chargeable on First Supplies of next Session. §3. Interest thereon at 3\d. 44 per Cent, per Diem. §4. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1811. — §5. Bank of England empowered to advance 3, 000, 000l. on Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 3c 6 IV, M.

44 c. 20. — §6.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, suid to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned, for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, at present labour and have for some time pall laboured under Difficulties, in the providing for certain Demands, by Creditors in the East Indies drawing upon the said Company in England: And whereas it is expedient that 4 a Sum of Money should be advanced for the Relief of the said Company: And whereas it has been resolved, that a Sum not exceeding One million five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be applied for the Purpose of relieving the East India Company; ' We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present rarlia-Tretftny may ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His issue i, /oo, ooool. Majesty's Treasury, at any time or times before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, Exchequer Bills, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or the like Rules and Directions as are 46 G, d. c. 1. prescribed in a a Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the issuing and paying ojf of Exskequer Bills,

2

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. 114, »r$; 199

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, ^-er* of recited Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said Act, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Pur- 1 u#

poses, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Ex- Exchequer Bill* chequer Bills shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and discharged by and out jbaigrd on

of the Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament. ies'

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall To bear Interest bear Date on the Days on which the same shall be respectively issued; and shall and may bear an Interest not at Per ^cnt* exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diemy upon or in respect of the whole of I. ^icm*

the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of the Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, o. Treasur) to

any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, at any time before the Fifth Day of April One advance iii« thousand eight hundred and eleven, to advance and pay to the said United Company, out of the Money raised or BTi

which may be raised upon such Exchequer Bills, such Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Produce '

of the Exchequer Bills allowed to be issued under this Act, and at such times as shall be required by the said

Company, for their Relief; and the said Company shall, on or before the First Day^of January One thousand*

eight hundred and twelve, pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be equal in Amount to the Money so to be advanced to the said Company, together with the Iiueivft and Charges incident to and attending the Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of this Act, or any other Exchequer Bills which may be issued under the Authority of Parliament in lieu thereof, and that the said Company shall give Security by Bond or Bonds to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the due Repayment of all such Advances, together with the Charges incident to the same as aforesaid, within the Period, and in the manner herein provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Exchequer Bur* Act, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall and may, from may be taken ia and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be received and taken, and shall pass

and be current to all and every the Receivers ana Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any L'CWU Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Perfo 1 or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments there to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for or upon any Account,

Cause or Occasion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that such of the fame Bills as shall be received at the Exchequer shall and may be locked up and secured as Cadi, according to the Course of the Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking up and securing Monies received, in Specie there.

VII. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Com- Bank mayad-pany of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to vance the Money* be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of

One million five hundred thousand Pounds; any thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to Their Mnjefltes several Rates and 6 W. &M.

Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, and for securing certain Recom- c. 20.

pences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One

Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War elgainjl France, or in any subsequent Act, to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to Act altered, &o. be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund oi Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten^and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.*[20th June 1810.]

I. £ 4, 400, 000 O

IJ. 428, 550 16

III.»233»°51 16

IV. 8, 000, cco 0

V. 19, 500, 000 0

o Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund.

1* Surplus of Consolidated Fund on 5th Jan. 1810. 6 Ditto - - 5th April, 1810.

o Part of the Sum of £ 19, 000, 000

granted by - 49 G. 3. c. 128.

o From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under 43 G. 3. c. 70.

- Excise ----- -c. 81.

Duties on Property - , c. 122.

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for. 1810.

Additional:

200

C. 115.

50° GEORGII III.

Additional Customt - 44 G. 3. r. 53.

- Duties on Property 45 G. 3. r. 15.

- Excise on Tobacco, &c. 46 G. 3. r. 39.

Customt - - - c. 42.

- Duties on Property c. 65.

- Excise on Brandy 47 G.3. Sejf. 1. r. 27.

Customs - - 48 G. 3. c. 26.

Ditto - - 49 G. 3. c. 98.

VI. 1, 448, too o o Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for 1809,

subscribed to be funded pursuant to Resolutions of House of Commons of itth March and 10th April

j8io. -.....j

VII. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Pension Aft, not exceeding

A.D. 1810.

Granted to make good the Supply for Service I of Great Britain for 1810.

VIII.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

3, 000, 000 0 0

10, 500, 000 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

6, 000, 000 0 0

12, 000, 000 0 0

Lotteries,

3, 000, 000 0 0

4*8.55° 16

8, 000, 000 0 0

*»*33»°5I 16 6

19*500, 000 0 0

1, 448, 100 0 0

4, 400, 000 0 0

The following Sumi

4, 000, 000 0 0

1, 400, 000 0 0

Share of Lotteries

216, 000 0 0

Appropriation, , viz

19, 829, 434 5 11

*»MW.75° 0 0

3.992, 615 0 0

3, 295 500 0 0

591, 500 0 0

*»5«'.°7 5 15 11

1, 841, 107 0, 0

854.3 !4 0 0

2, 760, 000 0 0

731, 000 0 0

75*000 0 0

370, 750 0 0

460, 687 10 O

34<5»*5 0 0

3, 000, 00c 0 0

200, 000 0 0

400, 000 0 0

9 80/xx> 0 0

*0, 337, 080 4 O

7*83, 902 6 9

50 G. 3. 1.

" C. 2.

- c. 3.

- c. 69.

Exchequer Bills Ditto -

Ditto -

Annuities (after remitting 4, 000, 000l.

to Ireland, ) - - — c. 45.

(deducing One third for Ireland, ) ----- c. 94.

Exchequer Bills - r. 113.

Surplus of Consolidated Fund (See § II.)

Part of Sum remaining to be received 16th Feb.

1810, to complete 19, 000, 000l. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1809.

(granted above, § III.)

out of War Taxes (granted above,

See $ V.)

(granted above, § VI.)

out of Surplus of Consolidated Fund (See § I.)

Appropriated to the Ufet after expressed.

See § IX, &c.

(Annuities) Ditto

(Treasury Bills)

coming into the Irish Exchequer-J under the Acts, /

the f*° 4 5

- 68

94-98,

Appropriated to the Ufet after expressed.

See § XXV, fcc.

£. /. 15*7 1 19 o 7

d.

6

3

o

o

-1

For 13 Months.

i For the Year 1810.

For Naval Services; that is to say,

For 130.000 Men, 1 j

For Viduala, - -I J, }*/*T '

For Wear and Tear of Ships, w {

For Ordnance for Sea Service, J MontlK j For Ordinary of Navy including Half Pay,

For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and extras.

For Provisions for Troops and Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Transports.

For Hire of Transports.

For Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad.

Ditto Sick.

For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad.

For additional 15, 000 Men, for 13 Months, at 2l. 7l. 3d. ter Man per Month.

ForWageaofsaid Men, at 1l. 15l. 6d.per Man per Month

For Great Britain, 44 to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of His Enemies, w and as the Exigencies of Affairs may require."

British Currency, 44 to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exi- gencies of Affairs may require for Ireland."

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty.

For the Government of Portugal in support of the Military Exertions ef that Kingdom, and for the Maintenance of 30, 000 Portuguese Troops."

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to say.

For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in the East Indies, Foreign Corps and embodied Militia.

*8.973

A.D. 1810.

*8, 973

2, 897, 861

3»37579-549

XV.

XVI.

XVIL

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

50' GEORGII III.

7 6 For Five Troops of Dragoons and Sixteen Compa-

niesof Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India.

5 3 For the embodied Militia of the United Kingdom,

and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon

and Cornwall.

457, 724 14 4 For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hospitals and Garrisons.

15 o For full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces.

6 t1 For Principal Officers of several Publick Departments in the United Kingdom, their Deputies,

Clerks and Contingencies, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay matter General.

223, 606 8 6 For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces

including Brit'tjh American Forces, and Scotch Brigade late in the Service of the Stater General. 10, 302 13 xx For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including British American Forces. 405, 487 5 8 For In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and KiU

mainham Hospitals, and Expences of the Hospitals.

56, 078 16 6 For Pen(ion8 to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Expences attending the fame in the United Kingdom.

869, 569 10 10 For Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom. I 643, 650 - o o For Local Militia Forces in Great Britain.

968, 4251 6 4 For Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom.

17, 840 13 o For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home, including Allowance to retired Chaplain General and other Contingencies.

114, 926 14 10 For Medicines for Land Forces and Hospital Contingencies.

15, 700 o o For Allowances on the Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers and Widows of Officers of Land Forces.

476, 61797 For Barrack Department in Ireland.

*09*489 13 1 For the Commissariat and extra Forage for Ca-.

valry in Ireland.

1.207.000 o o For probable Expenditure of Commissary in" ChiePs Department.

o o For Barrack Department in Great Britain*

13 o For extraordinary Expences of the Army not provided for.

2.750.000 o o For extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain.

o o Ditto - - in Ireland.

19 2 For Office of Ordnance for Land Service for

Great Britain.

18 3 For Ditto not provided for in 1808.

5 o Ditto - in 1809.

3 3 Ditto for Ireland for 1810.

19 2 Ditto not provided for in 1809.

o o For discharging outstanding Exchequer Bills under

49 G. 3. c. 2.

o o Ditto - c. 3.

o o Ditto for the Service of the Year j 809. o o Ditto - - 49 G. 3. c. 52.

o o Ditto - - c. 114.

2 6

c. 115.

From 25th 1809, to 24th Dec. 18 to.

548, 481

44, '5, 7

*00, 000

3, 078, 742

I3M9* 124, 542 447»7'O 37.*78 10, 500, 000

1, 500, 000

8.000. 000

6.000. 000 2, 689, 900

15, 165

For the Year 1810.

From 25th Dee. 1808, to 24th Dec. 1809.

For the Year 1810.

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Addresses of the House of Common*, not made good by Parliament.

Civil Establishments, vhc.

10, 450 o o 2, 060 o o 10, 165 o o 5, 600 o o 3, 700 o o 50 Geo. III.

Upper Canada. Cape Breton. Nova Scotia. New Brunswick. Bahama Islandt.

From

1st Jan. to Dec. 1810

3.(1

Dd

1.030

201

202

C. 115

XXIII.

50 GEORGII III.

A.D. 181$.

1, 030 0 0

600 6 0

4*55* 0 0

13, 268 '5 0

15, 710 0 0

3, 100 0 0

33, 000 0 0

13, 188 I 6

5, 588 I 9

6, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

12, 000 i*362 0 0

6 ui

26, 800 0 0

i»3*8 5 4

3>5°° 0 0

7, 841 12 11

56*50 0 0

161, 452 2 0

5.50O 0 0

3, 162 7 41

428 15 0

533 13 6

1, 151 2, 698 8 0

>3 0

1, 623 0 0

219 14 0

182 5 3

83817 0

28919 8

278 6 6

3*4 18 6

«, i6o 12 0

"44 6

1*474 18 0

6, 266 12 0

717 18 0

57, 948 14 6

25, 898 4 5

9*634 0

958 8 0

706 17 2

882 8 5

36296j

1, 600, 000 0 0

2, 000 0 0

50, 000 0 0.

3*5oo 0 0

7*3 l9 3i

22*200 0 0

2, 8057 3

10, COO b 0

1st Jan. to Dee. 1810.

31*

On ^th April 1810. On ioth0£. 1810.

For the Year 1810.

> For the Year 1819.

Bermuda or Somers JJlands.

Dominica.

Newfoundland -..*{ From

New South Wales.

Sierra Leone.

Saint John in America.

British Forts and Settlements in Africa.

For paying Annuities under 37 G. 3. r. IO. an<

42 G. 3.r. 8.

Ditto

To Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons.

Law Charges for Great Britain,

Publick Office Bow Street.

Deficiency of Grant of 1809* for Printing and Stationary for both Houset of Parliament.

For Printing and Stationary for both Houses of'

Parliament.

To pay Charitable and other Allowances to the Poor of Saint Martin in the Fields.

Extraordinary Expences for Prosecutions, &c.

relating to the Coin.

Superintendance of Aliens.

Expence of Convicts at Home.

French Clergy, Toulonefe, Dutch and Corsican Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loyalists.

Allowances to Officers of Houses of Lords and Commons, and Disbursements to Serjeants at Arms. - - - J

Printing by Order of Commissioners of Publick Records.

For Index to Rolls of Parliament.

Forlndex to Journals of the Peers, from 3th July >808 to 5th Julyi % oy» For Salaries and Incidental Expences in forming said Indexes. Chairman of Committee of House of Lords, for the Year 1809.

Serjeant at Arms to House of Lords for Services during 1809.

Deputy Serjeant at Arms to House of Commons for One Year's Rent of House in lieu of Apartments.

Expences on prosecuting Elm Bark Bill in Parliament.

Publishing average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for Two Years to lfl OB. 1809.

Extra Expences in preparing Returns of Non-resident Clergy for Two Years to 25th March 1808. f To Dr. T. B. Clarke for Trouble relative to Act for enforcing Residenec j to 5th July 1809.

Expences in making Road from Contin to Ullapool.

Officers for levying Tallies in Exchequer from 5th July 1808 to 5th April 1809.

To discharge Bill from Van Diemen*s Land\

Expences of Commissioners of Military Enquiry.

Horse Patrol round the Metropolis for One Year.

Expences of Furniture for India Board at Dorset House.

Royal Military College, 25th Dec. 1809 to 24th Dec. 1810.

Royal Military Asylum, CheUeat from 25th Dec. 1809 to 24th Dec. 181a

rTAS^ % v- .*<-

Thames Police Office.

Expences of Two Printing Presses, a Present to Regency of Portugal. Work done at House occupied by Board of Controul.

I Preparing Journah of House of Lords to be printed*

Discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills.

To Capt. G. IV. Manky, Reward for Invention for effecting Communication with Ships stranded.

Inland Navigation by Inverness to Fort William.

Printing 1, 750 Copies of 62d Vel. of Journals of House of Commoas. Deficiency of the Grant of 1808 for printing the 60th Vol. of Ditto. Printing Votes, Bills, Reports, &c., of the House of Commons in 1810. Deficiency of Grant for Printing Ditto, for 1809.

Reprinting Journals, &c« of Hoyfe of Commons, in 1810.

270

bo

V

6

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. 115.

x£iv.

> For the Year 1810.

270 7 8 Deficiency for extraorduuuyExpences for Prosecutions, &c. relating to Coin in 1809.

7, 132 o 6 British Museum for General Purposes.

12.500 o o Royal College of Surgeons to erect Theatre, &c.

20, 125 2 f 1J (Issued out of Civil List) to discharge Bills from Sierra Leone.

16.500 o o Towards building Mint on Tower Hill,

8.000 o o Repairs and completing Marshalsea Prison.

21.000 o o Lazaretto at Chetney Hill.

17, 50° 0 0 Extra Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of

State.

14.000 o o Extra Charge for Messengers of Ditto*

175.000 o o Foreign and Secret Service.

5.000 o o Works at the House of Lords.

40.000 o o To discharge Bills from New South Wales,

110, 000 o o Deficiency of Grant of the Year 1809 for Salarie

to Officers of Houses of Lords and Common and Serjeant at Arms.

5.000 o o Fees on passing Publick Accounts for the Year 1810.

{issued out of) To the Counsel to Chairman of Committees for House of Civil List. J Peers during the Two lad Sessions.

Towards Repair of Henry VI Ps. Chapel.

Towards improving Harbour of Holyhead

Building ana Maintenance of Naval Asylum. - For the Year 1810. Rebuilding Publick Edifices in Trinidad^ deffcroyed by Fire in 1808.

Board of Agriculture. ) v A #r

Veterinary Allege. - -} For the Year , 8lo'

Purchase of C. F, Greville's Collection of Minerals.

Printing 1, 250 Copies of Volumes 38. and 39. of the Lords' Journals.

Printing 1, 250 Copies of Calendar of Lords' Journals, from Henry VIIL to 28th 1808.

For Outstanding Demands for Works done at Houses of Parliament, in 1810* For Rebuilding Light-house, &c. at Heligoland, in 1810.

Towards Expences of exploring Interior of Africa. 1 For Improvements near to Westminster Half, &c. > For the Year 1810.

under 46 G. 3. c. 89. - - J

Compensation to Commissioners of Publick Expenditure in certain Military Departments, for two Years.

Compensation to Commissioners of Windsor Forefi,

The National Vaccine Establishment. - - For the Year 1810.

"To discharge a Bill drawn by the Governor of Fort George.

Expences of Prison at Sheerness.

Examining and investigating East India Accounts for one Year, to 7th Sept. 1839.

_^Thames Police Office.

*2 i Preparing 38th and 39th Volumes of the Lords* Jouraals for the Press. g I Stationary sent to Cape of Good Hope* in 1808.

-a I Horse Patrole for one Quarter, to 5th April 1810.

0 I To Messrs. Gurney Expences on Committees of the Houses of Parlia-H — ^ment, in Session 1809.

To the Governors of Queen Anne98 Bounty for the Poor Clergy.

Issued out") Special Constables during the late Disturb&nces. of Civil >^0 RePre^ntatives of the late Charles Morris, Surveyor General Lift 1 ^an<l8 ^or Nova Scotia, in conference of under Compute-J tl°nn I1* Accounts.

To Commissioners for Sale and Redemption of Land Tax for Services, since 1799.

Military Roads in North Britan % . 1

Roads and Bridges in Highlands in Scotland, > For the Year 1810.

3»396 8 0

1, 500 0 0

10, 000 0 0

00 00 10 1

25, 000 0 0

5, 500 0 0

1, 000 0 0

1*727 0 0

2, 8179 7

1 4

1, 5 JO 0 0

7, 716 0 0

5*1 15 0

8, 84490

31, 000 0

8, 000 0 0

3, 000 0 0

44 11 o'

389 16 0

426 12 0

316 16 0

349 8 0

336 10 0

1, 546 17 0

37i 12 0

100, 000 0 0

I>°34 5 0

*933 6

12, 000 0 0

5, 696 11 8

10, 000 0 P

Currency.

200 0 0

250 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

c. 5 -a - I*

under 43 G. 3. c. 80.

[In Ireland.] 1 for k

Examinator of Corn Bounties for keeping Accounts.

Inspector General of Imports and Exports, preparing Account! of Irehmd^ First Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts.

Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Assistant Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Clerk in Auditor's Office Exchequer, Ditto.

D d a XXVI. 25, 000

203

204

39 fc 40 G. a. C. 16. 29*

C. 115, 116.

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

XXVI.

25, 000 o o Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expencei in Inland, from 5th Jan 1810, to 5th «/uji. 1811.

Printing &c. 250 Copies of Publick General Acts 50 G. 3

Apprehending Publick Offenders.

Non-conforming Minister*. j

Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin. m 1 Support of Seceding Ministers from the Synod'of Ulster.

Incidents of the Treasury.

1, 200

2, 500

9*4*9

1, 047

3*79*

o

o

18

10

o

From 5th Jan. 1810, to 5th Jan. 1811.

35 00

1, 086

740

10, 500

o o

o o Clothing Heralds, &c.

From 25th March i8rof to 25th March 1811. For one Year ending 5th Jan. 1811.

For three Years from 17th March 1810.

r 7 From 5th Jan. 1810, to - \ 5th Jan. 1811.

From 5th Jan. 1810, to 5th Jan. 1811.

o o Clothing Battle Axe Guards from i&June 1810, to 1st Dec. 1811.

O Proclamation and Advertisements in Dublin 1, r 0

Gazette, &c. - - - I From S5h f" 0, 8, °* to

25.000 o o Civil Buildings - - - -j 5th Jan. 1811.

14, 662 o o (British) Completing Ardglass Pier.

12.000 o o (Irish) Draining Bogs.

22, 158 o o Printing, &c. for Secretaries Office, and other v Publick Offices in Dublin Castle.

3, 082 o o Salaries of Lottery Offices, for one Year ending 24th Jan. "1810.

35.000 o o Harbour of Howth, Works at 216, 000 o o (Briffh) Purchase of Duties of Butlerage and Prizage.

7, 5: 0 o o (British) Allowance to Commissioners for Enquiries into Fees and Abuses. XXVIL 10, 000 o o (Irish) Board of First Fruits for building and 3

rebuilding Churches, See. -.I

10.000 o o Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, See.

5, 000 o o Farming Society 01 Ireland.

21, 600 o o Trustees of the Linen Manufactures. - - J

9, 805 o o Commissioners for making wide and convenient j Streets in Dublin. - - J

50.000 o o Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, towards building, See. Churches*

Glebe Houses, Sec.

XXVIII. 14*585 O o Hibernian School for Soldiers* Children.

47, 928 o o House of Industry, Asylum and Penitentiaries in Dublin.

3, 256 o o Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin.

*>577 0 0 Female Orphan House, near Dublin.

8*973 0 O Roman Catholic Seminary.

37*575 0 0 Foundling Hospital, in Dublin

2, 0v 000 Cork Institution.

1, 918 o o Afloeiation for discountenancing Vice. - f

800 o o Commissijuers of Charitable Donations.

3, 946 o o IVcf.moreland Lock Hospital in Dublin.

5, 522 o o Sir Patrick Dunn's Hospital.

2, 519 o o Lying-in Hospital.

1, 000 o o Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin.

500 o o Doctor Stevens*s Hospital.

29, 428 o o Incorporated Society for Promoting EngVtJb Protestant Schools.

XXIX. Supplies shall be applied only to the Purposes authorized, Sec.

XXX. Rules for Application of Half Pay.

XXXI. Application of Overplus of Sum, under 49 G. 3. c. 128. §13. to reduced Officers.

From 5th Jan. 18 to to 5?h Jan. 1811.

- As in former Acts.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to extend and amend the Term and Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forefc in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Fore ft, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth ar*i Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same \ a Power

1 ii

A.D. 1810. 5o° GEORGII III. C. 116, 117.

' is given to the Commissioners of the Treasury for Ten Years after the passing of that Act, to contract for the Exchange of any of the Waste Lands lying in the New Forest, belonging to the Crown, not exceeding the Value of Five hundred Pounds, for any other Land lying in the fame Forest, belonging to Individuals of the Nature, Situation and Description in the said Act particularly specified: And whereas the Time limited

for making such Exchanges will expire on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, and it is expedient to enlarge the fawei* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the time for making such Exchanges under the said recited Act shall be extended to the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and all Powers, Provisions and Directions contained in the said recited Act, relative to such Exchanges, shall be and continue in force for such extended Period.

II. And whereas by the said Act it was, amongst other things, enacted, that the Commissioners named

in the said Act should ascertain the Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands within the same, which belong to His Majesty, f they should cause a Map or Plan to be made of the said Forest; in which Map or Plan

the Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the same, as ascertained by the said Commissioners, should be accurately and distinctly marked, set out and distingnished; and the

Lands within the said Forest belonging to other Persons should also be marked and distinguished in the said

Map or Plan, so far as the said Commissioners should be able to ascertain the fame 5 and that such Map or

Plan should be certified, and deposited as therein mentioned; and that after such Map or Plan should

have been (o made and completed, certified and deposited amongst the Records of the Court of Attachments of the said Forest, all unlawful Inclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses whatsoever within the said Forest, should and might be enquired of by the Verdurers of the said Forest in the Court of Attachments of the said Forest, and the Person or Persons guilty of any such Inclosure, Purpre-

fture. Encroachment or Trespass, should and might be prosecuted for the fame in the said Court; and upon Proof being made thereof by the Oath of One credible Witness, the Verdurers of the said Forest, or any Two of them present at the said Court, should have Power, and they were thereby authorized to fine any Person or Persons so offending, for every such Offence, in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be re-€ covered and applied in the manner therein provided j and to order and direct every such Inclosure, Purprefture, Incroachment and Trespass, to be abated by the Rcgarders, Uuderkeepers, or other Officers of the said Forest, who should abate the fame accordingly: And whereas Two of the Commissioners authorized by the said Act, and a Commissioner named in a subsequent Act of the Forty Aril Year of His Majesty's Reign, proceeded to ascertain and settle the Boundaries of the said Forest, and the Lands within the same,

belonging to His Majesty, and have returned their Proceedings thereon pursuant to the said Act; but have not proceeded to cause such Map or Plan to be made pursuant to the said Act, and have represented that they

were unable so to do: And whereas great Trespasses have been made in the said Forest, and the Verdurers

are unable to proceed according to the said Act, for want of such Map or Plan : Be it therefore enacted, That notwithstanding such Map or Plan has not been made, certified and deposited as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Verdureis of the said Forest to proceed asdirested and authorized by the said Act, in case such Map or Plan had been made, certified and deposited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, in case it shall be infilled by any Person or Persons who shall be proceeded against in the Attachment Court as directed by the said Act, that the Place wherein the Inclosure, Purprefture or Trespass shall be or alledged to have been made, was not within the Boundaries of the said Fore ft or within the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the said Forest, the said Verdurers shall not proceed to Conviction, but shall certify the Preferment of such Offence to His Majesty* Attorney General, to the end that such Proceeding may be had therein, by Information of In-trufion, or otherwise, as by Law might have been done before the passing of the said recited Act or of this Act.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to dlreft that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Publick Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and coiitroul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances.

[21st June 1B10.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Account of the Increase and Diminution of all Publick Salaries,

4 W and of all Pensions and Allowances in the Nature of Superannuation or Rewards for Publick Serri-

ces, should be annually laid before Parliament; and that Provision should be made for regulating and cou-

trouling the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritaland Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That between the First Day of February and Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, if Parliament shall be fitting during any Part of such Period, or if Parliament shall not be fitting during any Part of such Period, then within Forty Day* after the Commencement -of the Session of Parliament in such Year, there shall be laid before both Housetof Parliament, an Account of every Increase and Diminution which shall have taken place within the preceding Year, ending oA the First Day of January, in the Number of Persons employed in all Publick Offices or Departments, or in the Salaries, Emoluments, Allowances and Expences which may have taken place, or been paid, granted, received or incurred for and in respect of all Officers and Persons belonging to or employed in or by or in the Service of all Publick Offices or Departments, specifying the Aonount and Nature thereof, and distinguishing in such Account every Increase ana Diminution in the Amount of all Allowance* or Compeftfations granted or allowed a* retired Allowances or Superannuations to any Person or Persons

having

205

Extended to JoJy 28th 18il.'

& 40 G. 3.

C. 86. $ W.

f Sic,

41 G. 3. (U.K.)

C. 108.

Verdurers to }>n>-coed in airmailing Houndariea without Map dirtied to be prepared tindte recited Acts

Amount of in-

crease and Diminution of Publick Salaries, laid before Parliament.

io6 C.ity.

So* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Tn uliat C*fc

#nlv Comjrf'nfa-Xuitifjr Venires or fcu-perannuaiious to bt grained.

Nm to extend to Hall Pay, &c.

Hall Pay and Miliiary ami Nava! iVnfions laid before Parliament iu fejjarate annual Estimatf*.

Civil Allowance* in Army, Ordnance and Navy laid before Parliament hi fepa-ftte animal KJU-

Fund from Sale of old Stores not charged with Pennons.

Proviso for Pen-iiona, 8ic. now ahatged ou £ud Fund.

Deficiencies of Payments of Establishment, &c. out of Fee Fund of any Office, annually laid before Parfiateent.

Deficiency of Fee Fund in <*< rtai n Offices made gtxjd out of Civil list, &.C.

When no Foe Fund, the Whole annually laid before an»l provided furby PaiUameot.

having held any Office, Place or Employment m any such Publick Office or Department, or having been employed in any manner in any Publick Services under any such Office or Department, and specifying in every such Account the Time and Length of Service of every such Person, and the Amount of the Salary or Allowances received by such Person immediately preceding such Superannuation, and the Nature of his Services, and also specifying in every such Account the Grounds upon which every such Increase or Diminution in the Establishment of any such Publick Office or Department, o, of any such Salary, Emolument, Allowance or Compensation, or Superannuation as aforesaid, mail have been made, granted or allowed.

II. And be it further enact^df That fid Compensation for any Office abolished, or special Allowance or Remim&iuiea tfl fifty Person holding any Civil Employment in any Publick Office for any good Services, shall he charged upon the Incidents or any other Fund of any Publick Office or Department, and no Allowance or Compensation, in the Nature of any Superannuation or retired Allowance or Reward, to any such Person as aforesaid, in respect of his having held any Publick Office or Employment, or been engaged in any publick Service, (except such as may be granted by any Order of His Majesty in Council) shall be granted, paid or allowed, without the Concurrence of Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be (Sgnified by Warrant under their Hands, or by a Letter from One of the Secretaries to the said Commissioners, to the Officer or Officers at the Head of such Department, or by the Signature of such Three of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Instrument by which such Compensation, Allowance or Superannuation shall be granted,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Half Pay or Allowance in lieu of Half Pay, or to any such Military or Naval Allowances or Pensions, as are granted under the Regulations of any Order of His Majesty in Council now in force-in any of the respective Offices of the Secretary at War, the Master General of the Ordnance, or the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; except as herein after is provided with respect to the same.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Half Pay and Allowances in lieu of Half Pay in the Army, Ordnance, Navy or Marines respectively, and all Military and Naval Allowances and Pensions granted, or which shall hereafter be granted in the respective Offices of the Secretary at War, the Master General of the Ordnance, or Commissioners of the Admiralty respectively, under the Authority of any Order in Council, shall be laid before the Commons House of Parliament, in separate Estimates, with the ordinary Estimates of the Army, Ordnance and Navy respectively, and shall be kept distinct from all Pensions, Allowances, Emo- luments or Compensations in the Nature of Superannuations or retired Allowances, in any of the Civil Offices or Departments belonging to or connected with, or under the Superintendance and Controul of the Secretary at War, or the Master General of the Ordnance, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments, in the* Nature of any Superannuation, or retired Allowances, to any Persona in respect of having held any Publick Offices or Employments, or having been engaged in the Service of the Secretary at War, Master General of the Ordance, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty respectively, in any of the Civil Departments of such* respective Offices, shall annually be laid before the Commons House of Parliament, in separate Estimates, with the ordinary Estimates of the Army, Ordnance and Navy respectively, distinct from the respective Efti-match of such Departments, and voted by Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful to charge the Fund arising from the Sale of old Naval Stores, with any Pension, Payment or Allowance, to any Person or Persons whatever; and an Account of the total annual Produce arising from the Sale of old Stores shall be annually laid before Parliament, and Credit shall be given for the total Produce of such Sales of old Naval Stores, in the Estimates of the Navy laid before Parliament in each Year.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Pensions, Payments, and Allowances, which are now charged upon the Fund arising from the said Sale of old Naval Stores, shall remain charged and shall be paid out of the said Fund, until the same shall be included in the Estimates of the Navy; and all such Pensions, Payments and Allowances, shall be included in die Estimates of the Navy for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall be in like manner provided for in future Years, and shall be no longer deemed to be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Office and Publick Department in which the Estabfi&ment of the Office is paid by any Fund created by the Fees received in such Office, all Allowances and Compenfa-k tions-paid or granted, or which shall be hereafter granted in the Nature of Superannuations or Allowances or Rewards, to any Persons in respect of any Publick Services, shall be charged in the first Instance, upon, and paid out of such Fund as aforesaid; and where such Fund shall be found deficient in any Office for the Payment of such Establishment and other Payments as aforesaid, an Estimate of such Deficiency shall be fubmkted annually to the Commons House of Parliament, and such Deficierifcy shall be supplied by a Vote of Parliament

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Deficiency of the Fee Fund shall be found in the Offices of the Principal Secretary of State, of the Privy Council, and of the Treasury, the same shall be made good out of the Civil List; and that all Allowances and Compeufations in the Nature of Superannuations, or Allowances and Rewards, to any Person in respect of any Publick Services in any Departments, the Establishment of which is wholly charged upon the Civil List, shall also be dunged upon that Fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Publick Office and Department in which there shall be no such Fee Fund as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Establishment of such Office or Department^ not being an Office in Receipt of Revenue, or an Office the Ettabh foment of which is wholly charged

f4 upon

A.D. 1810.

207

50° GEORGII III.

C. 117, 118.

upon the Civil List* the Whole of such Allowances and Compensations in the Nature of Superannuations or Allowances or Rewards* to any Person in respect of any Publick Services* shall annually be laid before the Commons House of Parliament by Estimate* and be voted and charged upon such Funds as Parliament shall direct

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Allowances or Compensations hereafter to be granted or allowed as Allowances or Pensions or Superannuations* shall be paid to the Persons entitled to receive the same, without any Abatement ar Deduction on account of any Rates or Duties imposed by any Act of Parliament, except the Duty granted by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War* and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of m Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Duties in Great Britain on the Rates find Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions* Trades and Offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty* for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions* Trades and Offices* and to consolidatt and render more tffedual the Provisions for colteding the fend Duties

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Condition and Proportion of such Allowances* Compensations* Remunerations or Superannuations* be as follows:

Where any Officer shall be under Sixty Years of Age, it shall not be lawful to grant any such Allowance* Compensation* Remuneration or Superannuation* unleU upon Certificate from the Heads of the Department to which such Officer belongs* that such Officer is incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body* to discharge the Duties of his Office; in which case* if he shall have served with Diligence and Fidelity in the publick Service for Ten Years, it shall and may be lawful to grant to him by way of Superannuation* any annual Sum oot exceeding One third of the Salary and Emoluments of his Office:

If above Ten Years and less than Twenty* any such Sum not exceeding One Half of such Salary and Emoluments:

If above Twenty Years* any such Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of such Salary and Emoluments 5

If such Officer mall be above Sixty Years of Age* and he shall have served Fifteen Years or upwards* it shall and may be lawful although there shall be no such Certificate of Incapacity* from Infirmity of Body or Mind* to grant to him by way of Superannuation* any annual Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of the Salary and Emoluments of his Office:

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards* and he shall have served Forty Years or upwards* any such Sum not exceeding Three Fourths of such Salary and Emoluments:

If Sixty five Years of Age or upwards* and he shall have served Fifty Years or upwards* any such Sum not exceeding the Whole of such Salary and Emoluments.

XIII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to dfcharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in Ar rear for the future by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues* ana by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned* which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended* so far as respeda Pensiont

to Persons who shall have served the Crown in Foreign Courts* after the Expiration of their Services f Be it therefore enacted, That no Pension or Allowance shall be granted to any Person for or on account of having served the Crown in Foreign Courts, within less than Ten Years from the Date of his first Appointment in such Service, during which time he shall have served not less than Three Years, and no such Allowance shall exceed Two thousand Pounds per Annum, and every such Allowance shall abate if such Person shall be appointed to any Civil Office or Employment under the Crown of equal orcrater A mount, and shall also be subject to a proportionate Abatement if the Value of any such Office or Employment should be less than the Amount of such Allowance as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Pension or Allowance shall be granted* the Person in whose Favour the same shall be granted shall not be less than Thirty five Years of Age, and His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs shall transmit to the Treasury a Certificate under his Hand* that such Person has not wjtkin such Ten Years declined serving as a Foreign Minister* except for sufficient Cause* in any Rank or Station equal or superior to that in which be had last served* which Certificate flydl be recited in the Grant of such Penbou or Allowance.

Supmtmuttien* or Attowtnct* lobe paid without Deductions, «*-eept Property Tax.

46 G. 3. c.S3.

Conditions orr which AIK gnnmd.

23G..«.

Pensions of Persons who have served the Cn in Foreign Courts*

Ago of Person* receiving such Ptafiou.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for regulating the Offices of Registrars of Admiralty and Prize Courts*

[aid June 1810.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Offices of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty and Regis-

trar of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes* and High Court of Delegates in Great Britain*

1 should* after the Expiration of the Interests at present vested in roffession or Reversion in the fame, be re-

eulated \ and that a Proportion of the Amount of the Fees* Emoluments and Profits* arising from' or in the

laid Offices, after Payment of and defraying the Expences incident to the Duties of the said Offices, shall 1 be carried to the Account of the Consolidated Fund May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the Expiration of the Interests at present vested in Possession or Reversion in the (rid

Offices

Account kept ot Feet in ccruia Offices*.

208

C. 118, 119.

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Application of Feet*

Quarterly Accounts laid before Courts.

RegiHrar to retain Money for current Business of Office. Balance paid quarterly into

Exchequer. Office of Registrar not executed by Deputy.

Judge of Admiralty may dire<5l the Appointment of an Assistant Kegillrar.

Hit Salary.

His Majesty may alter Table of Feet.

46 G. S, t> «9.

48 G. 9. c. 137.

§1.

J3.

Offices of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, and High Court of Delegates, an Account shall be kept in the said Offices respectively of all the Fees, Dues, Perquisites, Emoluments and Profits received by or on account of or for such Re^ifirars as aforesaid, and the lame shall be carried to and constitute a Fund for the Payment and Discharge of all the Expences arising and incurred in the Execution of the Duties of the said Offices; and out of the Surplu which shall remain after payment of such Expences, One Third shall go and belong to the Registrar for himfdr and an Afliilant Registrar to he appointed by such Registrar, in cate it shall be necessary that there should be an assistant Registrar, and the remaining Two Thirds of such Surplus shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and such Surplus of Two Thirds, or such Part of the same as shall not be retained for the Service of the Office according to the Directions herein after mentioned, shall be paid into the Exchequer by Quarterly Payments as herein after mentioned, and the Account of such Fees and Emoluments, and of act Expences paid thereout, (hill at all times be open to the Inspection, Examination and Controul of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be exhibited to the Court to which every such Registrar shall belong, Fourteen Days at lead before each of the Quarter Days herein after mentioned, an Account of the Amount of such Surplus of Two Thirds for the current Quarter, and the same shall be verified by the Oath of such Registrar; and so much of such Amount as shall be di redled by the Court shall be detained in the Hands of the Registrar for the current Business of the Office; and the Balance shall be paid into the Exchequer by such Registrar on or before the Fourth Day of January, the Fourth Day of April, the Fourth Day of July and the Ninth Day of 0Sober, in every Year next ensuing the exhibiting of any such Account to the Court as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Office of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, or of the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or High Court of Delegates in Great Britain, shall, after the Expiration of the Interest now veiled in Possession or Reversion therein, be granted for a longer Term than during Pleasure, nor be executed by Deputy; but the Person appointed Registrar, and receiving the Fees and Emoluments of the Office, shall by himself, or with an Assistant, in case an Assistant shall be necessary, in Person execute the Duties thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty at any time when the State of the Business of the said Court, or in the High Court of Appeals for Prizes, or High Court of Delegates in Great Britain, shall appear to him to require the Appointment of an Assistant Registrar, to direct the Registrar to make such Appointment, either with or without the Request and Consent of the said Registrar, and such Assistant Registrar shall be entitled to receive not less than One Third, nor more than One Moiety of One Third of the said Surplus hereby enacted to belong to such Registrar and his Assistant, according as the said Judge may from time to time direct and appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to re^ drain His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from regulating the Fees of the said Court, and from amending and altering the Table of Fees therein, as by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of Hi* or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper; but that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to make such Regulations, and ia such manner with regard to the fame, as if this Act had not been passed.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for tho Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster HaU and the Two Houses of Parliament.

[a1st June .1810.]

TT T WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Consolidating and rendering more effedluai the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further

Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall9 and the Two Houses of Parliament:

And whei^as by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and enlarg-

ing the Powers of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, it was enacted, that it should and

might be lawful to and for the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter of tVeflminJter9 ' by Indenture or Indentures Under their Common Seal to be inrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster^ to demise or lease to the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, or to any such Three of them as therein mentioned, for the Term of Ninety nine Years,

to take Effect in Possession, all or any Part or Parts of the Ground, Houses and Buildings in the said

reciting Act described or mentioned, and which are situate near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and that every such Demise or Lease should and might be made at such yearly Rent or ' Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, restrictions and Agreements as should be

agreed upon between the said Dean and Chapter, asd the Commissioners for executing the said Act of 1 the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, but that no such Lease should be granted by the said Dean and Chapter

until the fame Commissioners should, under the Authority of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, hnve purchased the Rights and Interests of the respective Lessees or Under Tenants of the Hereditaments to be described therein respectively; and by the said reciting Act, it is further enacted, that

notwithstanding any thing in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, contained to the contrary,

all Houses, Buildings and Grounds which should thereafter be eontracted to be leased to the Commissioners

f8 ' under

A.D. 188 to.

5o° GEORGII III.

C.

119.

209

is.

46 G. 3. C. 89.

under the same Act or the now reciting Act, should he demised to any such Three of the fame Commissioners

as in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid is mentioned, and after the fame should have been so demised, should be, and the fame were by the said reciting Act vested in the Lord High Treaftirer of Great Britain, or in the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the ' time being, and should be employed for the Purpose of the same Act, subject to the Powers and Authorities in the said reciting Act contained: And it is thereby further enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, from time to time to direct or contract for the taking down of any Houses and Buildings which should be leased to them by virtue of the said reciting Act, and for the felling and disposing of the Materials of all such Houses and Buildings, and that all such Materials, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof, should be and were thereby vested in the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, and such Money should be applied and accounted for in the manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, touching the Money arising from the Sale of the Materials of the House9 and Buildings to be taken down in pursuance thereof: And it is thereby further enacted, that when any Hereditaments should have been demised by the said Dean and Chapter in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or of the now reciting Act, it should be lawful for the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, from time to time, (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or of any Three or more of them) by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by the Commissioners for the time being exercising that present Power, and to be enrolled in one of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to grant any Underlease or Underleases of all or any Part or Parts of the fame Hereditaments to any Person or Persons whom foe ver,

for any Term or Number of Years, and also that it should be lawful for the fame Commissioners, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, from time to time to grant any Lease or Leases for any Term or Terms of Years, of all or any other Part or Parts of the Grounds which had been or should be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Acts therein referred to, or of the said reciting Act, and that every Lease which should be granted in pursuance of the said reciting Act should and might be granted at such yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants for building thereupon, and such other Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions and Agreement*, as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them should approve: And whereas, under the Powers of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid,

the Commissioners of that Act have purchased all the Rights and intere(l9 of the respective Lessees or Undertenants of all the Houses and Buildings upon the Ground authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, to be leased by the said Dean and Chapter as aforesaid, and have caused all the said Houses and Buildings to be pulled down, and have fold and disposed of the Materials thereof, and are now in possession of the fame Ground: And whereas it is expedient that the Mode of leafing by the said Dean and Chapter should be altered, and that the Powers of the aforesaid Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid should be further amended and enlarged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Dean and Chapter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, notwithstanding any Statute or Statutes now in force to the contrary, by Indenture under their Common Seal, to be inrolled in one of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to demise or lease unto the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or to the Person or Persons for the time being executing the said Office of Surveyor General, all the Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, to be demised by the said Dean and Chapter to the Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, which Pieces or Parcels C\IV'

of Land or Ground arc Part of the Possessions of the said Dean and Chapter, and are also Part of the J^inonrri under Hereditaments particularly described in the Form of a Lease written or contained in the Schedule to this Act, and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Ground situate in the said Parish of Saint Margaret, ll'cstminster, being Parts and Parcels of the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which by Order of the Commissioners of the aforesaid Acts are no longer to be used as such, but are to be taken into the new Plan of Building authorized by the said Acts, which last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Ground are the Residue of the Hereditaments particularly described in the said Form of a Lease contained in the said Schedule, save and except out of the said Indenture of Lease so to be granted, all those Pieces or Parcels of Ground, being Part of the Possessions of the said Dean and Chapter, which by Order of the Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year are to be laid into and to form Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways to be made and set out by Order of the said Commissioners, to hold the said Premises hereby authorized to be demised, with their Appurtenances unto the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods* Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Person or Persons for the time being executing that Office, for the Term of Ninety six Years, to be computed from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, at the yearly Rents of Four hundred and fifteen Pounds sixteen Shillings and Six pence, forty Shillings, and one Pound fourteen Shillings and Eight pence, and under and subject to the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements prescribed by the said Form of a Lease contained in the said Schedule, and upon Tender by the said Dean and Chapter of a Lease pursuant ti* the said Form and duly executed by them under their Common Seal unto the last mentioned Commissioners, or the Person or Persons for the time being executing the said Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for'50 Geo. III. E e them.

Dctn ami ( hap*

ter of Well minder may demise to Commissionera of Woods, &c. Premisea authorized by 48 G. 3.

46 0.; ). c. h9, as defi ribed in the Schedule, and Pieces of Ground which nre Part of the old reefs, Kc. lor the Term of 9*i Yetr*, at the yearly Rtuu herein mentioned.

310.

f>)irjmiffior.er* of Wools to be a Corporation, 10 accept Lease and cxecotf Counterpart. May use a C'om-moit Seal, &c.

Treasury mnj, l»y Warrants, cause I)cl>eti-tnres to be made forth for paying; Dean and Lluipter 4 l <?1. 1 is.'id. yearly, Stc.

Wartints valid.

No Feet taken.

Acquittances of Dean and Chapter fuffkieiu Distbexgca,

C. 119.

50° GEORGII III.

A.P; i8'iok

them, and they are hereby directed and required to accept and take, such I>eafer, a^d to execute, a Counterpart thereof, and to deliver such Counterpart so executed unto the said Deap and Chapter or their Supcetfors.

II. And be it further enacted, That thelast mentioned Commissioners for the time being shall be and they are hereby constituud a.Qorpoiation, by the Name of "The Commiflippers of His Majesty's Woods, TWfts. " and Land Revenues, " in order to enable them to accept and take, in a Corpqrate Capacity by the Name, aforesaid, the Lease hereinbefore authorized to be granted, and to execute a Counterpart thereof, and for other, the Pnrpofee of this Act, and by that Nam©, for the Purposes of this, Act, they the said, last mentioned Commissioners shall and may have and use. a Common Seal, apd shall and ipay foe and be sued, implead and be impleaded; but nothing in this Act or in such Lfcafe contained shall extend to charge the Person or Persons of, him or them, or of nis or their Heir8» Executors or Administrators, or his, their on any of their own proper. Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Payment of all or any of the Rents or the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Lease to be contained; but all. and every such Action and Aftjqns, Suit and Spits to be brought or prosecuted by the said Dean and Chapter, fe»r or in respect of the fame Rents, Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, or any of them, shall be brought* qr prosecuted against the said last mentioned Commissioners and tueir Successors for the time being, executing, the said Office in their Corporate Capacity.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for, the time being, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer now and for the, time being, or any Three or mqre of them, apd the Chancellor and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the> time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his or their Hand, or Hands to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth, and pass Debentures from time to time for paying unto the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors, or, their Attorney lawfully constituted under their Common Seal, the said yearly Rents or Sums of Four hundred, and fifteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six pence, Forty Shillings and One Pound Fourteen Shillings and, Eight pence, making together the Sum of Four hundred and nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two pence clear of all Deductions except the Property Tax, payable by Landlords at the same shall from time to time become due and payable, and also for paying from time to time unto the said Dean and Chapter and their Successors the Amounts of all such Damages and Costs as they shall recover in any Court of Law or Equity* against the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and their Successors in any Action or Suit to be brought or prosecuted by the said Dean and Chapter or their Successors, for recovering the said^ Rents reserved by tbf laid Indenture of Lease hereinbefore authorized to be granted, or for or upon, or in respect of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Indenture contained, which said Warrant*, and, the Debentures to be, made forth and passed thereupon, shall, from time to time, be a, sufficient Authority to the, several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment, of the said yearly Rents, clear of all Deductions, except as aforesaid, and for Payment of the Amount of such. Damages and Cods which shall be so recovered as aforesaid, without any further or other Warrant to be sued, fur, had or obtained in that behalf, which said Sum of Four hundred and nineteen Pounds Eleven Shillings, and Two pence, together with all such Damages and Costs a* shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be charged and chargeable upon the Fund commonly called the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That after signfcg of the said Warrants from time to time the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and mall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve) or any of Hib Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or the Lord High Treasurer or Under Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power or Office or Offices of them or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Comnaiffioqers of the Treasury now and for the time being, and the Lord High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being. Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlain, and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said. Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, or of their Attorney lawfully constituted, under their Common Seal* for the several Sums hereby directed to be paid to them or their Attorney, shall be good and sufficient Discharges for the Payment of such several Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf} and that the said Suras and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other publick Charges whatsoever (except a9 before excepted); and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said yearly Rents or Sums, or other Sums or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, or thetr Attorney lawfully constituted to receive the same, then the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, may from time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, or their respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall or may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, or their respective Heirs, Executors or Ad*ni»iftrata* for the Amount of

A.D. 188*o. 50° GEORGII IH. C. 2: i*

of so much of such respective yearly Rents or Sums, or for the Amount of so much of such other Sums, for the Payment of which a Warrant is hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, as shall be then due and owing to the said Dean and Chapter, or their Successors, and as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demand shall have been legally made of the Payment of the fame yearly Rents or Sums, or of such other Sums as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively, for enabling the Person or Persons entitled to the fame Rents or Sums to receive the same accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all those the aforesaid Pieces or Parcels of Ground hereinbefore Premise* Part of mentioned to be Part of the old Streets, Lanes or Ways, and which by Order of the Commissioners of the old Sirens, &c. aforesaid Acts is no longer to be used as such, but is to be taken into the new Plan of Building authorized by pj

the said Acts, together with the Areas, Vaults and Appurtenances belonging to the fame, or forming Part Dctuaud Chip, thereof, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act (but subject to the Direction hereinbefore con- ^r# tained for leafing the fame, together with other Hereditaments, in the mean time, and until the said Lease

thereof hereby directed to be made shall be made, and from and after the making of such Lease then subject thereto) be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby (but subject as aforesaid) veiled in and settled upon the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, for ever; and the same shall be holden by them for ever as, and shall constitute Part of their Possessions in right of their said Collegiate Church, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That (notwithstanding any Thing in the said Act of the Forty sixth Prem; fi«domifed Ycfer aforesaid contained to the contrary) all the aforesaid Pieces or Parcels of Ground which shall be demised

to the said lad mentioned Commissioners and their Successors by virtue of this Act, shall, after the fame^-

ffiali have been so demited, be employed for the Purposes of the aforesaid Act, subject to the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arisen from the Sale of the Materials Application of of the HoulVs and Buildings lately Handing on the Ground hereby authorized to be demised by the said Deao

and Chapter as aforesaid, and which have been pulled down by the Direction of the Commissioners of the said M^riaU.°

Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid as hereinbefore mentioned, and which Monies have been received by the fame Commissioners, or some of them, shall be applied and accounted for in the manner directed. by the said last mentioned Act, concerning the Money arising from Sale of the Materials of the Houses and Buildings to be taken down in pursuance thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said Hereditaments hereby authorized to be demised by the Lease* ef Pns-said Dean and Chapter to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, mise* by (om-for the Term of Ninety six Years, shall he so demised as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners nuflionm, wiih under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners for executing the^urY* said Office of Lord High Treasurei for the time being, or any Three or more of them, tedified in Writing under his or their Hands, to contract and agree by Writing under the Hands and Seals of them the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, for the granting of any Underlease or Underlets of all or any Part or Parts of the fame Hereditaments to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Ninety five Years, and Three Quarters of a Year, computed from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Woods, Foreds and Laud Revenues, and their Succ* (Tors, and they are hereby directed and required, at the Requell of the said Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, tedified in Writing Under their Hands, and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds under the Common Seal of the said Commissioners of Woods, Foreds and Land Revenue, and their StfCCcfTbrs, and to be inrolled in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to gram, p irfuant to or not pursuant to any such Contract or Agreement, any Underlcafe or Underlcafes of all or.-v Salt ov Parts of the fame Hereditaments, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number Term!, of Years not exceeding the said Term of Ninety five Years, and Three Quarters of a Year, to be computed .: i aforesaid; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty sixth aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, with such Consent and Approbation as lad*>-( : d, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree by Writing, under their Cuutnflf.

Handi and Seals, for the granting of any I^ease or Leases, for any Term or Terms of Years, of all or any Part or Part> of the Grounds which have been or shall be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Acts therein referred to, or in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

; drr the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned, 46 G. 3. c. fit. with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, by any Deed or Deeds to be sealed and delivered by them,

-nd to be carolled in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to grant pursuant to or not pursuant to am such Contract or Agreement as lad mentioned, any Lease or Leases of all or any Part or '

Parts of the fame Hereditaments for any Term or Number of Years, and that every Umierleafe which shall he contracted for by the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as therein mentioned or granted by the said Commissioners of Woods, Foreds and Land Revenue, and every original Lease th3t shall be contracted For or granted by the fame Commissioners, or any such Three of as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be contracted for or granted at such yearly Rent or Rents, and under and subject to such Covenants for building, and such other Covenants, Cort-

£e a unions.

2(2

46 G.6.C.S9*

Rntt* to he paid as 1 reasury Audi appoint.

CommiflBoneti not aafwtmblc for Performance of Couira£ls.

Hanva^g, &c. paid by Trcsfury.

PftmMes excepted out of Le-.ife granted ta C'ommifliouers of Woods, and which are to form ihe new Strteis, vested in Committee Men of St. Margaret by 11 G.3. a. 02.

C. 119. 50° GEORG 11 HI. A.D. 1810.

ditions, Restrictions and Agreements as the said Commissioners, under the said Act of the Forty sixth Yeax aforesaid, or such Three of them as therein mentioned, and the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissionq-s for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall approve.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the annual Rents and Profits arising from any Grounds which shall be leased or contrafted to be leased by the Commissionera of Woods, Forcfls and Land Revenues, and their Successors, or by the Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act or of the said recited Acts, or from any Houses or Buildings which shall be erected and built thereon, shall from time to time be received by any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, and shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the said Contrafts or Leases hereby authorized to be entered into or made by the said Commissioners of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, contained or to be contained, shall extend to charge the Persons or Person of all or any of the Commissioners executing all or any of the fame Contrafts or Leases, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of the fame Commissioners, or any of them, or their or any of their own proper Lands and Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements in the fame Contrafts or Leases, or any of them, contained, on the Part of the fame Commissioners, or any of them; but the Amount of all Cpfts, Charges, Damages and Expences which shall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits of Law or Equity against them the said Commit-fioneis, or any of them, or against their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for or by reason or means of such last mentioned Contrafts or Leases, or the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, and also all other Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences which they the fame Comissioners respectively shall bear, pay, expend or be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them respectively for or by reason or means of any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought or prosecuted by or against them respectively, or against their respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators, upon or by reason of the fame Contrafts and Leases, or any of them, or the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, or for or by reason or means of their Execution by them the fame Commissioners respectively, of the Powers and Authorities to them given by the several Acts aforesaid, or the Acts therein recited, or this Act, and also all the Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences (over and beyond those hereinbefore provided for) which the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and their Successors, or the Persons for the time being exercising that Office, shall bear, pay, expend or be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them for or by reason or means of the Lease hereinbefore directed to be accepted, and the Underleases hereinbefore directed to be made by him and them, or for or by reason or means of any of the Covenants, Conditions or Agreements therein contained, or any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits to be brought or prosecuted by or against him, them or any of them thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer by such Person or Persons and in such and the same manner as the yearly Rents to be reserved upon the said Lease hereby authorized to be made by the said Dean and Chapter are hereinbefore directed to be paid; and all Officers of His Majesty's rreasury and Exchequer, and all other Persons hereinbefore authorized and directed to do and perform the Acts necessary for authorizing the Payment and for Payment of the said Rents at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, are hereby authorized and required to do the like Acts for authorizing the Payment and for the Payment of the fame Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences at the said Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; but before any Warrant for making a Debenture for Payment of any such Costs, Charges or Expences as last mentioned shall be made or iffiieJ, the Particulars of the Costs, Charges and Expences for the Payment whereof such Warrant and Debenture shall be necessary, shall, from time to time, be examined, and the Amount thereof settled and allowed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three of them, and shall be so certified by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all those the aforesaid Pieces or Parcels of Ground, being Part of the Possessions of the aforesaid Dean and Chapter, and which are to be excepted out of the aforesaid Lease so to be granted to the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, and their Successors as aforesaid; and which, by Order of the Commissioners of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, are to be laid into, and to form Part of the new Streets, Lanes and Ways to be made and set out by Order of the fame Commissioners shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be diverted out of the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, and be vested in the Committee Men appointed for the said Parish of Saint Margaret, under an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more cjjfcdual federal A3s made relating to paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, to hold to such last mentioned Committee Men and their Successors, for the Use of the Publick, and for the Purposes of the said last mentioned Act, and the several Acts therein referred to; and they the fame Committee Men and their Successors are hereby authorized and required and directed to accept and take the said last mentioned Pieces or Parcels of Ground under their Jurisdiction as Committee Men under the said Act of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and to use and eiercife over the fame, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Buildings and Tenements adjoining and near thereto, all such Powers, Authorities and Remedies as they the

lame

A.D. 1810. 50" GEORGII III. C. 119.13

lame Committee Men are by the said Act of the Eleventh Year aforesaid, and the several Acts therein mentioned, authorized to use and exercise over the old Streets, Lanes and Ways now within the Jurisdiction of the fame Committee Men under the fame Acts, and over the Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Build* inffs and Tenements situate in the said old Streets, Lanes and Ways. '

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at any time or times Commission

hereafter for the Commissioners for executing, the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, with the under 46 G. 3. Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of tJretit 'Britain* or the Commissioners for executing the said Office of 89 may re-

Lord High, Treasurer for the time being, ^or any Three of them, to resume and take Possession of the ^uioiicdPre-

said hereinbefore excepted Pieces or Parents'of Ground, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes of building mifea^and build thereupon, or laying out the fame in Streets or other Improvements: Provided nevertheless, that in case the therron, &c. fame or any Part thereof shall be built upon by their Authority, then, and in such case, so much of the same to veil in Dean excepted Pieces or Parcels of Ground as mail be so resumed or taken and built upon, shall thenceforth again* Chapter, absolutely vest in the said Dean and Chapter, and shall be deemed to have been included in and demised by the Lease hereby authorized to be made, and shall and may be employed or disposed during the Residue then to come of the Term to be granted by the said Lease for the Purposes of the said Act of the Forty sixth

Year aforesaid, in such and the same manner as if the fame had not been excepted out of the Demise in-

tended to be made by said Lease.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Dean and Chapter, and Dean tnd Chap-ttbey are hereby authorized and empowered to grant to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, t*r may pant t*>

ForelU and Land Revenues, a Lease of all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground, with the Two Mef.*

fudges ^hereon situate, and being on the South Side of Great George Street one of which Messuages was^pre_

lately used as the Adjutant General's Office, and the other of which Messuages was occupied by Richard mire* herein /Vrwm Esquire, which said Piece or Parcel of Ground is in the Plan or Ground Plot annexed ta the described.

Form of the Lease written or contained in the Schedule to this Act marked or distinguishes by a Green

Colour, for a like Term of Ninety six Years from the said Twenty fifth Day of March lait, upon such Fine,

and at such Rent as shall hereafter be agreed upon by and between the said Dean and Chapter, and the fame Commissioners under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, which said lad mentioned Lease

shall in all other respects be in the fame Form as the Law written or contained in the Schedule to this Act,

and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things hereinbefore

enacted with respect to making the Lease written or contained in the said Schedule, and for the Issue and

Recovery of the Rent, and Damages for underletting the said Premises and for building thereon, or other-

wife disposing thereof; and all other Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters and Things whatsoever,

hereinbefore enacted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed in relation to the Lease by this Enactment '

authorized to be granted, and the Ground and Premises to be thereby demised as fully and effectually to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the fame or the like Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties,

Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted with respect to such laR mentioned Lease, Ground and Premises.

[The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing A3 refers, contains the Form of the Indenture of Lease authorized to be granted by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster.]

LOCAL

S& GEORGII IH

A.D. 1810.

21*.

47 G. 3. Sett. 2. c. xxxii.

Session* to make f)iden lor Juf* tier* to meet in their cespective Ward*.

c

u

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED}

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N. B — The Continuantecf such of the following Acts at are temporary will be known (where it it mot oxfrtftlp fated) by referring to the following Lift* according to the corresponding Letter in the Title*

(a) For 21 Tear?, life.

[i. e. to the End of the next Seftionj from a Day named in the Act

(b) For 21 Teart9 &c. from the puffing of the Act.

(c) For l f Teartf &c. after the End of the Term under former Ash.

All ASt in thit Lift* not SJlingiushed by the Lettert (q. P.) are Puxlicjc Acts; to each of which it annexed a Clause in the Form following:

And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be u judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded*" (<j. P.) Quali-Publick Act 8, i. e. A 8s to each of which it annexed a Clause in the Form following:

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King*s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, io printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, J a fliers and others*"

Lap, i«

An Act for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Cumberland.

[iath March i8ro. j

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

9 W intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Citadel Walls of the City of Carrifle, and certain9 Grounds adjoining thereto* to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for bisHding Courts of

Justice for the said County* and for other Purposes relating thereto: And whereas the said J nit ices were authorized and empowered by the said Act to erect and build a proper Shire Hall and Court Houses with9suitable Ofices and Accommodations, for the more convenient holding the Ailizes and for other publick Puiyofes for the said County, as should to them the said Justices appear expedient and neerssary; and to pay,

discharge and defray all the Expences, Costs and Charges attending the erecting and building of the fame,

and all incidental Expences in the effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of the said Act,

4 by and out of the publick County Stock or Rates of the said County, subject to inch R -strictions and

Provisoes as are therein contained: And whereas it is found that the said County R ites are un« qual, and the Payment thereof falls upon the Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within the said County, in very unequal Proportions For remedying whereof it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, from time to time, at their General or Quarter-Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to make a fair and equal County Rate for all the Purposes to which the County Stock or Rate is by Law applicable, and for that Purpose to assess and tax respectively and in due Proportion, all and every the Parishes, Township, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and Places within the said County, according to the annual Rent or Value of the Messuages, Lands and Tenements therein, for and towards the fame; but which cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland* or the major Part of them, at any of their General or Quarter*Settions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, and at all or any time or times thereafter, as often as it shall appear to them proper or expedient, to rate and assess all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and other Property rateable to the Poor within the said County, to the full and fair annual Value thereof according to their Judgment, not exceeding Eight Pence in the Pound upon such annual Value in any One Year, and to levy and raise the fame in such manner as the County Rates are now by Law and by this Act herein after directed to be raised and levied, to be applied and disposed of by the said Justices in the same manner and for the fame Purposes as they now are authorized and empowered by Law to dispose of and apply the County Stock or Rate; and for the better enabling the said Justices to make such fair and equal Rate, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, or the major Rartof tkem*. at their General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden next after the passing of this Act,

is«

A.D. t8ro;

50" GEOHIGII III. i. 213

orotfiny Avljdurnroirrtf<thH*<lfv ancPaftferward* from trrp&itf'tbh# and-atH m*a#y tinte'drtlmes hsreaftfer at

any General or Quarttf-Sefflo«3 of tile Peace, or at'any-Adjournment of the*famerespectively, and as often as they shall thinlrexpodient, and they are hereby authorized'a«d<empowered from time' to time to make an Order or Ordwm for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Cumberland, to meet from time to

time within the several'Wards* and Divihoo* of the said County for which they respectivelyatt; and any Two Jufliers to iffus

or more Justices afftmbWdatanyTbch Meeting, shall from timrto time*iffaetheir Precepts under their respective Pr< cpptt f .r

Htwdoaod Seals to ail and every the Overseers of the Poor as welbwkhin the Cities, Boroughs or Franchises Overftrn to

as otherwise* witlun such their respectiv* Wards or Drvisions, thereby commanding them to attend at a Dry JVcc\*irvi1C, r» d

and Place or Dire and Places, to be named and appointed for that Pittrpose by such Precepts, and before the tn poor

then next General or Qbaiter-Sefifons to be holdan in and for the said County of Cumberland, and to return and Rates verified

produce to the Justiceaor Just ice then and there Drefent the several Rates and Assessments made for the Relief on Oath.

of the Poor wit..in the several Parishes, Township, liberties, Precincts, Hamkts, Villages and Places in the said County of Cumberland, fer which such Overseers respectively act and are appointed, together with the

Names of the several Persons and Parties charged with such 'Rates, and the Sum and Sums of Mdifey rated or

charged on such several Persons or Parties respectively; and every such Rale so returned shall be ftgrttd wirh

the Name or Names of the Overseer or Overseers so making such Rate, and shall he verified upon Oath before

such Justices or Justice at the time of delivering in the fame by the Person or Persons so <! liv; ring them:

Provided ahtwrsy that the said .Indices shall not, by virtue of any of the Powers by this Act given, rat<' or aflefa an) Moors or Waste Grounds until Six Wars after the same shall have been allotted, divided or inclosed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Overseer of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Town- QreHVerB ships. Liberties, Precin&B, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the said County, shall neglect or make Default liestefirogW' in making any such Returns in manner aforesaid, then, and in every such case, each and every such Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without sufficient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices so assembled) shall forfeit and pny such Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the fame Justices so ash-mbled as aforesaid, by way of Penalty for such Neglect or Penalty Default; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices so assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Wa-rant to the High or Petty Constable of the Ward or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place shall be situate, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High or Petty Constable is a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His lite Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for the*mure tafy ttffcjfng, culiedtitg and levying of County Rates, veiled with ior levying on the Overseers 12 G. 2i c. 27. of the Poor the Sum affefiedfor the County Rates.

III. And be it further enacted, That, in order the better to enable the said Justices of the Peace to form a Justice* or Clfrk correct Judgment of the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estatea as aforesaid, the said Justices of of the Peace to the Peace for the said County, or any Three or more of them, or the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for

acting under their Authority, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, ^ifottneut*

from time to time as they or he may think necessary or expedient, to cause any of the Books of the Assessment of the Property or Income Tax, so far as the same relate or refer to or in any wise concern the Statement of Property to be set forth and stated in the Schedule (A: ) contained in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the frefent IVar, and 46G.3.o.6i» until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades antP Offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Maytffy, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Tear of H'u present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to eonfolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for cotlefting the said Duties; and the Rental or Valuation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned and described*. within any Parish or Place within the said County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of or Extracts from such Books or Assessments, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, he, or any of them, shall think fit (such Compensation being made to the Party or Parties producing the lame respectively as the said*

Justices, or any Three or more of Uiem, shall think reasonable); and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books or Assessments shall be, shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Justices of the said Clerk of the Peace with such Book or Books, Assessment or AsseiTments, or to permit them, him or any of them, to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Penalty.

Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders,

Person or Persons so making Default, together with the Chargee of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties respectively on whose Goods and Chattels such Distress and Sale shall be so made as aforesaid, and the same Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received, shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the said'

County to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Justice or Justices so acting as aforesaid within their Just* to cct* respective Wards or Divisions, shall be of Opinion that such Rates and Assessments, or any of them so made «'»fy Amount of and returned, upon Examination thereof, are the fair and just annual Value of the rateable Property mentioned to.

therein, and arc in other respects fair and equal, then the said Justice or Justices are and is hereby required^authoITxed

fromak« iRt*.

A.D. 1810.

Rates, when col-le&ed to he paid to Treasurer.

Equal Rates to be ufTefirtl on the* ief|»f(ftive Earilhes, &c.

Two Thirds of Rate to be borne by Landlord, and One Third by die Tenant.

Rates levied by Dittrcfi.

C. i. 50- GEORGII III.

from time to time to certify under their or his Hands or Hand the gross Amount of the respective Sums on which the said Rates are made and assessed in each Division or Ward in the said County of Cumberland, for which such Justices or Justice respectively act or acts, to the then next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for the same County, to the Intent that at such General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace or at some Adjournment thereof, or at some subsequent General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof respectively, the Justices assembled at any such General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof, may from time to time, and as often as they shall deem it necessary, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make a Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, in and throughout the said County of Cumberland\ rated or liable to be rated to the Poors rates or Property Tax in the said County of Cumberland, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Two Pence in the Pound of the several full and fair annual Values of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and so from time to time, at any future General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to coutinue such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or to reduce, alter or vary the same as the said Justices at their said. Sessions shall think necessary and proper, and to raise them again to any Sum not exceeding the said Rate of Eight Pence in the Pound in any One Year; and for the Purpose of levying and raising such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment* it shall and may be lawful for them the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order Warrants to be from time to time issued in the same manner as now practised and authorized by Law for collecting the County Rates, to the several High Constables within the same County of Cumberland, ordering and requiring them to issue their Warrants to the respective Overseers of the Poor within their respective Divisions, to levy and collect and pay to the High Constables within a time to be named and limited in the Warrants to be issued from the ftessions as aforesaid, all such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which each High Constable shall and he is hereby directed and required to pay at such time as shall be specified in such Warrant before the then next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, to the Treasurer for the time being of the said County of Cumberland, to be applied and disposed of in such manner and for such Purposes as the County Stock or Rate is now by Law applicable; and in case any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets or Places within the said County liable to pay the famer shall neglect, make Default, or refuse to pay the same within the time to be specified and limited for that Purpose as aforesaid to the High Constable of the Ward or Division within which such Overseer or Overseers so liable and neglecting to pay as aforesaid shall reside, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such High Constable by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, not only in the said County of Cumberland, but in any other County, City, Town, Borough, Franchise or Place, (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the fame being in such last mentioned Case tirft indorsed by some Justice of the Peace for the County, or Mayor or other Head Officer of the City, Town, Borough or Franchise where any Goods of the respective Defaulters shall be found) returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate or Rates and the Charges of Distress and Sale shall be paid, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods so distrained and fold; and the Overseers and Overseer of any Parish, Township or Place maintaining iu own Poor within the said County, shall and may and i6 and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raise by an equal Rate or Assessment upon all and every the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments rateable to the Relief of the Poor within their respective Parishes, Townships or Places, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be required and necessary in order to raise the several Sums assessed or imposed upon such Parishes, Townships or Places respectively, or to rc-imburse such Overseers or Overseer such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall respectively have paid on account of the fame, such Rate or Assessment to be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the time being of such Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively: Provided always, That every Tenant or Occupier paying such Rate as aforesaid, may dedu&and retain out of the Rent payable to his Landlord for the Premises in reipedf of which such Rate is payable, the full Amount of Two third Parts of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so paid, it being the Intent and Meaning of this Act that Two Thirds of such Rate shall be borne by the Landlord, and the remaining One Third only by the Tenant or Occupier, and every Landlord and Owner of such Messuages, Mills, Land*, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments shall and are hereby required to allow and make such respective Deductions and Payments accordingly; and every such Tenant or Occupier paying such Part of the said Rates or Assessments as are hereinbefore directed to be borne by the Landlord, or on whom the same shall have been levied, shall be and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much Money as the same shall amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been actually paid unto such Landlord or Landlords in Part of the Rent due from such Tenant.

V. And be it further enacted, That if apy Person or Persons shall, after Demand made or Notice thereof in Writing, left at his last usual Place of Abode, refuse or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money rated or assessed upon him, her or them, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments occupied by him, her or them as aforesaid for the Space of Ten Days, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Overseer or Overseers, by Warrant under liis Hand and Seal to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter's Goods, not only in the said County of Cumberland, but in any other County (the Warrant or Warrants for levying the fame in such last mentioned Case being lirft indorsed by some Justice of the Peace for the County where any Goods and Chattels of the reipcCtive Person or Persons shall be found), returning the Overplus (if any) after such Rate'and the Charges of the Distress and Sale shall be paid, to the Owuer or Owners of the Goods so difLair.tG and fold.

6 VI. Provided

Got [e

A.D. 1810.

5°'

0 GEORGII III.

Cu

217

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases and Places within the said County of Cumberland where there are no Overseers of the Poor, or where the Justices of the said County assembled for the Purpose of receiving such Returns from the said Overseers of the Rates and Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor within the several Parishes, Township, Villages, Hamlets, Precincts and Places as aforesaid, shall be of Opinion that the Rates or Assessments produced to them at their respective Meetings are not fairmndcqual Rates and Assessments, or according to the full and fair annual Value of the rateable Property, it shall*nd may be lawful to and for the said Justices of the Peace for the said County assembled at such their respective Meetings, and they are hereby authorized and required, to summon before them any Two or more of the substantial Inhabitants of such Places respectively for which there are no Overseers of the Poor, or where iny of the Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates arc not assessed, or in the Opinion of them the said Justices are not equally assessed and rated, or ate not rated and assessed to the full or fair Value; or any other Person or Persons whom they the said Justices may think necessary and proper to give Evidence as to the fair annual Value of such Messuages, Tenements or Hereditaments, and then and there examine such Inhabitants or other Person or Persons respectively on Oath (which Oath any One or more of them the said Justices are hereby authorized to administer) as to the annual Values of such the respective Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tythes, Tenements and Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates, and thereupon to ascertain the Sums on which the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made in pursuance of this Act, ought to be levied and collected.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if in the said County of Cumberland there be any extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places in which there are no Poor's Rate or Overseers of the Poor or other Officer necessary fur the executing of the Provisions of this Act, and in which there are any Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments liable to the Poor's Rates, but not rated or assessed thereto, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace of the said County resident in or acting for the Division of the said County in which such extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places are situate, at any Petty Sessions to be holden by them within such Division as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint One or more proper Person or Persons in the Nature of and to act as Overseer or Overseers or other such Officer as aforesaid, who is and are hereby required, authorized and empowered to act within and for such extra-parochial, peculiar or other Places respectively, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and such Person and Persons respectively shall have the like Powers vested in him or them for effecting all such Purposes as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if he or they had been appointed Overseer or Overseers of the Poor or other Officer under any of the existing Statute Laws.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place in the said County, shall at any time or times have reason to believe that such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place is over-rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Overseer or Overseers of the Poor to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their next General or Quarter-Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, against such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village or Place in which such Overseer or Overseers shall serve such Offices respectively; and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give such Appellant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just and equitable: Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal no such Rate shall be quashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet or Place, or Person or Persons aflelled thereby, any thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided also, that if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby givert, then, and in every such Case, on giving Fourteen Days Notice to such Overseer or Overseers, he, she or they aay appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next General or Quarter-Sessions to be holden next after every such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen 5 and the Justices at such General or Quarter-Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall and are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give to all such Appellants such^Relief as in their Discretion shall seem fair and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law as between Parish and Parish. or between any Person or Persons and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person or Persons respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts, relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions as the said Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter-Sessions shall award and order, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

; X. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Pro-Visions and Authorities contained in the said recited Acts m^de in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Otaejf the Second, and in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and so much of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue several

-Jt therein mentioned, for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes; fur repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works ere Bed by Authority of Parliament for making Rivefs navigable; for preventing ExaBions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames West-ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; for preventing frivolous and

50 Geo. III. F f vexatious

Power for Justices where no Overseer*.

Collectnra appointed for extra-parochial Place*.

Appeal.

Rate appealed against, not ro be quaftied in resp»*<ft of other Parishes, &c.

Appeal.

Expences of Appeals to b« borne by the Parties.

Extending Powers of former Acts to this.

ia G. 2. c. it.

a 18 i.

Expence of Act to be paid out of the Rates.

Power for Juf-tircs to borrow Money.

Form of Alliguruent.

ttwmof

Vauufer.

Mortgagees to

be Craiifors in equal Degree, and to be paid off in Fourteen

50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

vexatious Arr Jls; and for the letter f'curing the lawful Trade of His Majrflfs Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all His Majestfs Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commifons / and for limitng the Time for suing forth Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and Manner for applying for the fame; for the better and more speedy Execution of ProceJ} within particular Franchises or Liberties, and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themfelws, as relates to County Rates save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied or altered), shall be good, vdid and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the several Powers and Purposes thereof into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the said County of Cumberland by, from and out of the Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, at any General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof assembled, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think tit for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, upon the Credit of the R^tes aviling by virtue of this Act, from the Whole of the said County, or from any Ward or Division thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals or the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them present at such General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to assign over the said Rates (the Charges of such Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of the said Rates) to any Person or Persons as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums respectively which shall be borrowed, with the Interest thereof; which Assignment shall be in the Words or to the EfFeft following 5 that is to say,

1 RY v*rtuc an Act of Parliament made in the fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third* 1 intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act-] we of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace m and for the County of Cumberland, present at the General Quarter*Sessions of the Peace holden at in and for the said County, on the Day of in consideration of the Sum of

f to the Treasurer of the said County ip hand paid by do hereby grant, bargain*

(ell and demifc unto the said Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the Rates

arising by virtue of the said Act from the said County [or, from the Ward or Division of

in the said County] to be had and holden from the Day of until the

f said Sum of with lawful Interest for the same shall be repaid and satisfied. Given*

under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time to time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security in the Presence of One credible Witness; which Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

c T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all Principal and Interest now due thereon, unto

A Executors, Administratprs and Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal this Day of

All which Transfers shall be produced and certified to the said Clerk of the Peace within One Calendar Month after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates and Names of the Parties and Sums of Money specified therein in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more 5 and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee shall and may in like manner assign and transfer again, and so toties quo ties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Assignment or Transfer, afterwards to malce void, release or discharge the fame Security, or any Money thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned Creditors on such Rate6 in equal Degree one with ^another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made shall be, in prpportion to the Sum or Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on the said Rates and Assessments so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Mortgages in respect to the Payment of the Interest thereof; and that the Principal thereof shall be paid in such Course and Order, according to Dates, Numbers or Advances, as the said Justices, or any Three of them, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint, but so that the whole Money to be secured upon the Credit of such Rates and Assessments shall or may be discharged within Fourteen Years from the time of passing this Act.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

c. i — v.

31.9

Notice of paylttf cff Securitk*.

Interest paii Half-yotrljr/

Power for Jtff-

tice« to make A1 Iowa rue for Couilable*.

Tender of Amend*.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said County do and shall give Notice by Advertisement in the Carltjle Chronicle, or feme other Publick Newspaper usually circulated within the said County, of the Intention of the said Justicts to pay off the Principal of all or any of the said Securities, speeifying the time when and what Securities arc intended to be paid off, at lealt Three Calendar Months before the time of such intended Payment, and that from the time specified in such Notice all Intereil upon such Securities respectively shall cease and be it an Endj and the Principal thereof, together with the Interest due up to that Period, shall be placed in the Hands of the said County Treasurer, to be paid to the Owner or Owners of such respective Securities whenever the same shall be demanded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the luterest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, from the time the respective Principal Monies so to be lent or paid shall have been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberlandin their General or Quarter-Sessions from time to time assembled, to order such Allowances and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons from, by and out of the Monies to be collected and received under the Provisions of this Act, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable, just and proper.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode One Calendar Month before such Action shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* Attorney, speeifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover io such Action if Tender of fumcient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender mail nave been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay iqto Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suk shall be brought, commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fa& committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Cumberland, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her or their Election this Act specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then, and in every of the said Cases, the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Actions or Suits, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the lame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant Or Defendants ftaM recover Treble Costs, and shall have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

AIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Albion Street in the Town of Cheltenham (n the County of Glo*eeJ}$ry to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Bishop's Cleve, in the said County, to join the Turnpike Hoad leading from the Tow* of Eve/bam in the County of Worcester, to the said 'town of Cheltenham. (b)

£l2th March 1810.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Sbotlcy Bridge, in the County of Durham. («) [12th March 18 jo.J

Cap. if.

An Act for trecting a Judiciary and County Hall and other Offtce* for the County of Roxburgh.

[12th March |8io.}

Cap. v.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for better lighting and aaG.i.e.i* cleaning the Open Places, Streets, Squares and other Passages within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton polgate otherwise Norton FoUev, in the County of Middltfcxy which is Extra-parochial, ana regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles therein; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof* and fos other Purposes relating thereto. filth JiAarcJr I0i6.]

Ffa Cap.

Limitation of Action*.

Geatnl Iffut,

&c.

[Publick Act.]

Treble Ceft*.

7 G. 3. «. S3. 39 G. 3. c. 97.

38 G. 3. C. 96.

14 G. a. c. as.

6 G. 3. c. 63.

31 G. 3. c. 106. 35 G. 3. c. 158.

80G.3.(I.)c. 39. 37 G.3-(I.)c. 56* 48 G. 3. c.cvi.

S C. 3. c. 53..39 G. 3. C. 101.

29 G. 3. C. 107. 35 G. 3. c. 144.

10 G. 3. C. 109. 20 G. 3. C. 94.

29 0. 3. c. 66. 33 G. 3. C. 179

34 G. 3. C. 131.

as Gu 3. C. 16.

C.vi — xvii. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shaddon Gate near Carlisle to Mulajide, and to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbecky in the County of Cumberland. (b) [12th March 1810.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Catterlck Bridge in the County of York, through the Towu9 of Yarm, Stockton and Sedgefield, to the City of Durham in the County of Durham, and for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty for repairing the said Road* (a) [12th March 1810.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Doncaster through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross in the County of York.

[12th March 1810.] [Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Half additional Toll on Sundays."}

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Chieveley, in the Manor and Parish of Chievelcy, in the County of Berks. (q. P.) [21st March 1810.]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. §20 — 28*

Cap. x.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda. (r)

[21st March 1810.]

Cap. xi.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from Buckland Dinham to Radford Bridge, and from Midfomer Norton to Norton Saint Phillip, and from Kilmerfdon to Radjloci in the County of Somerset. (b) [21st March 1810.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing the Term and amending Two Acts passed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate to the Didrift of Road from Bury to Hajlingdtn, and from thence to Blackburn and Whalley9 all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a Branch of Road from Portsield to the West End of the Town of Padiham, in the same County, (b) [21st March 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday.}

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louthy in the County of Lincoln.

[21st March 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted Double Tolls on Sunday.}

v Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing, altering and improving the Road from Titchfield to CoJham, in the County of Southampton, (a) [21st March 1810.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty ninth and Thirty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wakefield to Abberford in the County of York. (b) [21st March 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.}

An Act present Majesty

Cap. xvi.

for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His Majesty, for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling, (b)

[21st March 1810.]

[Appointment of Trustees repealed. Tolls repealed as therein mentioned, and others granted. Pontage Duties repealed, ana new Duties granted.}

Cap. xvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Whitejheet Hill, to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford in the County of

Wilts* (0 [s1st March 1810.]

[Additional Tmjleee % Former TolU repealed^ and new Tolls granted}

Cap.

A.D. 1810.

221

50° GEORGII III.

C. Xviii — xxxi.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Eynsford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Shoreham9 in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Sevenoaks to Bromley, in the said County.

IziH March 1810.]

Cap. xix*

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; and regulating the Poor thereof.

[24th March 1810.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to alter and amend Two Act?, passed in the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty and the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining the Publick Conduits and other Water Works belonging to the Town of Southampton.

[24th March 1810.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester$ in the County of Dorset. (0

' [6th April 18yo*3

Cap. xxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lower Saint Cross Mill Lane % (on the Road from the City of Winchester to the Town of Southampton) to Park Gaief on the Road from Southampton to Goftorty in the County of Southampton. (a) [6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Town of Great Tarmouth, in the County of Nor/olk9 and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for making other Improvements in the said Town.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the Whitchurch Line of the said Canal from Sherry man's Bridge to Cqflle Welly in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and for amending the Several Acts for making the said Canal.

[6th April iSio.j

Cap. xxv.

An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Bishop Wearmouth and Bishop Wearmouth Pannsy for cleansing, paving and regulating the Footpaths, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Dover, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and cleansing the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham; for removing the Market 5 for building a Town Hall or Market House; and for otherwise improving the said Town j and for establishing a Watch on the River Wear.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to revive and continue*the Term and Powers of an Act passed for empowering the Commisstdners for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for constructing a Pier or Harbour at or near the Town of Kincardine, in the County of Perth.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for regulating the New Market Place in the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for embanking, draining and preferring certain Low Grounds in the Parish of Laneham, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Nottingham.

[6th April 1810.]

Cap.

20 G. 3. c. 15. 43 G. 3. e. uuui.

9 G. 3. c. 47. 30 G. 3. c. 95.

7 G. 1. Stat. I.

c. 11. in part repealed §38.

33 G. 3. c. 91. 36G. 3. C. 71.90.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. Ixx.

42 G. 3. c. x % . 44 G. 3. c. liv.

18 G. 3. c. 76.

[7 Years, ftfc.J S G.S. c. 13.]

9G. 3. C. 1S4 .pr.

222

C. xxxii — xliil

A.D. 181: 0

47 G.I. Sett. 1. e. joouv.

J0 G. 3. c. 109.

14 G. 9. c. 81. G. 3. c. 71. 39 G. 3. c. 98.

7 G. 3. c. 104. 48 G. 3. c. 94.

18 G.I. c. 39. 11 G. 3. c. 99. 36 ct. 3. c. 137* 43 G. 8. c. U. appealed.

13 G. 3. -c. 34.

pfnUd.

40 G.i. c. 55.fr.

8«e98G.l.e.l7

iG. 3. c. 70.

4 G. 3.e. 74. 43 G. 3. C. 35.

50 GEORGII III.

Cap.

xxxii.

An Act to alter and explain an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, to enable the Provident Institution to sue in the Name of their Managing Director, and to enrol Annuities.

[6th April 1810 ]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for incorporating and regulating the Clyde Marine Society.

[6th April 1810.]

[.Former Duties to cease, and new Duty granted.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty, and Second and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster in the County of York, to Salter* s Brook in the County of Co(fler. (b) [6th April 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to continue the Term, and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Marchwiel» in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenlury and Hanmcr, in the County of Flint, to a certain House therein mentioned in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester; and from liedhrook to Hampton, inhe County of Salop. (a) [6th April 1810.]

[.Additional Truflcet. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted\ Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Blackburn through Padiham and Burnley to Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for continuing the fame Road through Gla/burn and Silfden to Addingham and Cocking End, in the West Riding of the County of York. (a) [oth April i$io.j]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafi Markham9 in the County of Nottingham. (q.P.)

[6th April 1810.]J

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §21.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to repeal ap Ad made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleenfing the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex, and removing and preventing NufTances and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Market; for building and repairing Groyns to render the Coast safe end commodious; for landing Coal and Culm, and laying a Duty thereon, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for regulating Weights and Measures, and building a Town Hall.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wcnfum, in the City of Norwich^ to the Hamlet of Thorpe> in the County of the said City.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Streets and other PuMick Passages within the Town of PontofraSty in the County of Turk, for better Supplying the said Towo with Water, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty* intituled, An Act for dividing the Park of Poatefrad, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for watching, and more effectually lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Kingjtott upon Hull, and the Liberty of Trippelt and the Lordship or Precind of Myton, in the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town 5 and for preventing NuiSances* therein; and also for preventing Frauds and Im-pofttioas in the Quality* Meafuse and Carnage of Coals fold in the Skid Town and the Neighbourhood thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlih

An Act for better paving, lighting cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Loweffqft, in the County of Suffolk.

[18th April iBio.J

Cap. xliii.

An Act for providing an Additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex* [18th April 1810.]

Cap.

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. xliv — li. 223

Cap. thv.

An Act for further enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for better assessing and cellefting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, -» the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Sut rey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for improving the Upper End of the Barrier Banks on the North Side of the tVafh of the Hundred Feet River, in the JJlc of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for improving the Lower End of the Barrier Bank, between Salter's Lode and Wekht's Dam Bridge, in the JJle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

[18th April 1810.]

S«easG.a. c. 74, as G. a. c. 43.

22 G. 2. c. 11. 3a G. a. c. 13. 15 G. 3. c. 65. 17G. 3 C. 65. 46 G. 3. C. KCv'u

Cap. xlviik

An Act for altering* amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His 45 G. 3. c.badlvi present Majesty, for building a Bridge over that Pfcrt of the River Romney #hich divides the Parish of Rtmmey in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Rostth in the County of Glamorgan.

Qi8th April 1810.] [Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts passed in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, - and the 2*G.*; c. 9. Fourteenth and Thirty fvxth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the 14 G. 3 c. us# County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and to make and repair certain additional 36* c*ia* Branches of Road communicating therewith. (b) [18th April 1810.]

[ Additional Triflecs* Former Tolls'repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap 1.

An Act to-amend an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over 32 G. s. c. as. the River South Eft* at or near Montrose.

[18th April 1810.]

['Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. li.

An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by His Majesty to the Royal Institution of Great Britain and for extending and more effectually promoting the Objectt thereof.

[18th April 1810.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Thirteenth D*«*Patent, Day of January, in tl*e Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; after reciting that several of His Majesty's Subjects were desirous of forming a Publick Iniiitution for difitiiing the Knowledge and 40'3*

facilitating the General Introduction of Useful Mechanical Inventions and Improvements, and for teaching*by Courses of Philosophical Left urea and Exoeriments, the Applications of Science to the common Purposes of Life, His Majesty did give and grant that George Earl of Wtnehelfea and Nottingham and several other Persons therein named, and such other Persons as should be from time to time eiefted in manner thereinafter directed, and their Successors, should for ever thereafter be by virtue thereof one Body Politick by the Name of The Proprietors of the Royal Institution of Great Britain and by the fame Name have perpetual Succession, and for ever thereafter have Power to purchase, receive and possess any Goods and Chattels*whatsoever, and (notwithstanding the Statute of Mortmain) to purchase, hold and enjoy to them and their Successors, any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, not exceeding at the time or times of purchasing thereof respectively the yearly Value, at a Rack Rent, of Two thousand Pounds in the Whole;

and His Majesty further Will and Ploafure was, that in case any Proprietor of the said Institution should be desirous of parting with his Right and Interest therein, and should in Writing notify the same to the Committee of Managers, to be appointed as therein is mentioned, then it should be lawful for the said Managers to cleft, in the Room of such Proprietor, a Person nominated by such Proprietor, and then the Right and Interest of such Proprietor should determine, and thenceforth become veiled in such Person so elected; and also, that in case of the Death of any Proprietor, it should be lawful for his or her Executors or Administrators to nominate a Person to be admitted or ballotted for as a Proprietor in the Right of the Proprietor so dying, subject to such Restrictions and Regulations as are therein contained s And whereas the Proprietors of the said Institution have, at a very considerable Expence, purchased and provided a large and commodious House and Buildings situate in Albemarle Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purposes of the said Institution, and have formed a Mineral Collection of British Specimens foientifically arranged, and extendve and valuable Libraries; and aUo have erected and furnished a 4 spadoueaad useful Laboratory, in which are made Experiments and Investigations important»a very high

+4. 4 Degree

A.D. 1810.

82+ C.li. 50° GEORGII III.

The Objects of the Corporation extended, and its Name altered.

No Member or

Proprietor to have more than«Life Interest.

Degree to the Improvement of Chemical Science, and to its Application to Arts and Manufactures in this Country; and in the Course of which, Discoveries have been made highly honourable to this Age and the British Nation: And whereas the increased Scale of Expenditure which has necessarily attended the increased Scale of the Establishment having far exceeded the Funds of the said Institution, the Managers have lately laid a State of their Concerns before a General Meeting of the Proprietors, at which it was unanimously determined, that the National Objects to which the Royal Institution is now applied, should not be abandoned on account of any Sacrifice of Property which may be required on their Part, but with a View to attraA the Interest of Scientific and Publick CharaAers in its Favour, and to induce them to form an active 4 Co-operation for its Support, that Measures should be taken to form on its Basis a Publick National and Permanent Establishment devoted to the Cultivation of praAical Science, and to the Promotion of every Improvement in Agriculture, Manufactures and the Arts: And whereas the Saleable and Hereditary Right in the Shares and Property of the said Institution, have operated as Impediments to that general Interest and 4 Co-operation which appear to be essential to such a Publick National and Permanent Establishment as aforesaid, and therefore a General Meeting of the Proprietors have agreed, that such Saleable and Hereditary Right shall be entirely done away, and that every Proprietor who shall relinquifti and give up his or her Saleable and Hereditary Share and Property in the said Institution, shall become a Life Member thereof only; and as a Compensation for such his or her Saleable and Hereditary Right as aforesaid, shall have the Power of nominating, by Writing under his Hand, or by his Will, any Person being his Wife or Child, or other Relation in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subscriber to the said Institution; and in the mean time and until such Nomination, every Life Member shall have the Power of admitting One Person to the LeAurcs, Collections, Libraries and Reading Rooms, whenever he himself shall personally attend:

And whereas an Appraised Valuation has been lately made, by skilful Persons, of the Property and Effects 4 of the said Institution, in order to ascertain the Value of each Proprietor's Share therein, which appears by such Valuation to amount to the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, or thereabouts, being the Value of each Proprietor's Share; and it has been agreed by the Proprietors present at a Special General Meeting,

convened in the manner directedby the Bye-Laws of the said Institution, that in case any Proprietor shall not content to become a Life Member of the said Institution, then, and in such Case, as a Compensation for such his or her Hereditaiy and Saleable Share or Property as aforesaid, such Proprietor shall receive the pecuniary Compensation of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, or at his or her Option such Sum of Money as shall be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value of such his or her Share or Property as herein after is provided or mentioned: And whereas by the said Letters Patent, and by the Bye-Laws made in pursuance thereof, the Affairs and Concerns of the said Institution are directed and governed by a Committee of Managers, confiding of the President, Fifteen Managers, and the Secretary; and the said Institution is from time to time inspected and examined by a Committee of Visitors, confiding of the Treasurer and Fifteen Visitors, the Members of the said Committees being chosen by and from among the Proprietors of the said Institution, and the President, Treasurer, Secretary, and One Third of the Managers, and One Third of the Visitors, having been renewed or chosen annually on the First Day of May, or when that Day has fallen on a Sunday, on the next Day: And whereas it is deemed expedient, that all the said Managers and Visitors should be renewed or chosen annually, and that the greater Number of such Managers and Visitors respectively shall be Members of the said Institution, who have not been Managers or Visitors during the preceding Year: And whereas by the said Letters Patent the Power of making, altering and repealing Bye-Laws for the Regulation of the said Institution is vested in the said Managers, with the Consent of the said Visitors,

and the Confirmation of the said Proprietors at large; and the Power of eleAing the Proprietors or Members of the said Institution, and the Honorary Members of the said Institution is also vested in the said Managers;

And whereas it is deemed expedient that the said Powers of making, altering and repealing Bye-Laws, and of eleAing the Members and Honorary Members of the said Institution, should be vested in the Members at large, subject to the Restrictions herein after mentioned: And whereas the said several Purposes cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Objects of the said Body Politick, and the Powers vested in them by the said Charter, and this Act respectively, shall be extended and applied to the Promotion of Chemical Science by Experiments and LeAures for improving Arts and Manufactures, to discovering the Uses of the Mineral and other Natural Productions of this Country, and to the Diffusion arid Extension of useful Knowledge in general; and that the Name of The Proprietors of the Royal Institution of Great Britain, " by the said Charter directed to be used, shall cease and be discontinued; and that in lieu thereof the Name of the said Body Politick shall be The Members of the Royal Institution of Great Britain, " which last mentioned Name shall be as valid and effectual for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been originally comprized in the said Charter.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Member or Proprietor of the said Institution shall have any farther or greater Share, Right or Interest therein, than for and during the Term of his natural Life; and that the said Clauses in the said Letters Patent, whereby it is declared, that in case any Proprietor of the said Institution shall be desirous of parting with his Right and Interest in the Property thereof, and shall notify the fame, then it shall be lawful for the Managers to eleA in the Room of such Proprietor, a Person to be nominated by such Proprietor; and that in case of the Death of any Proprietor, it (half be lawful for his or her Executors or Administrators to nominate a Person to be ballotted for or admitted in the Room of such deceased Proprietor, who, if a lawfully born Child of such deceased Proprietor, shall be

f9.admitted

A.D. 18ro.

SO* GEORGII UI.

C..li.

225

admitted as a Proprietor; but if other than a lawfully born Child of such deceased Proprietor shall be ballotted for Election as a Proprietor, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor or Member who shall be willing to give up and relinquish his or her Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the said Institution, in consideration of such Power and Privileges as are next herein after mentioned, shall in such Form as shall be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Institution, have the Power of nominating by Writing under his or her Hand, or by his or her Will, or any Codicil thereto attested by Two or more Witnesses, one Person, being his Wife ot Child, or other Relation in Blood, to be admitted to the Privileges of a Life Subscriber to the said Institution; and in the mean time and until such Nomination, each and every such Proprietor or Member shall have the Privilege of admitting One Person to the Lectures, Collection, Libraries and Reading Rooms, whenever he or she shall personally attend, but not otherwise.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor or Member, or the Trustee of any Proprietor or Member, or the Executors or Administrators of any deceased Proprietor or Member, shall, within Three Caleudar Months after the passing of this Act, by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, signify that he, she or they will not agree to relinquifti and give up his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Property in the said Institution, in consideration of such Power and Privilege as last hereinbefore mentioned; then each and every such Proprietor or Member, for the time being, or his or her Trustee, Executors or Administrators, shall be paid by the Managers of the said Institution, the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence per Share, as a Compensation for, and in full Satiafadlion of, all his, her or their Share, Right and Interest in the said Institution, unless such Proprietor or Member, Trustee, Executor or Administrator, shall, within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Corporation, for the Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Hereditary and Saleable Share or Shares and Property in the said Institution, as such Value flood immediately before the passing of this Act, which it shall be lawful for every such Proprietor or Member to do and to proceed to Trial therein, in like manner as in other Action* at Law; and after Verdict had thereupon, the said Corporation shall and they are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be recovered in such Action or Actions as such Compensation as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so paid or tendered, shall cease to be a Proprietor or Member of the said Corporation, or to have any Share, Property, Right or Interest therein; provided that in all Actions where the Verdict shall be given for more than the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, the Costs of Suit shall be paid by the Defendants; and in all Actions where the Verdict shall be given for the Sum of Forty two Pounds and Ten Pence, or for any leis Sum, the Costs of Suit shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the First Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thenceforth in each and every Year on the First Day of May, (unless when the fame falls on a Sunday, and then on the next Day) the Members of the said Institution present at their annual Meeting, shall then proceed to elect by Ballot, from and among the Members of the said Institution (subject nevertheless to the Bye-Laws of the said Institution respecting the manner and time of such Election) not only a President, Treasurer and Secretary', but also Fifteen or more Managers, and Fifteen or more Visitors in the Room of the Managers or Visitors of the preceding Year, the major Part of such Fifteen or more Managers, and the major Part of such Fifteen or more Visitors, being Members of the said Institution, who have not been Managers or Visitors in the preceding Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Bye-Laws shall be made, altered or repealed, except by the Authority of one of the General Monthly Meetings of the Members of the said institution: Provided that no Bye-Law, nor the Alteration or Repeal of any Bye-Law, shall be proposed at any Meeting, unless Notice of such Bye-Law, or of the Alteration or Repeal of any such Bye-Law, shall have been given in Writing signed by at lead Fifteen Members of the Institution, and lent round to the said Members Fourteen Days at lead before such General Monthly Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Power of the said Managers to elect Proprietors or Members of the said Institution, and Honorary Members of the said Institution, shall cease and determine, and from thenceforth it shall be lawful for the Members of the said Institution, at their General Monthly Meetings from time to time, as well to elect and chuse by Ballot such Persons to be Members of the said Institution, as shall have been recommended by Four Members at lead (in such Form as shall be rixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Institution) and shall have respectively paid or secured to be paid to the Funds of the Institution, in case of their Election, such Annual or other Sum as shall from time to time be fixed for the Ouabrication of a Member of the said Institution; as also to elect and chuse by Ballot to be Honorary Member of the said Institution, such Brit'tjh Subjects as are of the Blood Royal, or such Foreigners as are of elevated Rank, or distinguished for scientific or literary Attainments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the General Monthly Meetings of the Royal Institution shall be held on the First Monday in the Months of February, March, April, May, June, July, Augujly November and December in every Year, at Two o'clock in the Afternoon precisely, or on such other Days and Times, and at such other Hour as shall from time to time be fixed by the Bye-Laws of the said Institution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Managers of the said Institution (in Writing under their Hands) to allow such Salaries to their Professors, Lecturers and Officers, as by such Managers shall be deemed a reasonable Compensation for their Duty and Attendance, notwithstanding such Professors, Lecturers or Officers may be Members of the said Institution; any thing in the said recited Charter to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

yd Geo. III. G g«X. And

Members willing to rctl nquilli their Saleable and Hereditary Property may nominate a Lite Member.

Members not willing to re-linquifli then Saleable and Hereditary Property may receive the Sum of 42l. lod. per Share, or recovot ike Value.

Election of Managers and Visitors.

Power as to Ike-Taws veiled

in (jenml

Monthly

Meetings.

Klection of Members veftt- I in the (General Monthly Meetings.

Timas of (vena* ral Monthly Meetings.

Salaries to Protdluif.

a ii — lviii.

A.D. 18Si o,

Compcwfation to ]I military

l'roviso for Interests of Life and Annual

Subscrilnrj.

letters Patent and Bye-Laws I except as hi reby altered) valid.

[Publick act.]

o G 3. c 77.

17 0.3. o. 111.

7 G. 3. c. 86. 29 G. 3. c. ft*.

3 G. 3. C. 26.

24 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. lb.

12 G. 3. c. 101. 33 G. 3. C. 147.

26 G. 3. c. 126.

icpealed.

39 & 40 G. 3. e xv. repealed as to the bixth DdirutL

50' GEORGII III.

X. And whereas the Library of Reference and Mineral Collection have been formed at the Royal Insti- tution by Subscription upon the following Conditions; that each Subscriber of One hundred Pounds, or upwards, should be an Hereditary Patron of the said Library and Collection; and that every Subscriber of Fifty Pounds should be a Life fatron of the fame; and it is deemed expedient, that the Hereditary Rights of the Patrons should be abolished and taken away upon a fair Compensation Be it therefore enacted, That the Proprietors or Members who have contributed, or who shall contribute to the said Library of Reference and Mineral Collection, to the Amount of One hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be Patrons for Life only of the said Library and Collection; and each such Patron shall have Power by Writing to appoint any one other Person (being a Life Member of the said Institution) to be a Patron for Life of the said Library and Collection.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, lessen or affect the Rights and Interclts of any Life Subscriber, or Annual Subscriber, in the said Institution, but the same shall be as good, valid and effectual in all respects whatsoever, as if this Act had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Letters Patent, and the Bye-Laws made in pursuance thereof (except so far as the same are altered or made void by this Act, or as any of the said Bye-Laws may be contrary to the said Letters Patent, or to the Laws of the Realm) are hereby confirmed and made valid in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cup, lii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Carnarvon and Denbigh, and for more eff'ftuall) repairing, improving and keeping in Repair certain other Roads in the County of Carnarvon. (a) [18th April 1810.]

[Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday,]

Cap. liii.

An Act to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of the Seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the High Road between hromley and Farm borough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars' Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex. (c) [18th April lSio.1

[.Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. liv.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts passed in the Third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage to Hitchin, and from Welwyn through Codicot to Hitchin aforesaid, all in the County of Hertford. (a) [18th April 1810.]

[.Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair the Road leading from a Place near Stopham Bridge, in the Parish of Pulborough, in the County of Sussex, to the Road running from Worthing to Horsham, in the said County; and from the said Road running from Worthing to Horsham to the Direction Poll in the Parish of Steyning, on the Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horsham, in the said County, (b) [18th April 1810.]

[Double Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads therein described; and for extending the said Roads from King's Wood Common to the Turnpike Road leading from Weston under L'tiard to Newport, in the County of Salop. (b) [18th April 1810.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, improving and amending the Road from Liverpool to Prefon, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [18th April 1810.]

[Additional Half Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth, (a) [18th April 1810J

[Double TolU on Sunday.]

Cap.

A.D. 1810.

50 GEORGII III.

C. lix — lxxii.

227

Cap. lix.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham in the County of York, to Mansjttld in the County of Nottingham, at or near Clown in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop to Kelham, at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham (b)

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of His6G.3.(1.)c.is. present Majesty, for making and repairing Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, as relates to the Roads within the Barony of Ra/hdown.'[18th April 1810 ]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Buekton Burn through Berwick upon Tweed to Lammerton Hilly and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Durham and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed.

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act to amend*several Acts for repairing Roads leading to and through the Town of Frome in the County of Somerset, and for paving the Footways and lighting the Streets within the said Town, and for removing Part of the present Market Place in the said Town. (£) [18th April 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted."]

4? G. 3. c. civil.

[and om/rm/c] 30 G. 3. c. 39. 13 G. 3. c. 94. 37 G. 3. C. 175.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Hardingjlone to Old Stratford, in the County of Northampton. (a) [ 18th April 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Eling and Fawleyt in the County of Southampton, (q. P.)

£ 18th April 1810.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tythes. §16.

t Cap. lxv.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trusts and Powers of the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Capel Coningejby Earl of Essex, with Sarah Countess of Essex, his Wife, (q. P.) [18th April 1810.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Bletchleyt in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.) [1 8th April 1810.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Plumstead and Pojiwicky in the County of Norfo'k. (q. P.)

[18th April 1810.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Burgh of Kilmarnock, and Suburbs thereof; for res

G. 3. c. 5*.

13 G. 3. r. 102.

repealed.

Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the Burgh of Kill cgulating the Police and Markets 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[18th May 1810.]

[See 49 G. 3. c. xtviii.}

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for better regulating the Statute Labour within the County of Stirling.

Cap. lxx.

An Act to amend several Acts of the Thirteenth, Thirty fifth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for deepening and making more commodious the Harbour of Aberdeen, (a) [18th May 11 io.j

[New Duties.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint John, Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex.

[18th May 181 o.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fifty Kinross, Perth and Clackmannan. (£) [18th May 1810 ]

*4 45 G. 3. c. cviii. repealed. 30 G. 3. c. 93. 37 G. 3. c. 180. and 47 G> 3. Sess. i. c. 11, in part repealed.


13 G. n. c. 99. n.s G. 3. c. 41. 37 G. 3. c. ioi.

A.D. 1810.

a G. 2. c. is.

22 G. 2. c. is.

9 G. 3. c. 90.

99 G. 3. C. 1 Of r. impelled.

t*G.3.«.7&

Letters Patent, 92 Die. 1786.

Teflera way be

Tiled iu covering Buildings tvitUik

Bills of Mortality.

Pn>fH>nioo of

ftmimcrvius

Buhftance.

I'sing Comj ofi-non as Tc{Tc*ra, fur TclTcra per-mi tied to be tried by Ail.

C. lxxiii — lxiv. jo" GEORGII IIR

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading into [the City of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith, (a) [18th May 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Wisbech In the IJlc of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, to the Town olThorney in the fame Isle and County, (b) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, by permitting Johns' Patent Tessera to be used in the Covering of Houses and Buildings within the Places therein mentioned. £i8th May 1810.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more ejfc dually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Well minder, and the Liberties thereof \ and other the Parishes, Preempts and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying\ 4 under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for ereSing Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That 4 .every Flat, Gutter and Roof of every building of the First, Second, Third, Fourth or I^fth Rate or Class of Building fdeferibed in the said recited Act) which should be built after the Twenty founh Day of June then last, and every Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other Erection which should be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such Building, and eveij external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer and Lanthoyn in any Building of the said First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Class of Building then built, or which should at any time after the time aforesaid be ripped or uncovered, should be covered with Glass, Copper, Lead, Tin, Slate, Tile or artificial Stone, except the Doors, Door Frames, Windows and Window Frames of such Dormers, Turrets, Lanthorn Lights or other Erections: And whereas since the passing of the said recited Act, His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Twenty second Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six, have been granted to Ambrose Bowden Johns, for his new-invented Composition called Johns* Patent Tessera, composed of Limestone or any other Stone powdered, or Road Stuff, where Stene is made use of for repairing of Roads, and other Articles of a stony, sandy or calcareous Nature, with a sufficienV 4 Addition of Tar or other Bitumenous Substances, mixed together by the Application of considerable Heat and powerful Machinery, and afterwards pressed together and rolled into Sheet* by Means of Rollers acting with great Pressure, to be used in the Covering of Buildings: And whereas such Composition has been found useful and safe for such Purposes, and not liable to catch Fire, so as to communicate the same to any adjoining PremisesAnd whereas it is expedient to allow to be used in the Covering of Buildings the said Composition called Johns' Patent Tessera, as well as the several Articles mentioned in the said Act of the Fourteeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Flat, Gutter and Roof of every Building of the said First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate or Class of Building, arid of every other Rate or Class of Building, and every Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn Light, or other Erection .which shall be placed in the Flat or Roof of any such Building, and every external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer and Lanthorn, in any Building of the said First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth Rate, or any other Rate or Class of Building now built, or which shall at anytime hereafter be built within the several Places named in the said recited Act, and every Coping, Cornice, Facia, Window-dressing, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade, or other external Decoration or Projection whatsoever, to any such Buildings respectively, and also every Frontifpiece to any Building of the said First Rate or any other Rate or Class of Building now built or hereafter to be built, or to any Addition or Enlargement of any such Building, and every covered Way as shall or may hereafter be made to any Building, may be covered with the said Composition called Johns' Patent Tessera, or any or either of the said several Articles or Materials mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act, and the said Composition called Johns' Patent Ttjfcra shall and may be used in like manner as if the said Material or Composition hid been specifically named and included in the said Act among the Articles enumerated therein to be used for covering any such Buildings 5 on each Sheet of which Tessera so used, shall be starrtpcd on the upper Side thereof in legible Characters the Words, 44 Tessera licensed to be used by Act of Parliament."

II. And be it further enacted, That the Tessera to be used pursuant to this Act shall not contain a greater Quantity of Tar or other Bitumenous Substance, than is set out and described in the Specification of the said Composition called Johns' Patent Tessera.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make use of, in the covering of any Flat, Gutter or Roof of any such Building, or of any Turret, Dormer, Lanthorn Light or other Efeftibn in the Flat or Roof of any such Building, or any external Part of any Flat, Gutter, Roof, Turret, Dormer or Lanthorn Light, or of any Coping, Cornice, Facia, Window-dressing, Portico, Balcony, Balustrade or other

f 5 external

A.D. 1810. 50' GEORGII III. C. lxXY- — lxXXV.

external Decoration or Projection, or any Frontifpiece to any such Building, or any Addition or Enlargement thereto, or any covered Way .belonging thereto, any Composition, Manufacture or Mixture, as and for the Tessera permitted to be used by this Act, then, and in every such Case, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence was committed, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the fame; and every such Person shall also be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, Restrictions and Regulations imposed by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Persons offending against the said recited Act: Provided always, That no Action or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Forfeiture infiided or incurred by this Act, unless the same shall be commenced within Si* Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fortieth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal and a Collateral Cut thereto.

[r8th May 1810.]

CAP. lxxvii.

An Act for improving the Barrier Bank on the South Side of Moreton's Leam, between Tower House and WhkHefey Field, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts of His late and present Majesty for draining, preserving and inclosing Lands m March, Wimblington and Up well, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, so far as the said Acts relate to the First and Second Districts therein mentioned.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for draining and improving certain Lands in the Manors, Parishes and Places of North Weston> Walton* and other Places in the County of Somerset* [18th May iSlo.j:

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon* [ 18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for embanking and draining a certain Level of Marshes and Fen Lands called or known by the Name of The Minfmert Level, within the several Parishes of Leifton, with the Hamlet of Sixewell, Theberton, Dunvtich, WeJHeton and Middleton cum Fordley, in the County of Suffolk.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ooze in the JaidTo*wn.

[idth May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.3

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for better lighting, watching, cleansing and repairing the Highways, and otherwise improving the Hamlet of Ratcliff, in the County of Middlesext and for repealing an Act of the Twenty myth Year of His late Majesty*h*tive thereto*- and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for better paving and lighting, for establishing a Nightly Watch, for regulating the Poor, and recovering the Poor Rates within the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of Middlesex.

[18th May 181C. 3

11 2 <7. 3. c. 21. 3 G. 3. c. 23. 4 G. 3. c. 39. 5 G. 3. c 50. 11 G. 3. c. 22. 30 G. 3. c. 53. repealed as to Liberty H of the Rolls. §16.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon a Publick and Common Gaol; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap.

229

[Penalty.]

Provifa.

[Publick Act.]

39 A 40 G. 3. c. xxiii.

44 G. 3. c. xhru.

30 G. 2. c. 36. 32 «. 3. c. ios*.

49 G. 3. c.anvufc

29 G. 2. c. «7. rejwalerl an to Huml< t ot Kate! iff.

27G.8.C. 59.

A.D. 1810.

C. lxxxvi — xcvii.

50° GEORGII III.

Cap. lxxxvi.

49 G. s. c.cxxvi. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Ouse, and Foft Bridge over the River Foft, in the City of York; for widening, 1*oving certain Streets, Lanes and Passages leading and near to the said Bridges; and for

14 G. 2. c. 1*. 14 G. c. 23. 30 G. a. c. 54.

28 G. 3. c. 108.

5 G. 3. c. 107. 16 G. 3. c. 80.

12 G. 1. c. 6. 18 G. 2. C. 32. 31 G. 2. C. 58. 20 G. 3. C. 60.

raising and improving making certain other Improvements in the said City,

£ 18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for maintaining a Bridge across the River Beauhy, to be called The Lovat Bridge, in the County of Invcrri'fs. £iSth May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road partly by an Archway through the East Side of Highgate Hill, communicating with the present Turnpike Road from London to Barnet, at Upper Holloway, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, and near the Brook below the Fifth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Hornsey, in the County of Middlesex.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to enable the Birmingham Life Assurance and Annuity Office to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrbl Annuities.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. xc.

An Act to enable the Birmingham Fire Office Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary.

[18th May 1810.]

Cap. xci.

An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

[18th May 1810.]

Tears.]

Cap.

xcii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Red House, near DoncaJlery to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to PontefraS, and from thence to Weeland, and from PontefraS to Wentbridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (a) [18th May 1810.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick to the Town of Northampton, (h) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, to Hockitffe, in the County of Bedford, (a) £l8th May 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap.

xcv.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Birmingham to Warmington, and from Birmingham to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham to Warmington, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County on Edgehill. (b) [ 18 th May 1810.]

[Double Toll on Sunday."]

t G. 3. c. 47. 26 G.O. c. 103.

Cap.

xcvi.

28 C. 2. C. 31. 17 G. 3. c. 96. 33 G. 3. C. 169.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Eighth and Twenty eighth Years of His present Majesty, so far as the lame relate to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, (r)

[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap.

xcvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth, and for makkig a New Piece of Road to communicate therewith. (£) [18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

+9 Caf.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. xcviii — cvii. 231

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing as G.a. 0.10a. the Roads from Staplebar to Lingerie and from thence to Willey's Oak, and from Kingsham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford, ir< the County of Hereford\ (*)

[ibth May 1810.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted, ']

Cap. xdx.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, (a) [18th May 1810.1

[Double Tolls on Sunday,]

7 G, f. Stat. 1. c. 24. 15 G. 2. c. 5. 24 G. 2, c. 32. and 6 G. 3. c. 71. repealed as to the Road from Wtsidover

" to Buckingham.

Cap c.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His 3? 3*c*

present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bolton in the Moors to Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster i and for making a Branch of Road from the said Road to the Road leading from Blackburn to Prejion; and auotlier Branch of Road from Mather Fold to Hardman*s, both in Turton in the said County, (a) [18th May 1810.]

[ Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. ci.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several 33 G*3* Roads in and near the Town of Brewton, and other Roads, in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, therein described. (a) [18th May 1810.]

[New Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for 5 G. 3. c. 90. repairing the Road from the A!freton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of 28G.3. <.ST-Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanfley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelftidge, in the said County of Derby, (r) [18th May 18.IO.]

[Additional Trustees appointed.]

Cap. ctii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Second, Eleventh a G. 3. c-6*. and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the n G. 3. c. 87-County of \tafford, to the Road from Ashborn to Buxton, near Thorp in the County of Derby, and from the 22 3. c.

Road between Cheadle and Leei9 to the Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the said Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp at or near Ruehill Gate, in the County of Stafford. (<c)

[18th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Thirtieth9G. 3. c. so. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to 30 G*3* c. 107. Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford. (c) [18th May t81 o.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for enabling the Trustee* of George Earl of Coventry, to cut down and fell Timber on the Estates devised to him for Life by the Will of lus late Father, deceased. (q. P.) [18th May. 1810.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for vesting the legal Fee of certain Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Richard late Lord Penrhyn, and now veiled in Wittiam Norris Esquire, in William Le. Blanc and his Heirs, upon the TrufU subsisting or capable of taking Effect in the said Estates, (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates in the surviving Trustee under the Will of Elizabeth Boddingtonr deceased, (q. P.) [18th May 1810\l

Cap.

A.D. 1810.

43* C.cviii — cxxi. 50° GEORGII III.

Cap. cviik

An Act for incorporating iht Archbishop of Cafhel, the Bishop of Leigh&n and Ferns, the Bishop of QJfoty, and the Dean of Off ory, and their respective Successors for the time being, into a Corporation, to be called by the Name of*The Trusteet of the Asylum in the City of Kilkenny9$ founded by James Switfir Esquire, and for enabling them to carry on that charitable and useful Institution, according to the Provisions of a certain Trust Deed, executed by the said James Swufir. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for vesting a Messuage and Premisea near Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, deviled by the Will of John Sparling Esquire deceased, in Trustees in trull to sell the same, and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

' Cap. cx.

An Act to confirm and establish certain Inclosures of Lands, within the Parish of Rojjington, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also to effectuate an Exchange, lately made between the Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Doncaster, and the Rector of Rojjington aforesaid. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newnton BlofomviUc otherwise Newton Bloffomville, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P.) [18th May 1810.]

4< Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §15.

Cap. cxii.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of TeUefcomb otherwise Teffcombe, in the County of Sussex. (q. P.)

[iSth May 1810.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Tidenham, Woolastone and Lancaut, in the County of Gloucester. (q. P.) [ 18th May 1810.]

m Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §25.

Cap. cxi*.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of Berrhk Prior, and in the Manor and Parish of Newington, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

41 Allotment and Compensation for Tidies. §25. x

Cap. cxt.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Codieote, Welwyn and Knebworth, in the County of Her I. ford. (q. P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cxvi;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gladdejlry and Colva, in the County of Radnor. (q. P.)

[18th May 1810.]

u Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor. §21. 33. Savings to His Majesty. §51, 52.

C. a. f, 72.

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for inclosing the Open Fields of Newbold Vetdon and Newbold Heath, in the County of Leicester. (q.P)£l8th May 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for certain Tithes. §26, 27. 29. 32, 33. Tithes of ancient Indbfures com* u muted for. §31.

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Enborne, Hamjlead Matshall, Inkpen and Kintlury, in the County of Berks. (q.P.) [18th May 1810.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk.

[34th Mqy 1810.]

Cap. cxx.

AnAd for better regulating the Statute Labour in the County of Forfar.

[24th j8 io.]

" 29 G. 3. c. 20. as relating to Statute Labour in Forfar repealed.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar. (b) % [24th May 1810.]

u 29 G. 3. c. 20. and 34 G. 3. c. 100. repealed as to certain Turnpike Roads.

Cap.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. cxxii — -cxxxiv, 233

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Union Canal, in the Parish of Gumley, in the County of Leicester, to join the Grand Junction Canal near Long Buckby, in the County of Northampton; and for making a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal.

[241k May 1810.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Howler Slade in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to the Town of Monmouth; and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Counties of Gloueesler and Monmouth.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Tunnel or Road under the River Severn, from the Parish of Newnham to the Parish of Arlitigham, in the County of Gloueesler, [24th May 1810 ]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for improving the Drainage of certain Lands within the North and South West Parts of the Middle Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leverton, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair of a certain Sea Bank within the said Parish.

[24th May 1810 ]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20. 22, &c. No Lease of Reftorial Allotments without Con-4t sent of the King as Patron of the Rectory of Leverton, §32.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leah, in the County of Lincoln; and for providing for the Repair.of the New Sea Bank within the said Parish.

[24th May 1810 ]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20. 22, &c.

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for amending, .enlarging and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King 11 G. <i. c. 34. George the Second, for the effectual draining and preserving of a certain Fen called Cawdle Fen, and other Fen Grounds in the JJle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for dividing and allotting 41 G.3. (V.K-j Certain Fens, called The Eafi and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln; and for dividing and inclosing the c* cx, i'* Parochial Allotments, Lands and Grounds belonging to and in certain Parishes having Right of Common oa the said Fens, and for declaring to what Parishes such Allotments shall belong.

[24th May 1810.]

4i Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §19 — 22.

Cap. cxxx.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a new Church, to be 43 0.3. c.c*vU. called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof.

[24th May 1810.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for the more equally assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dun flan, Stebon Heath otherwise Stepney, in the County" of Middlesex, to alter, enlarge or repair a Workhouse or Workhouses of the said Hamlet, and managing the Concerns thereof. -[2+lh May 1819.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further Sum of 3, c. ntou

Money*; and to alter, vary, amend and enlarge the Powers of the Act passed in the Forty sixth Year [i6o, oooolj of His present Majesty, for making the said Waterworks; and for extending the same.

[24th Mayn % io-\

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from si G. 3. 0. 133. JBuckingham, through Brackley, to join the Daventry Turnpike Rphd near Banbury, (c) \

[24th May 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. — Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. cxxxivt

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty YReign, for repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone.

[24th May 1810.]

[New Tolls.]

50 Geo. I If. H h Cap.

30G 3.(1 )c. 4U. repealed, to I'ower to divide. Road.

C. cxxxv — cxlvi

a G a. e. §o. 2J G.i). c. 83.

-45 G. 3. c.hoLxir.

<jC.O. C. 30.JV.

49G*3.C.cfouMi.

50" GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick and in the County of the City of Coventry; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Bourne Bridge to Blythe Bridge in the County of Warwick, (c)[24th May 18.0.J

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called TJlrad, in the Parish of Lanfalon, in the County of Glamorgan, to Pontym >il, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth, with a collateral Branch to join the Newport Turnpike Road at Rifca, in the County of Monmouth \ and for building a Bridge at or near TJlrad aforesaid, and another Bridge near Penllwyn, in the County of Monmouth. (h)[24th May 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday ]

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Brandlefome Moss Gate, in the Township of Elton, to the Duke of Fork's Publick House, in the Township of Blackburn, and Three several Branches of Road therefrom} all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)[24th May 1810.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to vejl the settled Estates of Johu Hamilton Fitzmaurice} commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint} in Trustees in Trufi, to be sold for the Payment of Debts ajffeding the fames and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof for the Investment of the Refulue of the Monies to arise by such Sale, In the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the Uses of the J'aid settled Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) £24111 May 181 c.J

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for inclohng Lands in the Parish of Dymerchion, in the County of Flint, (q. P.) [24th May iSro.J

M Allotment and Savings to His Majesty, and Bishop of St. Asaph as Lord of the Manor of lyierfyn. §20.

" $l. 40. 42.

Cap. cxl.

An Act for inrclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Culbam, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.)

[24th May 1810.]

#< Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §24. Allotment in lieu of Pension to Vicar. $ 25.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for paving the Footways and Oof3-paths, and lighting, cleansing and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other Publick Passages and Places in the Town and Parish of Romsey Infra, and in the Parish of Rom-fey Extra, in the County of Southampton.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for inclosing, draining and preferring Lands in the Parish of Thirne in the County of Norfolk.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Hamlet of Went-blingtou, in the Parish of Doddington, and in the Parish of Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridgef fe far as the said Act relates to the Lands in the Second District therein described.

[2d June 18 >0.3

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for amending, enlarging and extending the Powers of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the Limits from East Moulfcy in Surrey, to Ravensborne in Kent.

[2d June 18 ia]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Parish Church of Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, and for rebuilding the Tower thereof, and for making a Cemetery or Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for better and more^effectually^ paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the

-'?laces in the City and County of the City of Exeter.

[2d June 1810.]

Streets, Ways and other Publick Passages and Places in the City and County of the City*1 G. 3. c. 28. repealed. 46 G. 3 c. xxxix. save as to ceasing of special Obligations to repair, ) repealed.

Cap.

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C.cxlvii — clx.

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for forming, paring, and otherwise improving certain Streets, and other Publick Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, which are or shall be made upon Ground belonging to Joseph Lucas Esquire.

[ad June 1810.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames or ljts9 at or near the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks> to join or communicate with the Rennet and Avon Canal, at or near the Town of Trowbridge in the County of lVUtsy and also certain navigable Cuts therein described.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for lighting, watching, paving, cleaning, regulating and improving the Streets and other Publick Places in the Parish of Saint Luket in the County of Middlesex.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for supplying with Water Upper and Lower Holloway, Highbury, Cannonburyt Upper Islington$ and their respective Vicinities, all in the rarish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cli.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money*for carrying into Execution the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[2d June 1810J

44G.a. c.ioo. 45 G.O. c.lviu. 46 G.a. c. li*. 47G. a.Sess. a. c.r.

Cap. clii.

An Act for authorizing the Removal of the Inlirmary of the County of Kildare from the Town of Kildare to the Town of Naas[2d June 1810.]

Cap. cliii.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, improving and keeping in Repair several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath; and for granting other Powers for more effectually improving the several Roads therein described, being in and leading to and from the said City, (a) [2d June 1810.]

Cap. cliv.

An Act for more effectually amending^ widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Poll hi Kingslhorpey in the County of Northampton, to Welford Bridge in the same County, (a)

18 &. 3. c. 112. repealed.

[2d June 1810.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to enable Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay Baronet, to exercise certain Powers of jointuring and charging certain settled Estates in the County of Essex with Portions for younger C!uL dren. (q.P.) [ad June 1810/}

Cap. dvi.

An Act for vesting certain settled Eft a tea late the Property of Sufattna Hake deceased, in Trusteet to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, to be applied for the Benefit of the Parties entitled to the said Estates. (q. P.) [td June l&io.J

Cap. civil.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Divisions of Lewknor and Pofcombt in the Parish of Lewluor in the County of Oxford, (q. P-) [»d June 1810.]

49 Allotment and Com pen Cation for Tithes. §14, 15.

Cap. clviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kidlington in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [td June 1810.]] " Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §17. 20.

Cap. clix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stainton and Edlington, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [id June 1810.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §17, kc.

Cap. clx.

An Act for inplofing Lands in the Parish of C beadle > in the County Palatine of CheJUr,

Hh a

Jane 1810.] Cap

235

35 G. 3. C. 52.

41 G.a. (U.K.) c, IxviiL

11 G.8. c. 46. 33 G. 3. C. S3*

repealed

& 50, 000l.], See 39 Sc40G.$. c. klvii.

44 G. 3. c. ii. 49O.3. c. oivi.

33 G. S, c. 144.

3 6 C, clxi — -clxiii.

50° GEORGII III.

A.p.i&io,

Hi* Muj Ay may

Cap. clxi.

An Act for inclosing Land in the Parish of Rotbbury, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.).

[2d June 1810 J

'Cap. clxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Barony of Prudhoe, and in the Parish of O^ingham, in the County of Northumberland. (q. P.) [2d June 1810.}

Cap. clxiii.

An Ad foi granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter to be called,

The Gas Light and Coke Company, " for making Inflammable Air for the lighting of the Streets off he

Metropolis, and for procuring Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammouiacal Liquor, andeflential Oil, from Coal, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[9th June 18 to ]

WHEREAS Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, andeflential Oil, may be procured from Coal: And whereas the said Inflammable Air, being conveyed by meins 1 of Pipes, may be safely and beneficially 11 fed, for lighting publick Streets, Squares, Market-Places and large Manufactories, and for lighting private Houses; and the Coke may be beneficially employed as Fuel 1 in private Houses and Manufactories, and the said Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor, and

essential Oil, may be used and applied in various ways with great Advantage: And whereas the Introduction of { the said Articles into general Use would be greatly beneficial to the Publick: And whereas the Production and

beneficial Use of such Articles will be more completely and speedily effected, if His Majesty should consti-

tuteand declare, by his Charter, that such Personsas should be named therein, and be afterwards duly ad-

mitted, for the purpose of producing such Articles for the Purposes aforesaid, should be one Body Politick

and Corporate, under certain Limitations to be prescribed, and that such Powers and Authorities should be given to such Body Politick and Corporate as cannot be granted without the Aid of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case His Majesty, by Charter, under the Great Seal

grant^aOiaiterto kiteat Britain, shall think tit within Three Years after the passing of this Act, to declare and grant, th*t Persons admitted such and so many Personsas shall be named therein, and all and every such other Person and Persons as from into the Gas time to time shall be duly admitted Members into their Corporation, shall be a Body Politick and Corporate, Light and Coke by the Name of "The Gas Light and Coke Company, 0 to continue for and during the Period of Twenty one* Years from the time of granting such Charter, and to declare that the said Corporation, so to be made and .created, shall be established for the Purpose of producing Inflammable Air, Coke, Oil, Tar, P.tch, Afphal-, tumf'Ammoniacal Liquor, and essential Oil from Coal; such Corporation shall have Power to make ContraA^ Svith any Commissioners or Directors, or Trustees, having the Controul, Direction Or Management of the lighting of any of the Parishes, or extra-parochial Places within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the , Borough of Southwark, or any of the Liberties or Precin As thereof respectively, or any Persons, Bodies Po-jlitijjk^ Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, willing and desirous of contraAing with the said Corporation for the lighting of any such Parishes or Places, or any Streets, Squares, publick Marketplaces or Manufactories or private Houses, dr Places of publick Exhibition within the said Parishes, or extry parochial Places, situate within the said Cities or Liberties thereof, or Liberties or Precincts aforesaid; and to sell and dispose of such Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitch, Asphaltum, Ammoniacal Liquor and essential Oil, and all 'other Prodii&s arising from Coal, under such Conditions, Limitations and Restrictions, as shall be expressed and contained in such Charter, and a3 are herein after expressed.

*'It. Artd b<? it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to rnife and contribute among themselvesa Capital or Joint Stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking

> and Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, to be sub- feribed in Shares of Fifty-Pounds each.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That tlvesaid Corporation shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under this Act, until such time as the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed.

IV. And, to the intent that sufficient Provision of Money may be made for answering and paying all just Demands upon the said Corporation, and to furnish the fit id Corporation with Money for its necessary and lawful 0 : cafions, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Corporation shall be obliged by force and virtue of the said Charter so to be granted or made as aforesaid, to raise the full Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds within a Period not exceeding Three Years, to be computed from the time the said Charter of Incorporation shall be granted.

S-.'Kcribm to V. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for $stablishing the said Corporation, it shall be pro-Man' in Stock in vided, that all and every Person or Persons by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or any proportion to Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any general Court or Courts authorized by the said Charter to be Subfaipnous. ]JeI<] by the said Corporation for that Purpose, for or towards the raising the said Capital Joint Slock, as aforesaid, .his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Corporation, in proportion to the Monies to which he, she, or they shall have so contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional Share of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and shall be admitted to be a Member or Members of the same.

Stork not to exceed aoc, oi'Ol.

100, 0001. to be fubfi lined bc-b»re (Joq>oration

Joint Stnik to

be raised w uli'iil Tiirce Yearj.

A.I>.i8iof S°° GEORGII III. C. clxiii,

VI. Prodded always, and it is hereby enactctf, That the several Members of the said Corporation shall respectively (land respoulible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Corporation, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall not be any further, or otherwise liable, either personally, or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effetfs, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contrafts or Agreements, entered into by the said Corporation, or be subject or liable by reason of his or their being Members of the said Corporation, or of any of the Acts of the said Corporation, to the Statutes respecting Bankrupts, or any of them,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum to be so subscribed shall he divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds Sterling each, and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subferiber or Subscribers for a less Sum than Fifty Pounds Sterling each; and that all Shares.in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of the said Corporation, and in the net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Estate, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly.

VIII. And, to the intent that all Matters and Things touching the Concerns of the said Body Corporate may ke managed and conducted in the most beneficial manner, Be it further enacted, That in such Charter for efta-lishing the said Corporation, it shall be provided, that all and every Person or Persons, who shall have subscribed for, or become entitled to, and be in the actual Possession of Two and more Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have a Vote or Votes in respect of stich Shares in the General and Special Meetings of the said Body Corporate, to be held for carrying on the said Undertaking, or for any Purposes* relative thereto, in proportion to the Number of Shares following; that is to say, For Two Shares, and less than Four Shares, One Vote; for Four Shares, and less than Eight Shares, Two Votes; for Eight Shares, and less than Si» teen Shares, Three Votes; for Sixteen Shares, and less than Twenty four Shares, Four Votes; and for Twenty four Shares and upwards, Five Votes; provided that no Person shall be entitled to give any Vote at any such Meeting or Meetings, unless such Person shall be possessed of Two Shares at least in the said Joint Stock or Undertaking, and shall have heldTuch Shares for Su Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for establishing the said Corporation, it shall be declared, That whenever Two or more Persons shall be jointly possessed of, or entitled to Two or more Shares in the Joint Sfock and Undertaking of the said Body Corporate, and in the Profits and Advantages thereof, such Persons shall be entitled to give their Vote or Votes in respect thereof, by the Person whose Name shall stand First in the Books of the said Body Corporate as joint Subferiber or Proprietor of such Shares; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any of the Meetings of the said Body Corporate, or of the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, to be appointed or chosen agreeable to the Direction of such Charter, upon any Question or Qucilions relating to the Concerns of the said Body Corporate, in which such Person or Persons shall be in any ways interested, other than as a Subferiber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Stock and Undertaking.

X« And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing such Corporation it shall be provided, that there shall be from time to time elected from the Members of the said Body Corporate, a Governor, a Deputy Governor, and Ten Directors of and in the said Body Corporate; and that no Director shall be a Dealer, either directly or indirectly, in any one of the Articles to be provided or manufactured by the said Corporation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that there shall be held in each Year Two General Meetings of the said Body Corporate, videlicet, on the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty sixth Day of December, or within Fourteen Days next after such Days respectively, of which several Meetings Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Four or more of the publick Newspapers published in the City of London, and County of M'uldlesex, and the First General Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be holden on such of the said Days as shall first happen next after the granting of such Charter; and that all such Meetings may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient, and that the Sud-Jcrtbers and Proprietors at fych General Meetings, or at any other Special Meetings to be called for that Purpose, of which Twenty one Days Notice shall be given in the Gazette, and in Two daily Morning and Two daily Evening Papers, specifying the Purpose for which such Special Meeting is cailed, shall have Power to cleft Persons not having less than Twenty four Shares in the said Stock and Undertaking, into the Place or .Places of such Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors, who shall have quitted such Office or Offices, in pursuance of any Direction to be contained in such Charter, and to cleft other Persons qualified as last afoiv-said, to serve in the Place of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, whose Office shall have respectively become vacant by Death, Amotion, Resignation, or want of Qualification, or otherwise; and that at every such Meeting or Meetings, all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Subscribers And Proprietors present, according to their respective Number of Votes, such Votes to be taken by Ballot; and in case such Votes shall be equal, the Governor for the time being, or, in case of his Absence, the Deputy Governor, or in case of the Absence of such Deputy Governor, then such Person as shall be in the Chair for the time being, shall have a calling Vote; and that if any Governor, Deputy Governor or Director so first to be nominated, or at any time to be chosen, shall* during the Continuance of such his or their Office as aforesaid, .by Transfer, Forfeiture, or otherwise, reduce his or their Number of Shares in the said Stock and Undertaking, below the Number of Twenty four Shares, then, and in every such Case or Cases, the Office or Offices of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Director, shall instantly cease, determine and become vacant in the fame and like manner ae upon the Death or Resignation of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors respectively; and tiua.no Member or Members of ihesaid Body Corporate to be chosen Governor, Deputy Gover-

5 J10I>

237

Snbfc ribers liable to Debts of Corporation in prop »riiou to t!»eir Share in the Svocb.

Stock to he divided into Share* of f>Ol. carh.

Pci fonal Kllute.

Proprietor* to vote according to* Number of Shares.

If Tuo or more IVrfmu be joint I'roprictoi*, «lie first named shall vote.

No Proprietor to vote if iutercfled.

Dtre^ors to be appointed.

Two Cienrral Meftinif* to be held iucach Year.

How PirriOni* shall be chuWu.

A.D. 1810.

Director* to continue in Ottice Four Ytun.

f Sic,

Vacancies in the Direction to be tilled up.

Directors autho-r'rfed to adiuini-tier an Oath.

Special Meetings of the IVoprie-tvn may be convened.

Meeting* of the Oire&or Sf and Regulations for their Proceeding*.

Power of Directors.

C.clxiii. 50° GEORGII III.

nor, or one of the Directors of the said Body Corporate, shall be capable of being so chosen, or of continue ing such Governor, Deputy Governor, or one of the Directors as aforesaid, unless the said Number of Twenty-four Shares be entered and continue in the Names of such Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director or Directors respectively, in the Books of the said Body Corporate.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the said several Persons therein to be nominated and appointed the first Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors as aforesaid, who shall not resign, or be removed or become ineligible and unqualified, shall continue iu their respective Offices for the Space of Four Years, and until others shall be duly elected into their Places; and that all succeeding Governors, Deputy Governors and Directors, shall successively be chosen out of the Members of the said Body Corporate, between the Twenty fourth Day of Mny, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June9 and the Governor and Deputy Governor so chosen as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively continue in their several and respective Offices of Governor, f Deputy Governor for the Space of Four Years, and until others shall be duly defied into their Places; and of the Directors so to be chosen as aforesaid, Three shall continue in Office for the Period of One Year, and other Three for the Period of Two Years, and the remaining Four for the Period of Four Years, from their being so chosen as aforesaid, to be decided by Lot.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Offices of such Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors respectively, by Death, Resignation, Removal, or becoming inelU gible or unqualified as aforesaid, may and shall be filled up at any Special Meeting or Meetings to be called for that Purpose in manner aforesaid; and that the Person or Persons so to be chosen to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies shall continue in his or their several and respective Office or Offices for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the next succeeding General Election of Governor, Deputy Governor or Directors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Director so nominated, or who shall be chosen pursuant to the Directions of any such Charter, to administer an Oath as to the Possession of any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock or Undertaking, or as to the Period of the Possession of any such Shares, and also as to the Accounts of any Person or Persons in the Employment or Service of the said Corporation, as a Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, or other Officer or Servant of the said Corporation.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter, for establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that if at any time it shall appear to the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, at any Meeting, or to any Thirty or more of the other Subscribers or Proprietors, who shall together be Holders of Three hundred Shares at the least, to be necessary or expedient to call a special Meeting of the Subscribert or Proprietors at large, for the Purpose of taking their Opinion and Determination, upon any Matter or Thing relating to the said Body Corporate 5 that it shall be lawful for such Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, of their own Authority, or at the Requisition in Writing, to be signed by such Thirty or more other Subscribers or Proprietors being Holders of at least Three hundred Shares, and which Requisition shall specify the Object of such Meeting 5 and in case the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, shallrefufe or neglect, for the Space of Fourteen Days, to comply with such Requisition, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the Subscribers or Proprietors, who shall have signed the fame, to call a special Meeting of the Subscribers and Proprietors at large, by Advertisement in the London Gazette* and in Four or more of the Newspapers, published in the City of London, or County of Middlesex, Specifying the Place where and the Time when such Meeting is to be held, the Time not being less than Twenty one Days after such Notice, and the Place somewhere in London or Westminster 5 and likewise specifying in such Notice, the Reason for and Intention of calling such special Meeting, and the Subscribers and Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such Notice, and take into Consideration the Matter or Matters to be Submitted to them by the Persons calling such special Meeting, and Specified in such Notice, and the Decision and Determination of the Subscribers and Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give respecting such Matter or Matters, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been made at any General Meeting of the said Body Corporate as. aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the Governor, or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three or more of the Directors, or any Five of the Directors, if the Governor or Deputy Governor shall not be present, but not less, shall be a Sufficient Number toconstitutea Meeting for the Purpose of executing all such powers and Authorities, as the Whole of the said Governor, Deputy Governor ana Directors for the time being, might have executed, if assembled together; and that all Questions, Matters and Things which shall be proposed, difeufled or considered by them, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors then present; and in case of an equal Divisien, the Governor for the time being, or in his Absence the Deputy Governor for the time being, shall have the calling Vote $ and that ifv on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, the said Governor or Deputy Governor, and Three Directors, or Five Directors, shall not attend, that then, and in every such Case, the Meeting shall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then present, or if none be present, by the principal or Chief Clerk to the said Body Corporate, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors of the said Body Corporate named in the said Charter, or to be chosen agreeable to the Direction therein to be contained, shall have the Custody of the

Common

A.D. 1810.

C. cixiii.

239

50° GEORGII III.

Common Seal of the said Body Corporate, and shall have full power and Authority to meet and adjourn from time to time, andfiom Place to Place, and to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out, or disposed of, for the Purposes of the fame, as in contracting for andpuchafing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chattels, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into Contrails for the lighting of any such Parishes, Places, Streets, Markets, Houses or Buildings aforesaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the \V0rk3 and Workmen, and in felling and disposing of all Articles produced from Coal as aforesaid, and in placing and displacing Officers, Clerks, Agents and Servants, and making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in any wise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rales and Constitutions, as shall at any time be duly made by the said Body Corporate, in Restraint, Controul or Regulations of the Powers and Authorities to be granted by the said Charter or Indenture.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that the Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers of the said Body Corporate, shall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Body Corporate, without an Order or Orders in Writing, signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the time being, and Three others at the lead of the Directors present, or by Five Directors at some Meeting of the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors; and that on the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty sixth Day of December in every Year, or within Fourteen Days of the fame respectively, a Half-yearly Dividend or Dividends shall be made by the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being aforesaid, out of the Interest, Profit or Advantages of the said Stock or Undertaking, at a Meeting or Meetings of the said Body Corporate, to be held at such several Times as last aforesaid lefpeitively, unless the Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Body Corporate, shall at such Meeting or Meetings declare other wise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much in the Hundred upon all and every Sum or Sums of Money paid to the said Body Corporate, by such Subscribers and Proprietors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as the said Body Corporate shall think fit at such Meeting or Meetings to appoint and determine; provided that no Dividend shall be declared, made or paid for TWive Months after the Establishment of such Corporation: Provided always, that no Dividend shall be made, whereby the Capital of such Company shall be in any Degree reduced or impaired; and that the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, who shall make any such Dividend, shall be personally rc-fponfible to the Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, for any Injury which may arise therefrom.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for establishing such Corporation, it shall be provided, that at every General Meeting of the said Body Corporate, the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, in consequence of any Resolution that shall have been first pa fled for such Purpose, at any Meeting of such Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors for the time being, to have been on that Account held, shall have full Power and Authority to make such Call or Calls for Money, from the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors shall from time to time find wanting and necessary for the Purposes of the Undertaking, so that no such Call do exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for or in respect of any one Share of Fifty Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of Five Calendar Months at least from each other, and that the Sum or several Sums of Money, so to be called for, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Body Corporate, to be issued and applied by virtue of an Order or Orders given to him for that Purpose \ and that such Order or Orders shall be signed by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the time being and Three of the Directors at least present, or by Five of the Directors present at some Meeting of the Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors duly held, and that the said several Sums of Money so called for, shall be paid at such Time and Place, as shall be appointed by such General Meeting of the said Body Corporate; of which Time and Place, One Calendar Month's Notice at least shall be given in the London Gazette, and in Four or more of the said daily Newspapers, published in London or Middlefcxj or in such other manner as the said Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, shall at any Meeting direct and appoint in that behalf; and that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their Proportion of the Money so to be called for, during the Space of Three Calendar Months, next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, then in such case, such Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing,

shall absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share, Part and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital.Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them, on account thereof, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Corporation; and that all Shares which shall or, may be so forfeited, shall or may be sold at a publick Sale for the most Money that can be gotten for the fame, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Body Corporate; but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, until after Twenty one Days Notice shall be given by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Body Corporate, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Notice in Writing left at his, her or their usual or last Place of Abode; nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited, at the first Meeting of the Subscribers and Proprietors, which shall be held not earlier than Two Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared, shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Subscriber or - Subscribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns so forfeiting, against all Actior, s, Suits and Prosecutions, for any Breach of Contractor other Agreement, between such Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns* and the said Body Corporate with regard to the future carrying on and Management of the said Undertaking.

Treasurer not to issue Money without an Orde r from DircoVrs.

Dividends to be made Half-yearly, &c.

Calls w he made on Subscribers*

In Default of Payment oft alls, Sh.uv* to be forfeited;

hut Norice fSrft to be grata*

240

Executors, &c. iir.lemnifutl in paying Calls.

For aftrrlami: i£ the !V»j»iiemr-fhij»f Sliarei in certain Cates.

Shurf r may he transferred.

Form of Share*.

Transfer* to he registered.

Corporation not to hoi row Money.

Otrporation not Jo light tVifties beyond Extent of their Capital.

C.clxiii. 50" GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

XX. And be it furtlter enabled, That in the said Charter for establishing such Corporation, it shaft be provided, that if any Person or Persons, Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share ot Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her, of the full Sum to be called for, or in respetf thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provision, by Will or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respect thereof shall be answered; that then, and in such Case, the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor, and the Trustees or Trustee, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person, entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor.

XXI. And, in order that where the original Subscriber of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become insolvent or bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Regiller shall have been made of the Transfer thereof, with the Clerk to the said Corporation, it may not be in the Power of the said Body Corporate, or any Officer acting for the said Body Corporate, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made 0: 1 such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpose of fafeiy paying to him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she or they may be entitled by virtue thereof, Be it further enacted, That in the said Charter for establishing such Corporation it shall be provided, that in all the Cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof, in the Form and Manner to be specified in such Charter, an Affidavit shall be made and (worn to by Two credible Persons, before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have pa(Tecl to such ether Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, 'and that such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the said Body Corporate, to the intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Rcnifter Book, or Lift of Subscribers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk; and that in all or any of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors at any General Meeting, after Three Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Owners or Persona claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times, at the Intervals of Ten Days between each Advertisenient, in some Four Newspapers circulated in the said County of Middlesex and City of London, to declare at any General Meeting the lame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and that in such Case the same shall be and become forfeited, and be sold and disposed of in such manner as the said Subscribers and Proprietors at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Body Corporate.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in such Charter for establishing such Corporation it shall be provided, that it shall be lawful for the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to fell and transfer any Share or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed, and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the Effect following:

4 T do hereby assign and transfer to his Executors, Administrators

4 1 and Assigns (or to)and their Successors, all my Share or Shares (specifying % the

Number) in the Joint Stock and Undertaking of The Gas Light and Coke Company,* and to theet«Profit and Advantages thereof, and all my Right, Title and Interest therein. Witness my Hand, .this«Day of in the Year,

And that every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Body Corporate, and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clety or other Officer of the said Body Corporate, duly authorized thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale and Transfer, and received as such in all Disputes and in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that until such Transfer shall be so registered in the Books of the said Body Corporate as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have any Part or Share in the said joint Stock and Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividend for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings, as Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall not borrow, or take up by way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than by a Subscription for Shares in Manner and to the Extent hereinbefore directed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the said Charter it shall be provided, that the said Body Corporate shall, upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpose, on the Behalf of any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of ar.y Parish or Parishes, or extra-parochial Place or Places, within the Cities of London and Westminster aforesaid, the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties of the fame Cities undertake to furnish, and shall fnrnish itich Parish or Parishes, or stich Parts of any Parish or

Parishes respectively, with a sufficient Supply of Inflammable Air, for the Purposes of lighting the said Parish

or

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII nr.

C. clxiil.

241

or Pari (lies, or Part or Parts thereof, with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences included, than such Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts of Parishes, could be supplied with, if lighted in the usual manner, during the Exigence of the Contract which they may enter into with the said Corporation: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to compel or require the said Body Corporate to expend any greater Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes to be mentioned or expressed in the said Charter, than the Members of the said Corporation shall be thereby, or by this Act be authorized to subscribe or contribute for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, nor to contract with any such Parish or Parishes, or Place or Places, for a Iefs Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the said Body Corporate.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Contract or Agreement entered into by any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of Parishes, with the said Corporation, shall contain a Clause providing that the said Contract shall be null and void, if at any time the Price charged for Inflammable Air used m lighting the Parish shall be greater than what at the time shall be paid for lighting any Part of London, Westminster or Southwark, with Oil in the usual manner.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Body Corporate shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any Ways or Means contract to supply, or shall be permitted to supply with such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, any Parish or Parishes, or any Part or Parts of Parishes, that shall not lie or be situate within the Cities of London or Westminster, or one of them, or the Borough of Southwark> or the Suburbs, Liberties or Precincts of the said Cities or Borough respectively or adjacent thereto.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Body Corporate shall not, by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, supply or undertake to supply any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings whatever, with ttie said Inflammable Air, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, except only such House or Houses, Manufactories or Buildings, which can be supplied from such main Pipe or Pipes as shall be laid down by the said Body Corporate, for the Purposes of supplying any Parish or Parishes or Streets, or Part or Parts of any Parish or Parishes with such Inflammable Air, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Body Corporate shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contract to fell and furnirn, or shall fell or furnish auy Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Description whatever, for the Purpose x>f conveying, or whereby such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in the said Charter, it shall be declared, that if at any time hereafter during the Continuance of the said Body Corporate, the said Body Corporate shall omit, neglect or refofe to carry into Effect and fulfil the Provision hereby directed to he inserted in the said Charter, that the said Body Corporate shall, upon due and reasonable Application made to them for that Purpose, on the behalf of any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of any Parish or Parishes, extra-parochial Place or Places, Part or Parts thereof, within the said Cities of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, their Suburbs, Pne-cinfts and Liberties respectively, undertake to furnish such Parish or Parishes, or such Parts, or such extra-parochial Place and Places respectively with a sufficient Supply of Inflammable Air for the Purposes of lighting the said Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts thereof, or inch extra-parochial Place or Places respectively.

Part or PartB thereof, with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price than such Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts of Parishes, extra-parochial Place or Places, Part or Parts thereof, shall have usually been supplied with under the Stipulations and to the Extent in the said Charter to be expressed, or shall in any manner aft contrary to or in violation of the Provision to be inserted in the said Charter: that the said Body Corporate shall not under any Pretence or Pretences, or by any Ways or Means contract to supply, or shall be permitted to supply with such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, any Parish or Parishes, Part or Parts of Parishes, extra-parochial Place or Places, or Part or Parts of such extra-parochial Place or Places, that shall not lie or be situate within the Cities of London a: d Westminster, or one of them, or in Parts adjacent to the said Cities, or within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, or shall in any Manner or Respect aft contrary to or in violation of the ProvisioH to be made in the said Charter; that the said Body Corporate shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Device or Devices, supply or undertake to supply any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, publick or private Buildings whatever with the said Inflammable Air, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, except only such House or Houses, Manufactories or Buildings, which can be supplied from such Main Pipe or Pipes as shall be laid down by the said Body Corporate, for the Purpose of supplying any Parish or Parishes, Part or Parts of any Parish or Parishes with such Inflammable Air for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall in any Manner or Respect aft contrary to or in violation of the Provision to be contained in the Taid Charter; that the said Body Corporate (brill not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences contract to fell or furnish, or shall fell and furnish any Stove or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Description whatever for the Purpose, or whereby such Inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories* publick or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the fame, u shall in any or either of the said Cases be lawful for His Majesty his Heirs or Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to revoke and make void the said Corporation, and all the Powers, Privileges, Benefits and Advantages to he granted to such Corporation as aforesaid, and thereupon the same shall determine and become void accordingly.

XXX. And whereas the said Inflammable Air or Gas cannot be used for lighting the publick Streets, Power in cmiia Ways or Passages as aforesaid, unfefs the said Air or Gas be conveyed by means of Pipes to be properly laid' Cases to hw«k

50 Geo. III. Ii for up the Soil

In what Case (xmtra£l with Parishes void.

Powers of supply-in Air, limited to London, Well-miufter, &c.

Not to supply any House out of the Line of Main Pipe.

No Machinery for conveying Ga» to Private Houses to be sold.

In what Case His Majesty may declare Charter void.

Hi C.clxiii. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Vavement of Streets, &c. for laying Pipes, &c.

Workmen in laying or repairing Pipes to make good the Pavement.

Penally.

If Conttu&s he not duly performed they may be voided on giving Notice, &c.

Ko Pipes of Com nranic&tkm to be laid without Consent ot Corporation. Penalty.

Iaapnfeament.

I5fea, ltr«

for that Purpose; Be it further enacted, That if at* any time after the passing of this Act, any Commit, sioners or Trustees, or other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, ia whom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, the Care, Superintendence and Controul of lighting the publick Streets, Highways, Lanes, Passages, or any Part thereof, in the Cities of London ana Westminster, or within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, should think it fit and convenient to contract with the said Body Corporate, or with any other person of Persons whomsoever, to light the publick Streets, Highways, Lanes or Passages, or any Part of them, in the Cities, or Town, or Borough aforesaid, by Means of such Gas as aforesaid; that then, and in all such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Body Corporate and their Successors, and for such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, with the Approbation and under the Direction of such Commissioners or Trustees, by their Servants, Workmen and others, to break up the Soil and Pavements of any such Streets, Way8, Lanes and Passages, and dig and fink Trenches and lay Pipes, and put Stop Cocks or Plugs, or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places as aforesaid, and in such manner as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, or supplying any such Light as aforesaid, and from time to time to alter the Postion of, and to repair, relay and maintain such Pipes, Stop Cocks and Plugs, and do all such other Acts, Matters and Things, as the said Body Corporate and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think necessary and conveaient for completing, amending, repairing, improving and using the same.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Workmen employed in laying or repairing any such Pipes, shall fill in the Trenches and make good the Pavements and Roads, apd carry ?way the Rubbish occasioned thereby as soon as conveniently may be, and in the mean time guard the rlace where any Ground shall be opened, in such manner as to prevent Accidents to Passengers, Cattle and Carriages, and as the said Commissioners or Trustees shall direct: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants, or any such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, in filling in any such Ground, or removing Rubbish, or making good any such Pavements or Roads, then, and in every such Case, the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person or Persons so offending respectively, shall, on being thereof lawfully convictedk, on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or District where the said Offence shall be committed* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which said Penalty, if not forthwith paid, shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person or Persons, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Penalty or Forfeiture, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be paid upon Demand to the Person or Persons giving Information thereof.

XXXII. Provided always, That if the said Body Corporate shall contract with any such Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid, for lighting any Parish or Place, or Part of aHy Parish or Place, and shall not duly perform such Contract, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees to determine such Contract, giving Six Months Notice thereof; and then, and in such Case, and also at the Expiration of any such Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees either to purchase the Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes, and other Materials belonging to the said Body Corporate, and employed in lighting such Parish or Place, or Part of a Parish or Place, at a reasonable Price to be settled by Two Persons, one to be named by the said Commissioners or Trustees, and the other by the said Body Corporate; and in case such Persons shall differ, by a Third Person to be named by such Two Persons as an Umpire between them, One Month at the least previous to the Expiration of the Term of such Contract, or to the Expiration of such Six Months Notice for determining such Contract, or to remove such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Materials, at the Expiration of such Contract or Determination thereof by such Notice, and in the mean time to permit such Commissioners or Trustees to lay such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches, and other Articles as shall be necessary for the Supply of such Parish or Place, or Part of a Parish or Place, at the Expiration or sooner Determination of such Contra ft.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any iron, leaden or other Pipe, to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Body Corporate, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, without the Consent of the said Body Corporate, or the Person or Persons supplying Lights by such Pipes, first had and obtained, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and also the further Sum of Forty Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or District where the said Offence shall be committed, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and the Surplus, after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the CoAmon Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Division or District, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges, be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe* Poll* Plug* or other Matter or Thing, actually in use

/ during

A.D. 1810. so" GEORGII III. C. clxiii, clxiv.

during the Existence of any Contract with any Parish or Parishes, for the Purpose of fulfilling such Contract, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or District where the said Offences shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Body Corporate and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, Double the Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath, to be done at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) or such Offender shall and may be committed to the common Gaol of the said County, City, Town, Place, Division or District, for any time not exceeding Three Months, at the Discretion of "the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be committed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may within Six Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment or Determination shall have been made or given, (first giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be made) complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessions to be held m and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter-Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall have the Effect of depriving any Person or Persons of any Right which he or they at present possess, or of interfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houses with Gas Lights, or in any other manner: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to defeat, abridge, alter, obstruct, or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners or Trustees for lighting or paving, or of the Commissioners of Sewers, or the New River Company, or any ether Company established for the Supply of Water in or for any of such Parishes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Person or Persons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any Street within such Parishes or Places: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding against the said Company, or against any of their Officers, Servants or Workmen, in respect of any Wonts of the said Company, or the Method which shall be employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a publics or private Nuisance, or from bringing any Action against the said Company, or any of their Officers, Servants, or Workmen, for any Injury sustained by reason of any such Works or Method of lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of lighting, or the Carelessness or want of Skill of the Persons employed therein.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges and Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Cursitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag, of the High Court of Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court; and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from Length of Service or from Age or Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Offices; and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court; and for making other Payments in respect of the said Offices.

[9th June 1810.]

WHEREAS the due Execution of the Office of Examiner of the High Court of Chancery, by Persons

qualified and competent to discharge the important Duties of the said Office, is of the utmost Consequence to the Administration of Justice, and the Irrterest of the Sutton of the said Court: And whereas the said Office Jiath heretofore been and is now held for Life; and Doubts are entertained whether there is any where competent Authority to remove the Person or Persons who now or hereafter may hold the said Office, if at any time by reason of Sickness, Infirmity, or other Cause, he or they (houkl be unable or incompetent

to discharge the Duties of the said Office: And whereas Henry Fktcroft Esquire, one of the Persons holding the said Office, is now and hath for a considerable time been a Lunatic Ward of the said Court of Chancery, and wholly incompetent to the Discharge of the Duties of the said Office: And whereas the Persons who have discharged the Duties of the said Office, have frequently been engaged in other Employments and Pursuits, whereby Delays, Hindrances and Impediments, and other Inconveniences have been occasioned to the Suitors of the said Court, in the Prosecution of their Suits therein: And whereas it would be expedient that in future the Bnfiness of the said Office should be executed by the Persons holding the fame m their own Persons, and that they should be expressly prohibited from acting as Counsel, Solicitors, Anomies, Clerks

lie 4 in

243

[Penalty.]

Appeal.

Prorifo for Rights oi Per* Cons to light Streets, &c.

Publick a a.

24+ C. dxiv. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

4 in Court or Draftsmen, or as Agents or Clerks to any Person acting in any of those Capacities, or in any other Respect or Capacity in any way connected with the said Court of Chancery, or any Suit or Matter

depending therein, or before the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or'Lords Commissioners of the

Great Seal, or the said Court of Chancery; and that the Business of the said Office should, as near as may* be, be equally divided and go in rotation amongst the Persons holding the said Office; and that Witnesses

on different Sides of the fame Cause should be examined by different Examiners; and it is reasonable that Compensation should be made to such of the present Examiners and Deputy Examiners as chuse to decline to continue their Service in the said Office, upon the Conditions and under the Restrictions hereby intended to be imposed upon them: And whereas the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office are (regard being had to thfe great Increase in the Necessaries of Life and the Expence of Living) not adequate to the Attendance,

Trouble and Importance of their Offices and to their Services; and it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court, that adequate Provision should be made for the Persons who shall be appointed to discharge the Duties of the said Office: And whereas the Business of the Examiner's Office of the said Court of Chancery, and also of the Clerk of the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag, is carried on in one and the fame Building, in the Rolls Yard in the Liberty of the Rolls, in the County of Middlesex, and the fame is out of Repair, and inefficient for the necessary Accommodation of Witnesses whilst under Examination in the said Court, and for the Purposes of the said Office of Examiner and the other Offices there carried on: And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court, that proper Provision should from time to time be made for such of the Examiners of the said Court and their Clerks as from Age or Infirmity are or shall. in the Judgment of the said Court, be incapacitated to perform the Duties of their respective Offices;

and also that Provision should be made for putting the said Offices into proper and substantial Repair, or for rebuilding the fame if necessary, and for other Payments and Expences incident to the said Office; and that such other Regulations should be made respecting the said Office, as are herein after mentioned and contained:

And whereas the Freehold of the said Premises or Part thereof is now vested in the principal Examiners of the said Court, and in the Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their respective Lives, and during their Continuance in Office, for the Purposes of the said Office; ana it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of the said Court,

that the Freehold of the said Premises should in future be vested in the Master of the Rolls and his Successors,

for the Purposes of the said Offices of the said Court of Chancery, and that proper Compensation should be made to the said Principal Examiners and to the Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for their several Interefla in the said Premises respectively: And whereas there appertains to the said Court of Chancery certain other Officers, called the Uiher and Court Keeper of the said Court of Chancery, who, among other Duties of their said Offices, have been required to furnish the said Court with Stationary and other Articles requisite and necessary for the Use of the said Court, and have been and are allowed to charge for the fame a per Cent age thereon, over and above the Coll of the Articles so fumished, as Part of their Remuneration for undertaking and discharging their said Offices; and the fame is an improper Mode of remunerating the said Officers, and is open to great and continual Abuse, and ought to be discontinued for the future, and that the said Officers mould be remunerated in some other more fit and proper Manner: And whereas there also appertains to the said Court of Chancery certain other Officers called the Cursitors, who transact the Business

of their said Office, and keep the Records of their said Office, in the First Floor of a certain Building,

situate in Chancery Lane, many Years held, and now holden by the said Officers as Tenants at Will thereof,

under a private Individual: And whereas the said Records are of considerable Importance, and by being kept in an Office so circumstanced, are exposed to greater Risk than accords with the Importance of the said Records; and it is expedient that the fame should be deposited and kept in some more safe and feenre Place,

and that a permanent Repository he provided for the fame, and a proper Place be provided for transacting the Business of the said Office: And whereas the Proceedings of the said Court of Chancery have of late been frequently interrupted by various Persons improperly intruding themselves into the said Court, and there are

4 4 not any, or however an insufficient Number of Persons in Attendance on the said Court, to prevent such

Intrusion and Interruption, and it is expedient that the fame should be prevented in future: And whereas by as G. 3. c. 42. 4 virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitor*s Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for tht Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a Publick Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repoftorics for securtng the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics,

and of the several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been by virtue of the several Orders of the said Court made for that Purpose taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled. Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit ana better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery; and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament- the several annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments thereby directed to be made and to be 46 G. 3. c. 1*8.*P8^, and also the several other Payments directed to be made in and by the Two several Acts of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one of them intituled, An Act for making Provision for such Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Majters in Ordinary of the

6f 4 said

A.D. 1810.

C. clxiv,

245

50° GEORGII III.

said Court, tod the other of such Acts intituled, An Act to provide additional Salaries to tie present Clerhs in

tie Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerhs for the said Office with Salaries; and to make other Payments in refbect of the said Office; and by the Act of the Forty ninth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Provfion for such of the Sub Registrars or Deputy Registrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be ajflided with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office*, and for making further Provfion for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars, for the Clerks in the RegiftePs Office, for the Master of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in respect of the said Offices; have been from time to time made and paid, and the Surplus

Interest and annual Produce anfing from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Intenest and annual Produce, have been from time to time, in pursuance of the said hr ft mentioned A3, laid

out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled, Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And whereas from many Years Experience it hath been found that ' there always hath been and there now is a very large Sum of Money belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank beyond the Demands of the Suitors, and it will be of Benefit to the Suitors of the said Court that a further Sum of Money, Part of the Money lying

dead and unemployed as aforesaid, should be placed out at Interest on Government or Parliamentary Securities,

and the Interest thereof, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, applied for the Purposes herein after mentioned Therefore be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery which now lies or which shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Orders shall be directed, to the intent that the Interest and annual Produce anfing from the Money so to be placed out may be applied for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities when purchased shall be carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery

II. And be it further enacted, That the Freehold of the Premises in the Rolls Yard, Chancery Lane, in the Liberty of the Rolls aforesaid, where the Business of the said Office of Examiners, and also of the Offices of the Clerk of the Crown and the Clerks of the Petty Bag is now carried on, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and all other Premises, if any, which shall hereafter be purchased for the Purposes of the said Offices, together with all Buildings now or hereafter to be erected thereon, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, or the Purchase of such Premises, if any, be and the same are hereby vested in the Master of the Rolls, to hold to him and his Successors for the time being for the Use and for the Purposes of the said Offices, and subject to such Rules and Regulations, respecting the Use and Occupation thereof and of the Rooms and Chambers thereunto belonging or therewith occupied, as the Court of Chancery shall from time to time order and direct, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends arising from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, airtt the several Acts therein mentioned, and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act and carried to the said Account, intitules. Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and also out of the Interest and Dividends of Securities purchased and to be purchased with Surplus Interest, in pursuance of the said Acts or any of them, or in pursuance of this Act, and carried to the said Account, intituled. Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, there shall be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by the said several Acts passed in the Thirty second, Forty sixth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Acts therein mentioned, or any of them, directed or authorized to be paid out of the said Interest and Dividends) such Sum or Sums of Money as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall in his and their Discretion deem necessary, and not exceeding the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, to be applied under the Direction of the said Court in providing proper Placet for transacting the Business of the aforesaid Offices, while the Premises now used for such Purposes shall by reason of the rebuilding, repairing or enlarging thereof be unfit for the Business of the said Offices to be transacted therein, and in erecting, building and completing proper and convenient Offices wherein the Business of the said Examiners, Cursitors, Clerk of the Crown and Clerks of the Petty Bag Offices, may respectively be permanently transacted, and the Records of their several Offices securely preferred 5 and in purchasing such Ground and Buildings thereon as shall be necessary or convenient for those rurposes, and in fitting up the said Offices with proper Repositories for the Records, Papers, Presses, Defies, and other Necessaries for the said several Offices; and also such further Sum or Sums of Money, either Yearly orln Gross, as shall be necessary for keeping the fame Offices and Repositories in Repair, and for insuring and keeping all the said

Offices

46G. 3. C. 129.

49 G. 8. c.lxix.

A certain Part of Cash belon&hig to Suitor* placed out at luicrtit*

Freehold of Examiner's Office vested in the M after of the Rolls for the time beings

Expences of rclmildii'g, &o> said Offices, how paid.

Hrounds purchased for U fe of Offices of Chancery, vi (led in Matter-of the Rolls.

Buildings purchased or erected not to be converted into Keiidences, &c.

Power to remove Officers.

Power to remove Mr. FUicroft.

Power to appoint additional Number of Examiner*.

Other Examiners provided in c afe the present Officers refill.

Oath.

Oath of Copying Clerk.

C.clxiv. 50» GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

Offices and Repositories insured from Loss or Damage by Fire, at such Infufance Office or Offices, nd in such manner and in such Name or Names, and for such Sum or Sums, as the said Court Audi from time to time order and direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Ground and Houses which (if any) Aiall be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be conveyed to and vested in the Matter of the Roils to hold to him and his Successore (Mailers of the Rolls) for ever, in Trust for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, and that the fame, together with all Buildings now or hereafter to be erected and built thereon, shall be, and the same are hereby vetted in the said Matter of the Rolls, and his Successors in the said Office for the time being for ever, in trust to and for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Buildings by this Act authorized to be purchased, erected or built, or any Chamber or Room, Chambers or Rooms therein, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not be used, occupied as, or converted to the Residence of any Individual or Individuals, Person or Persons, on any Pretence or Pretext whatsoever, but the fame and all and every Chamber and Chambers, Room and Rooms therein, and every Part and Parts thereof, shall be used for the publick Purpose and Purposes by this Act directed in respect of the fame, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it Aiall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, to remove any Person or Persons holding or who hereafter Aiall hold the Office of Examiner of the High Court of Chancery, or of Clerk of such Examiner, from his or their said Office, when by reason of permanent Sickness, Infirmity or other Cause, he or they shall be unable or incompetent to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Henry Fiitcroft Esquire, one of the Persons holding the said Office of Examiner, be, and he is hereby removed from his said Office, he the said Henry Fiitcroft being a Luuatit Ward of the said Court of Chancery, and wholly incompetent to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it mail at any time hereafter appear to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and to the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, that the Business to be done in the Office of the Examiners of the High Court of Chancery shall at any time hereafter increase so that the fame cannot be transacted and done by the Two Examiners of the said Court, with that Facility which the Convenience of the Suitors of the said Court may reauire, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, to make an Order or Orders that other and not exceeding Two more Examiners and Two more Clerks of such Examiners Aiall be provided, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being shall and he is hereby authorized and required, upon such Order or Orders being made, to appoint some (it and proper Person or (it and proper Persons to be such Examiner or Examiners, and some o'her fit and proper Person or fit and proper Persons to be such Clerk or Clerks, who shall, upon their several Appointments, be respectively entitled to take and have such Fees and Salary as to the Examiner and Clerk of an Examiner of the said Court of Chancery does or shall of right appertain or belong, or be authorized to be directed to be paid by this present Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Vacancies which Aiall hereafter occur in the Office of Examiner, Aiall hereafter be filled up and appointed to in such and the same manner as the fame have heretofore been and that every future Examiner and Examiners shall and he and they are and is hereby required, before lie or they act in the Execution of their respective Offices, to take and subscribe in open Court the usual Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and also an Oath to the Purport and Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, truly and faithfully

exercise and occupy the Office of one of the Examiners of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, whereunto I am now admitted, and truly, faithfully, and without Partiality to any or either of the Parties in the respective Causes taktf-the Examinations and Depositions of all and every Witness and Witnesses produced

before and examined by me upon the Interrogatories filed with me, and that I will be attending as well to further the King's Business as the fame Causes from time to time as Occasion shall require; and that I will not publish, dffclofe or make known to any Person or Persons whatsoever (except to the sworn Clerk appointed to copy the same) the Particulars, Purport or Contents of all or any of the Depositiorts of the

Witnesses or any of them to be taken by me, until Publication in the said Causes shall duly pass.

4 So nelp me GOD.*

And every future Clerk and Clerks to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and he and they are and is hereby required, before he or they aft in the Execution of their respective Offices, to take and subscribe before the Examiner by whom they shall respectively be appointed, and who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, the usual Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and also the following Oath:

4 J C.D. do swear, That according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge I will truly and faithfully execute

and exercise the Office of a Copying Clerk in the Office of A.B. one of the Examiners of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery whereunto I am admitted so long as I shall continue in the said Office, and that I 4 will be ready and attendant in the said Office*to further His Majesty's Business as need shall require; and

that I will also well and faithfully preserve and keep such Of the King's Records 'wherewith I Aiall be

J entrusted or whereunto I shall have Access, and that I will not publish, disclose or make known to any Person or Persons whatsoever the Particulars, Purport or Contents of any Deposition or Depositions taken in the said Office until Publication in the said Causes shall duly pass. 4 So help me GOD.'

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C.ckiv.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Examiner* and Clerks shall in their own proper Persons attend in the Office to be provided for them during all such time, and daring such Hours in each and every Day, as the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Greet Seal of Great Britain % and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, shall direct and appoint, and in their own proper Persons diligently, faithfully and attentively employ themselves in dispatching and transacting the Bufmefi of their respective Offices; and that the said Examiners or any of them shall not examine any Person or Persons at or in any other Place or Places other thaa at and within the Office to be provided as herein after mentioned, without the special Order of the said Court of Chancery for that Purpose first had and obtained, except during the Vacations, wheu they shall not be required by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain* Lord Keeper or Lords Commissionera for the Custody of the Great Seal, to be daily attending in their said Office; and that such Examiners or Clerks, or any of them, shall not at any time during their Continuance in the said Office aft as Counsel, Solicitors, Attornies, or as Clerks in Court or Draftsmen either at Law or in Equity, or as Agents or Clerks to any Person or Persons acting in any or either of those Capacities, or in any other re£pe& or Capacity in any ways connected with the said Court of Chancery, in any Suit or Matter depending therein, or before the said Court save and except under Commissions from the said Court, damn the time toe said Court of Chancery shall not be actually fitting); but shall devote themselves respectively whtiy and entirely to the Business of thrtr respective Offices, without accepting or taking any other Business or Employment whatsoever, which Audi or may in any manner interfere therewith; and that the said Examiners and their Successort in the said Office shall from and after the Fifth Day of July next, be entitled to the Fees for the Business done by them in their said Office respectively, and each of the said sworn Clerks and their Successors shall have and be entitled to receive such Fees as shall be ascertained and settled by the said Court of Chancery, pursuant to the Directions for that Purpose herein after contained.

XI. Ajm ho k further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July next, the Business of the said Office shall be eqaaily divided, as nearly as may be, between and among the said Examiners, and that the Witnesses on different Sides of the fame Cause shall (if the fame be practicable) be examined by different Examiners, in facfcsuuuier and under and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said Court shall think fit to order respectk*the fame.

XII. And be it further ena&*d by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, and the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and they are hereby required from time to time as they shall see Occasion to examine into, ascertain and settle the Periods and Hours oI Attendance of the said Examiners and their Clerks at and in the Offices herein provided for them; and also the Duties of the said Examiners and Clerks, and also the Distribution of the Business of the said Offices, and also the Fees and Emoluments which the said Examiners and their Clerks shall have and be entitled to receive from the Suitors of the said Court for the Business done by them respectively in or about the Execution of their said Offices, and to ordain a Table of such Fees, which shall be made an Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, and Copies thereof shall be affixed andfet up in the Examiner's Office, Six Clerks' Office and Register's Office of the said Court, asd if any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner shall have, take or receive any Fees, Gratuities or Emoluments whatsoever from the Suitors of the said Court, not warranted or allowed by the said Order, such Examiner or Clerk so offending, shall be liable to be removed from his said Office by the Court, and be incapable of ever thereafter holding any Office in or under the said Court.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Examiners or sworn Clerks for the time being, shall be afflicted with any temporary Illnefa or Infirmity which shall be likely for a short time to prevent them from discharging the Duty of their Offices respectively, and the same shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, and that the Business of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery shall be delayed or prejudiced by the Absence of any such Examiners or Clerks during such their temporary Illness or Infirmity $ it mall and may be lawful for the said Examiners or Clerks respectiveW, wkh the Approbation of the Matter of the Rolls for the time being, to appoint some fit and proper Person to officiate for such Examiner or Clerk for any Space of time during such their temporary Illness or Infirmity not exceeding Three Months, and such Person first taking the Oath appointed to be taken by an Examiner or Clerk, the Oath herein above prescribed to be taken, according as they shall be deputed to ait as an Examiner or Clerk respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, to appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Four, to attend upon the said Court of Chancery wheresoever and at all times whensoever the said Court shall be fitting, and that the said Persons so to be appointed shall be removeable at the Will and Pleasure of the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, and shall, whilst they continue to be so appointed, diligently attend from the opening of the said Court during the whole time of the Sitting of the said Court, for the Purpose of preserving Order among the Persons present in the said Court, and to prevent insane and other disorderly Persons from intruding themselves into the said Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, there shall be paid (but subject as aforesaid) by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of 0Saber in every Year, fnen yearly Sums as after mentioned to the several Persons after mentioned; that is to

to the Committee of the Estate of Henry Fliuroft Esquire, a Lunatic Ward of the said Court of Chancery,

one

447

Officers to Attend their Duty m Person.

Ftifiness of Examiners equally divided.

Fees and Emoluments afeer-taiued.

[Penalty.]

Power to appoint temporary Examiners.

Power to appoint Persons to keep Order in the Court.

Payment of Salaries, &r.

C. clxiv

A.D. 1810.

24.8

Allowance t« 1'lhcr and Court Keeper,

ft emulating Mode of supplying the Court and Offices of C lianccry with Parchment and.Stationary*

Salary for Superannuated Examiners and Clerks.

50° GEORGII III.

one of the Principal Examiner* of the said Court, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pound*, for and during the Term of his natural Life, as a Compensation for depriving him of his said Office of Principal Examiner; to James Dancer Gentleman, who has been Thirty five Years and upwards one of the Deputy Examiners of the said Court, by reason of the Length of his Services and on account of his great Age and Infirmities, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds for his Life; and to John Smith, John Nursey Dancer and John Alexander Berrey % Gentlemen, the Three other Deputy Examiners, respectively, or to such of them as shall decline*to continue in the said Office upon the Terms herein prescribed, or as shall not be continued to be employed in the said Office, as a Compensation for depriving them of their said Office, the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds each, for their respective Lives; and to each of the Examiners of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to each of the Persons to be appointed to keep Order among the Persons attending the said Court, and to prevent the Intrusion of disorderly Persons therein, the yearly Sum of Forty Pounds; and to the Usher of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and to the Court Keeper of the said Court for the time being, the yearly Sum of Ninety Pounds 5 and to each of the Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag, for and during the Term of their respective Lives or Continuance in the said Office, the yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds each, as a Compensation and in lieu of the Rent which such Two junior Clerks of the Petty Bag have hitherto received for such Part of the aforesaid Premises as have been hitherto occupied by the Clerk of the Crown, and also a proportionable Part of such quarterly Payments as shall accrue due between the lad quarterly Payment thereof and the time of the Death or other Removal of such Examiner, Clerk or Officer of the Court; such Payments to the U(her and Court Keeper of the said Court of Chancery to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction to them respectively for any Profit or Advantage they, from and after the said Filth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, may derive from finding and supplying the said Court and Officers thereunto belonging, with Parchment, Stationary and Necessaries supplied by them respectively for the Use of the Court; the First quarterly Payment of the several Sums aforesaid to the several Persons aforesaid, to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and ten*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, there shall also be paid (but subject as aforesaid) by virtue of any Order or Order of Chancery to $>e made for that Purpose, at such time or times as shall be mentioned and specified in such Orders respectively, to the Uffier and Court Keeper of the said Court respectively, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Court of Chancery shall find to have been really and bona fide paid, laid out or expended by the Ulher or Court Keeper of the said Court, or either of them, in the Purchase of Parchment, Stationary and other necesiary Articles found and supplied by them, or either of them, for the Use of the said Court and of the Officers thereunto belonging.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and he and they i* and are hereby respectively authorized from time to time, when and as often as he or they shall see Occasion, to order and direct that such Parchment, Stationary and other N^ceffaries shall be supplied by any Person or Persons other than such U(her or Court Keeper, or either of them, and to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Supply and furnishing of the same as to him or them shall from time to time seem meet; and that upon Proof being made before and to the Satisfaction of One of the Matters of the said Court by Examination upon Oath (which Oath the said Matter is hereby authorized and required to administer), and such other Evidence as the Occasion may require, that the Articles so supplied and fumithed were necessary and proper to be furnished and supplied, and that the Sums respectively charged for the same are respectively the Fair Market Price for the fame, to order and direct that out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, there shall also be paid, but subject as aforesaid, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, to such Person or Persons and at such time and times as shall be respectively mentioned in such Orders, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be found by the said Matter to have been properly charged lor such Supply as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time on a Petition presented to him or them for that Purpose by any of the said Examiners or their Clerks, who shall have acted in the Capacity of Examiner or Clerk in the said Office for the Space of Thirty Years, or in case any of the Examiners of the said Court or their sworn Clerks for the time being shall happen to be afflicted with any permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office; then, and in either of such Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being respectively, to remove from the Office of Examiner of the said Court, or Clerk to such Examiner, any of the Examiners of the said Court or their Clerks who shall have been Thirty Years in the said Office, or who shall in the Judgment of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, be so afflicted; and then, and in either of the above Cases, by an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made from time to time when Occasion shall require, to order an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds to any Examiner or Examiners, and not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any sworn Clerk or Clerks to any Examiner, to be paid out of the Dividends and Interest of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased or to be purchased as hereinbefore mentioned, to any Examiner or Clerk to any Examiner who shall be removed from the Office of

Examiner

A.D. 1810. 5o": GEORGII III. C. clxiy;

Examiner or Clerk to such Examiner for such Causes as aforesaid, or any of them; in which Order or Order* the Cause or Ground of making the same shall be distinctly dated and specified, and the said Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) by even and equal quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Jlprili the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, to such Examiner or Clerk to such Examiner, from the Period when he shall have foresigned or be so removed from his said Office or Employment for and during the Term of his natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the time of his Decease; and in the room of such Examiner or Clerk of such Examiner so removed or incapacitated, some other able and sufficient Person shall be appointed to be Examiner, or Clerk to such Examiner, in the manner prescribed by this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Right Honourable the Matter of the Rolls and the Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inn, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and for all Executors or Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, and other Trustees whatsoever, for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, and also for Tenants for Life of Estates in Settlement if of Age, other than Femes Covert, and for the Guardians for such Tenants for Life as may be Infants, and the Husbands of such Tenants for Life as may be Femes Covert, for and on behalf of themselves, and all Infants, Ittue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or under any other Disability, and also for all Persons who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements or Privileges, which may be convenient for the Scitc of or for a Way to the Offices and Repositories to be built in pursuance of this Act, to treat, contract and agree for the Sale of all and every such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements and Privileges, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to grant, sell and convey the fame for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, Settlement, Will, Custom or other Matter Or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 and the Matter of the Rolls and the said Honourable Society of Serjeant's Inn, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons whotnsoever, s^re and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance ofthisACl.

XX. Andhe it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporation, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the fame amount ro the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, according to the general Rules and Orders of the said Court, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would nave been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affeaing the fame Land?, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and its the same manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, -by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under his or their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two or more Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, (such Nomination to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nbminating

50 Geo. III. K k Parties)

249

Power for In* capacitated Perfooa to fell Houset, &c.

Application (omjx nfHiion

Money when amounting tw 200l.

If under Cool, and exceeding 20l.

A.D. 1810.

If under 20l.

Where any Question shall arise touching Title-to Money io he paid, the Persons who may be iu Possession shall te entitled, thereto.

Court of Chancery may order Expences of Purchases to be paid by Tmitees.

Expences of Act provided for.

Surplus Monies placed out on Securities.

G2 G. d. c. 42.

S< eurities may be changed.

If further Mow y wanted, Court ot Chnwcry nny tail in Securities.

Vr.'v'/o for Kefomi in Offices Ike.

C.cfciv. 50° GEORGII III.

Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as they shall think lit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Person3, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be madq appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of tin's Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, in the same manner as the Expences of building the said Offices ana Repositories are hereby directed to be paid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred in.procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges-and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall he paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out on Securities pursuant to the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, and to be placed out pursuant to this Act, and which Securities are directed to be carried to the Acco.unt of Monies placed oqt for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities purchased and to be purchased with such Surplus Interest beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts and the several other Acts hereinbefore mentioned, and the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled, Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Inter ejl arising from Securities carried to qn Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and which Fund shall be applied to answer. the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Cnanccry, m case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High'Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orde*rs of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame and the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands put of the Common and General Cash belonging to such Suitors.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by any Person

f 6'er

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III.' clxiv — -clxxiv. 251

or Persons having Authority to reform or abolish the fame, and that in case the fame or any of them shall at any time hereafter be abolished for which any Salaries or Salary is or are hereby provided, or for which any Apartments are hereby provided, such Salary shall cease and be no longer payable, and the Apartments or Offices so provided shall be hereafter used in such manner and for such Porpoies as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall direct or appoint.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall Publick A be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. clxv.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present agG.a. c.mvi. Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Port of Liverpool with Water, from certain Springs in the Township of Bootle, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for amending an Act of the Twenty second Year of His kite Majesty, King Claries the Second, so 22far.2. c.iG pr, far as the fame relates to the River Brandon, otherwise the Lr(fcr Ouxe, from the White House near Brandon Ferry to Thetford in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and for improving the Navigation of the said River.

[9th June 1810.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted."]

Cap. clxvri.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Town of Greenock, and the Harbours thereof; for regulating the Police; and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts.

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act mack in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton.

[9th June 1810.]

[New Rates.']

13 G. 3. c. 28. 29 G. : }. c. 43. 41 0.3. (U.K.) c. !i.

43 O.n. c.Ixxxvfi. 43 G. 3. c. xxir

Cap. clxix.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other publick Passages in the Town of Southampton.

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxX.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving certain Streets* and other publick Passages and Places, which are orshallbe made upon a certain Piece of Ground belonging, to Thomas Harrison Esquire, situate in the Parish of Saint Poner as, in the County of Middlesex.

[9th June 1810.]

IOG.3. t. 21,

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Ashford to of near to Buxton, in the County of Derby, (a) [9th June l8lc.J

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for confirming and carrying intty Effect an Agreement entered into on Behalf of Alexander Duke of 1 Gordon, and by Sir Alexander Penrose Gumming Gordon Baronet, deceased 5 and for enabling Sir William Gordon Gumming Gordon Baronet, and Charles Lennox Gumming Esquire, and their respective Heirs, to make Exchanges of certain Parts of their respective Entailed Estates, under die Authority and by the Dir.dions of the Court of Session in Scotland; (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for exchanging Parts of the Fee Simple Estates of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Nr folk, in the Counties of Surrey, Suffiex and Aliddl sex, for Parts of his Settled Estates in the County of 2 or/:; and for. veiling several Messuages and Lands, other Parts of the said Duke's Settled Lft.itej in tin* said Counties of York, Sussex and Middlesex, and in the County of Not ting ham, in trail to fell; and for laying out ibe Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates. (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

*'- Cap. clxxiv.

Adaa for making and maintaining a .Turnpike Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester to Wootton Bajfctt in the County of Wiks, and a Branch of Road from the Malmr/lury and Cirencejhr Turnpike Road near GrmdmeU Church to communicate jWth, the Turnpike Road, leading from Cnekiach to Malmesbury at or near Minety Common, (b) [9th June 1810.]


A.D. 1810.

252

C. clxxv — -clxXxvii. £0 GEORGII III.

Cap. clxxv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Kent, late of Henry Lyell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof, for defraying the Expences of inclosing certain Lands in the County of Cambridge, and for inverting the Surplus Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Will and Codicils of the said Henry Lyell. (q.P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for empowering the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and their Lessees, Edmund White, John White and William Parker Terry, to grant building and repairing Leases of Lands and Buildings at South Lambeth, in the County of Surrey; pursuant to an Agreement entered into for those Purposes. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for enabling Jane Player Widow, and others, to grant Leases of certain Estates at or near Ryde in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will of the late William Player Esquire, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates. (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for discharging the Estate of George Frederick Stratton Esquire, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, from certain Trails thereof, and for substituting another Estate in the same County in lieu thereof, (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for vesting several Fee Farm Rents or Annual Sums, devised by the Will of Robert Scott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trull to be sold 5 and for laying out the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Chester and Buckingham, late of the Reverend Richard Levett, Lucy his Wife, and Ellen Byrd, Spinster, in Trustees, upon trull to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates. (q. P.)

[9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act for effectuating a Partition of certain settled Estates of David Ross Esquire, the County of Down in Ireland, and in the City of Bath in England, (q. r.)

deceased, situate in [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for effectuating a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery of certain Estates situate in the County of Monmouth, devised by the Wills of John Blewitt Esquire, and Frances Fettiplace, deceased. (q. P.) [9th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, and Henry Wood-gate Esquire, of Estates in the County of Kent. (q. P.) ^th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Great Longstone % Little Longfione and Wardhw, in the County of Derby. (q.P.) [9th June 1810.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §12, 13.

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wrington, Tatton and Kenn, in the County oiSomerset. (q. P.)

[9th June i8xo.j

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Caereinion If coed, in the County of Montgomery, (q. P.)

£qth June 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §26.

Cap. clxxxvii.

ic G. n. r. 57. An Act for more effectually cleansing, lighting and watching the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Mel-

as to Sixpenny combe Regis in the County of Dorset, and removing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; for licensing

Pound Rite, ami regulating Chairmen and other Persons plying for Hire; for establishing Markets; and for giving fur-

Power8 to the Quay Matter of the Harbour of the said Towiu CIJt^x J*8Jo*3

Cap.

A.D. 1810.

253

<f GEORGII III. clxxxviii — cxcvii.

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act to continue for Two Year9 an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Right of Presentation to the Rectory and Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing, for a limited Time.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for asserting the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ro/s, towards the Expence of making and Supporting certain Roads and Bridges therein, and of an Act passed in the Forty Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ro/s and Cromarty, and Part of the County of Naim, locally Situated in the County of Ross.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act to aster, amend and enlarge the Powers of So much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parirti of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex'15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxci;

An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common in, over and upon certain Parcels of Land in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing So much of Two Acts passed in the Twenty Sixth and Forty Seventh Years of His present Majesty, as prevents the erecting Buildings on certain Parts of the Said Parcels of Land, within a limited Distance from the Sides of Such of the Roads therein mentioned as abut thereon; and for improving Saint George's Fields aforesaid.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland* in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Management, Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty, for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin Qi$th June 1810.]

u 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 30. repealed.

[Till $th Jan. 1821.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Act to incorporate and regulate an Tnflitution, to be called "The Belfast Academical JnJTitution, " for affording to Youth a Classical and Mercantile Education. v [15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxclv.

An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual Two Acts of the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Oufey and bounded On the South by the Hard Lands of Mepally Wicham, Wentworth, Wickford, Ely, Downham and Littlebort; and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Levels to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, called Inverted Lands.

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for vesting a certain Plot of Land on Wandon otherwise Wavendon Heath in the County of Buckingham, in the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford in Fee Simple, and for charging the fame and certain Ertates of the said Duke with a perpetual Annual Rent Charge, to be payable to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Wandon otherwise Wavendon in the said County, in Manner and upon the Trusts therein mentioned, (q. P.) [15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxfcvi.

An Act for vesting the settled Ertates at Eltham % in the County of Kent, of the Right Honourable Georg* Augustus Henry Anne Lord Rancliff9 in Trustees upon Trull, to sell the same, or to make Grants in Fee, or Leases of the fame* for the Purpose of building; and to lay out the Monies arising by such Salea in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q. p.) [15th Junt 1Sio.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act for exchanging the entailed Estate of the Right Honourable Amabell Baroness Lucasy in the County of Wiltif for other Ertates of the said Baroness Lucas, the Right Honourable Mary Jemima Dowager Lady Grantham, and the Right Honourable Thomas Philip Lord Grantkamy in the Counties of Essex and.Suffolk, and for varying the Powers of Leafing in the Settlement of the said Estates in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, (q. r.) [[15th June 1810.]

Cap

49 G. 3.«. cldi.

45 G. 3. c.xh 47 G. 3. Sess.

c. xiii.

4 G. 3. c. 4-3#

26 G. 3. r. 13 7* 47 G. 3. SflT. c. cxv.

40G.3. (I.)

38Gr3 (I.) c. 35.

29 G. 2. r. 25.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. xx\ i.

254

46G.-J.C.C«xifi.

14 C. 3. c. 91. 17 G, 3. c. 18.

47 G.3. Sess. 2' c. cix.

C.cxcviii — ccvii. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act for vesting the Lease of the Governors of Bethlem Hospital in the Scite of the Hospital, in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London by whom it was granted; and for authorizing the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to grant certain Lands in Saint George's Fields, in heu thereof, to Trustees for the Governors of the said Hospital for the like Term, for the Purpose of erecting a new Hospital thereon on an enlarged Scale, (q. P.) Q15th June 1810.]

Cap. cxeix.

An Act for empowering the surviving Trustees under the Will of 'Robert /Infen Esquire, deceased, to cut down certain Timber Trees on the deviled Estates in the County of Surrey, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the iubfilting Uses of the fame Will. (q. P.)

[15th June 1810.]

Cap. cc.

An Act for enabling George Byng Esquire, and others, to grant Building mises, situate in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex. (q. P.)

Leases of certain Lands and Pre- [15th June 1810.]

Cap. cci.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Slapton, in the County of Buckingham) and within the Hamlet of Horton, lying in the same Parish, and in the several Parishes of Ivinghoe, EJdicJborrjugh and-Pightlcflhorne, in the same County, (q. P.) [15th JunB810.]

M Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. §27 — 32.

Cap. ccii.

An Act for inclosing Whitchurch Common, and other Waste Lands in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Oxford. (q. P.) Dith Juste l&IO.}

M Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, Modus, &c. §18 — 20.

Cap. cciii.

An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Powers of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His prefsnC* Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners aAing in pursuance of an Agreement between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effect.

[15th June 1810*}l

Cap. cciv.

An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, in relation to the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London; and for the further Improvement of the fakf-Navigation.

[20th June 1810.]

[Tolls of 17 G. 3. c. 18. repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. ccv.

An Act to explain an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for th* more effectual Improvement of the City of Dublin and the Environs thereof, so far as relates to the lighting of Rutland Square in the said City.

[20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Act for establishing a Cattle Market within the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle of Ely; for taking down and removing the Shambles therein; for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Town, an^L removing Nuisances therein; for preserving and improving the Port and Harbour of Wisbech; and for regulating the Pilots belonging thereto.

[20th June 1810.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses, called the Commercial Docks, and for' making and maintaining other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint ATary, Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1810.]

WHEREAS, for the still greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, it is expedient that other good and sufficient Wet Docks and Basons,

with Timber Ponds, proper Cuts) Sluices and Outlets, should be made and estabiuhed within the Port ot London, with Quays ana Wharfs attached thereto, for the Reception and Discharge of Ships laden with' Timber, Wood, and other Merchandize, as herein after mentioned: And whereas the several Perform herein* after named, have subscribed a certain Sum as a Joint Stock or Fund, and have purchased and improved a Wet Dock, long known as Greenland Dock, and other Docks and Premises adjoining, for the Purposes aforesaid j and for carrying into Execution and completing the several Works, Improvements, Alterations

and

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. ccvii.

255

and Additions herein after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John All erf oily John Atterfoll the Younger, Joseph Atterfoll, William Adam, William Brooming, Daniel Brent, John St. Bar he, Daniel Bell, John Boulcott, Denis de Berdt, Joseph Crew Boulcott, Elirahcth B las ken hagen, John Jr ant on, Roltrt Brertton, Anna Brodie, Peter Barlow, Thomas Brooks, Ann Barlow, James Beloncle, Jane Birlett, William Cook, William Cordell, Richard Carrington, John Crickett, Qjuintin Dick, John Dearman, Ralph Day, John Evans, John Eykin, Perrott Fenton, William Freme, Robert Forjler, Philip Ibhetfon Fenton, John Gilliat, Mary Green, George Grote, Joseph Grote, Alexander Glennie, Samuel Gurney, John Gurney, Robert Gat here ole, John Gre.nlcaf, James Glennie, William Grove, Richard Harford, John Harford, Mary Harford, Charles Richard Harford, Duncan Hunter, Henry Harford, Elizabeth Harford, Thomas Horncafile, John Henry Hecker, Richard Harris, Edward Harman, Elizabeth Hawkins, James Egbert Hoolboom, William Johnson, George Irvin, Thomas Adolphus Knoblock, Henry Louch, John Lyon, Lewis Lloyd, Jacob Abraham Levy, Richard LI yd, William Mpir, James Mackenzie, James Maude, Ebenezer May, Robert Humphrey Marten, Daniel Mildred, Joseph Moore, Thomas Oom, George Pindar, James Pattison, William Prescott, Sir Charles Price, John Prince, George Ritchie, John Baker Richards, Thomas Ritchie, William Ritchie, William Tooke Robin son, Christopher Richardson, Samuel Sharpe, Benjamin Shaw, John Somerset Smith, William Smith, Philip Spliat, J. Stevenson, George Todd, James Thompson, Elizabeth Thomas, Christopher Waltham, John Wood cock and John Woodward, together with all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, who now is or- are, or shall at any time hereafter, according to the Conditions and Restrictiona herein after set forth, be or become a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Docks, Basons or Ponds already made or hereby authorized to be made, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company for maintaining and improving the said Docks and Works already made, and making, completing and maintaining other Docks and Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and other Works necessary for the Accommodation of Vessels laden with Timber, and other Articles herein after mentioned, and shall for that Purpose be a joint Stock Company, by the Name and Stile of The Commercial Dock Company

II. And be it further enacted, That for the Improvement and Increase of Accommodation of the Port of London, and facilitating the Discharge of Ships and Vessels laden with Timber, Wood, and other Merchandize herein after mentioned, and fecUting such Cargoes of Timber and Wood from Loss and Pillage, and removing the Interruption occasioned to the Navigation of the River Thames, and the Port of London, by reason of the want ot sufficient Accommodation for Timber, out of the said River, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to extend and improve their present Docks and Works, and make such other Basons, Docks, Ponds and Entrances, and Quays and "Wharfs adjoining thereto, as may be necessary and convenient for the receiving and discharging and lading of such Ships and Vessels.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Ships and Vessels laden or to be laden with Timber or Wood only, or with Timber or Wood being the principal Part of the Cargo, although the Remainder of such Cargo should conflil of Hemp, Flax, Pitch, Tar, Tallow or Fish, or Shins laden with Fish Oil, Blubber and Whale Fins, or any ether Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, usually delivered afloat by River Sufferance, to enter into all and every the said Docks and Basons, and there to discharge or lpad the Whole or Part only of any bach Cargoes, and also for any Ships or Vessels so having discharged in the said Docks, or any of them, to load the Whole or Part only, of the Cargoes of any such Ships or Vessels, on any Outward Voyage; any thing contai. ed in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Custum, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be cor.flrued to extend to make any of the said Docks or Wharfs under this Act legal Quays, or to empower the said Company to land or load any such Goods without the Sufferance of the Commissioners of Cutloms granted for that Purpose; provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be coidlrued to extend to compel any Ships or Vessels to enter into the said Docks or Ponds, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise and

contribute among themselves, in addition to the Shares already created, or Strtns already subscribed, and now belonging to the Proprietors, of the said Docks and Premises, a competent Sum of Money for the providing and maintaining the Docks and Works already made; and for making and maintaining the Dockc, Feeders, Aqucdu£i6, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehouses, and all other Works intended to be made, not exceeding in the whole, in addition to the Sums already subscribed for, the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, except as herein after excepted; and the same shall be divided into One thousand three hundred Shares, of One hundred Pounds each, and the said One thousand three hundred Share* shall be, and are hereby vested in the several Persons who have subscribed, or who shall subscribe for the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Adimniftraters, Successors and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Admixiiiiratora and Assigns, who are already possessed of, or who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Number of Shares atready possessed, or to be possessed by him or them, or the Money so by them respectively paid, of all the Profits and Advantages which Ihkll or may arise and accrue to the said Company, by reason of any Sums of Money to be received by the said Company, by the Authority of this Act, or otherwise, in respect of or for the Use of Docks, Ponds, Quays, Wharfs, or other Prcntifts belonging to the said Company.

v V. Provided

Joint Stock Company to be called the Cora-mercial Dock Company.

Company in* powered to make Ponds, Basons, &c.

Vessels laden with specinrd Articles, may unload at Dock*.

[Proviso.]

Company may raise a further Sum by new Sh.ires, not exceeding loO, OOOOl.

25 6

Monty to 1*c raised and already raised to form one Joint Capital $tock.

Frefem Sub-foril>rrs intitled to &il>fcribc for <»qual Number ol new Shares.

Joint Stock to be Pccfoual ElUte.

Proprietors not li: il)!e for more than Shares.

Directors to make Calls.

Penalty,

Forfeiture.

No Forfeiture without Notice.

In case of "Death Executor* to pay Calls.

C.ccviT. 5o* GEORGII III. A.D. 1816.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds allowed to be raised under this Act, upon One thousand three hundred Shares, and the Shares already created being One thousand three hundred, nt One hundred Pounds each, and making in the whole Two thousand six hundred Shares, at One hundred Pounds each, shall make one Joint Capital Stock of the said Company,

VI. Provided always, nevertheless, That all or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who, at the time of the creating or making the One thousand three hundred Shares hereby authorized to be subscribed for, shall be possessed of any of the Shares already subscribed for, shall be entitled, if they so please, to subscribe for any Number of the said One thousand three hundred new Shares, not exceeding the Number of old Shares of which he or they shall then be possessed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and of all other Persons of and in the said Dock or Docks, or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and distributable as such, and not in any respect of the Nature of Real Property.

VIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who is, are, or shall be Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company, or Contributors thereto, or his, her or their Real or Personal Estate, shall be charged with, or liable to any Debt or Demand what foe ver, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their Capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company; any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Directors elected or to be elected, for managing the Concerns of the said Company, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power from time to time to call for, audit and settle, without Prejudice however to such final or further Audit as the Proprietors of the said Company may direct or authorize to be made, all Accounts of Money laid out and disbursed for the Purpose of this Act, or the said Docks and Premises, and to make such Call or Calls of Money from the present or any future Proprietors or Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Amount of their respective Interests, Shares and Subscriptions already belonging to or subscribed for by, or hereafter tov belong to or be subscribed for by him or them for the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Docks and Works already made, or hereafter to be made, as by them the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall from time to time be deemed necessary for those Purposes, so that no Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for -every Hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums so subscribed, and so as no Call to that Amount be made but at the Interval of Two Calendar Months at the least from the preceding Call, which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such manner as the said Directors shall from time to time appoint or direct, for the Use of the said Docks and Premises, and the Owner or Owners of the Joint Stock thereof shall pay his, her or their Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such manner as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share, or Parts or Shares of the said Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Directors, then the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Share of his, her or their respective Subscription or Stock, or Part and interest therein; and in every such Case the said Dock Company are hereby empowered to fuc for and recover, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity (as the case may require), every or any fuc>i Part or Share, or any Part thereof, so neglected or refused to be paid, as also the said Penalty of Five Pound*; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share or Parts of Shares of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the time, or any of the respeCUve times appointed fqr Payment thereof as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the fame may be sued for and recovered by the said Dock Company as last hereinbefore is mentioned, or otherwise at the Option of the said Directors, or of any Five or more of them; the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, So neglecting to par the fame, shall forfeit all his, her or their respective Stock or Parts and Interests in the said Joint Stock and Premises, all which Forfeitures shall go to and be for the Benefit of the Rest of the Proprietors, their Successor8, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (holding for the Time Shares of the said Stock), in proportion to their respective Interests.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Stock, or any Part thereof, until Notice of such Forfeiture in Writing shall have been previously given or left by some Officer of the said Company, to or with the Owner or Owners of such Stock, or left at his, her or their usual or last known Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the said Company, to be held within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and in case' of such Forfeiture phe fame shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting all his or her Stock, Part and Interest as aforesaid, against all and every Action or Actions, Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract, or other Agreement, betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the Rest of the Proprietors in respect of all Matters and Things to which he or they were or was liable as Proprietor or Proprietors.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons subscribing or holding any Stock of the said Company shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been pnade, for the full Sum to be advanced

t9 on

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. ccvii.

on the Sum or Sums so already subscribed for or hereafter to be subscribed for, while he or they shall hare been possessed of or entitled to such Stock, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise, in Writing, how the Money shall be paid upon Calls for the future, then, and in every such Case, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners shall be chargeable in respect of such Calls, as for the Debts of the Testator or Inteilate, but not otherwise; and in case the Executors, Administrators, or Person or Persons Entitled to the Personal Estate, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of such Owner or Owners so deceased, on condition that he, she or they lo admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares of such Stock, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for, first deducting the Penalties that may have been incurred.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Proprietors of the said Joint Stock, his, her or their respective Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

J yf. 5. of in consideration of Form erf Transfe*

paid to me by of or Sa'.e.

do hereby bargain, fell, assign and transfer to the said

the Sum of Capital Stock,

t of and in the Commercial Dock, being Part (or the Whole, as the Case may he), of my Share in the said Dock, to bald to the said Executors, Administrators

and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof: And I, the said do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of

g subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Considerations. As Witness our Hands and Seals,

the Day of

And in every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the To be enure*.

Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or purchasers for his,

her or their Security, after the Solicitor or Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in

a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or endorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Transfer,

for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Solicitor or Clerk is hereby

required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memorial shall have been made and

entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said

Docks, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof,

as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Docks.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall have been made as aforesaid, After Cali n# no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she or they shall possess in the said Share to In* fold Docks, on Pain of forfeiting his, her or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of until Calls paid. Proprietors, in Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she or they, at the Time of such Penalty.

Sale and Transfer, shall have paid and discharged the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture, nevertheless, to be notified and declared at a General or Special Assembly in manner before directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the said Company, or the major Part of them. Powers of Gene-in General Court assembled, shall and may make, ordain and constitute such and so many Bye-Laws, Con- ral Court* ftitutions, Rules and Ordinances, as to them or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall seem

meet and convenient for the better governing, electing, appointing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said Company, and the Directors, Officers, Servants and Persons employed in and about the Affairs of the said Company, and to alter, change, revoke, repeal or make void the lame from time to time, and so often as they or the major Part of them so assembled, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and expedient, provided that such Bye-Laws, Constitutions, Rules and Ordinances be printed, and be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Ore ft Britain and Ireland called England, nor to any thing in this Act contained; but no Order, Bye-Law, Constitution, Rule or Ordinance so made,

shall he good and valid without being confirmed at a subsequent General Meeting of the said Company, Ordinary or Extraordinary, to be held as herein after mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the First General Court of the said Company shall be held at the First General House of the said Company, No. 2, in London Street, Fenchurch Street, in the City of London, on the First Meeting. Friday which shall ensue next after the Expiration of one Week, from and after the passing of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a General Court of the said Commercial Dock Company shall be Annual Genenl held at lead Twice in each and every Year, on the following Days, that is to say, on the Second Friday in Meeting. January, and the Second Friday in July in each and every Year.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if iny Six of more of the said Company, who shall feve- Proprietors may rally be Proprietors of Ten Shares or upwards of the said Stock, shall judge it necessary or expedient to have Notice

50 Geo. III. LI an hjveSpscirf

' w Meetings.

257

Power to fell Shires.

4j8 C.

ccvu.

50" GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Present Directors.

Quorum of Di-redtob.

To maintain and support Ducks already made, and to xhake other Docks, fee.

Enabling Com-p&uv to make another Entrance into the River Ti fames.

iNbt to deviate.

Trotlfo.

May take Water from the Thames to till Docks, fee.

Company tr pay City ol I^ndon a Sum of Money a Fine lor Liberty of^ut-tbi; into the Tiuuaz, fee.

an extraordinary General Meeting of the said Company called, and shall request the same to be called, by Notice in Writing under their respective Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Secretary, or any Director of the said Company for the time being, specifying in every such Notice the Business intended to be proceeded upon at such Meetings, the said Directors or any Three or more of them, shall, within Ten Days after the Delivery t>f such Notice, and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and directed and required to call such Extraordinary Meeting to assemble at such Time and Place within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient, within Ten Days from and after such Notice, and such Meeting shall be deemed a Publick One, and all Proceedings then duly had and confirmed by a subsequent Meeting, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be deemed as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been done at Meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.

XVI TI. And be it further enacted, That Sir Charles Price Baronet, William Adam, John AtterfM, John Saint Barbe, William Browning, Richard Harford, Perrot Fenton, William Franc, George Grote, Thomas Horn-eastle, Thomas Oom, William Toohe Robinson and Thomas Ritchie, shall be and continue Directors of the said Company, until the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, unless such Directors or either of them shall die, be removed by the Court of Proprietors, or otherwise, or dispose of his or their Shares in the said Stock, so as to reduce the fame under the Number of Ten, in any of which Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the said Company, ordinary or extraordinary, to nominate and appoint by Ballot a new, or other Dire£or, in the Room of such Director orv Directors so dying, being removed, or having disposed of his or their said Stock, for the Remainder of the Term which such* Director would have been in Office, and so from time to time as Occasion may require.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That not less than Five of the said Directors shall be a Quorum, capable of acting, and hereby empowered to act at the ordinary Meetings of the said Dine&ors, and that all Motiont and Questions which may be made and put at such Meetings, shall be decided by a Majority of the Directors present, and if the Numbers on each Side should happen to be equal, the Chairman of the Meeting shall in every Case give the calling Vote.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, or their Directors, Agents, Servants and Workmen, to maintain and improve the Docks and Works already made, and also to make, complete and maintain one or more additional Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and Entrance or Entrances, communicating with the River Thames, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called Trinity Street, and also at a certain other Place called Globe Stairs, provided that such last mentioned Entrance at Globe Stairs shall not be made without the Consent of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to make another Entrance into the River Thames, at any Point between Trinity Street and the East or lower Side of the Premises in the Possession of Messieurs Toung and Wallis, usually known by the Name of the Lavender Dockf and for that Purpose to cut through such Part of Rotherhithe Street as shall be necessary for the making such Entrance; and the said Company shall, in such Case, make a good and sufficient Bridge, and keep the fame in repair, as directed by this Act, and make good all such Parts of the said Street, or any Parts adjoining thereto, as shall be damaged in making such Entrance; provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to take any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of making such Entrance, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof in Writing first had and obtained.

XXII. And bait further enacted, That the said Company, in making these Docks and other Works, shall not deviate from or extend beyond the Line described in the said Map or Plan deposited in the Office of the

Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and in the said Schedule, marked A. hereunto annexed, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons whose Lands or Premises shall be wanted for their Puraofe; but it shall be lawful for the said Company, with such Consent, to purchase any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, although the same shall not be within the said Line, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the Whole, to be so purchased with such Consent as aforesaid; Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, to take or make use of, for the Purposes of this Act, any Houses, Gardens or Orchards, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, in Writing, first had and obtained; save and except the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to supply the Docks, Basons, and other Works already made, or hereafter to be made, or any of them, at all times hereafter, with Water from the River Thames, and all such Brooks, Springs, Rivulets, Rivers, Waters and Watercourses, as shall be found in the digging and making the said Docks or Basons, and other Works respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of I, ondon9 the Sum of Five Pounds and Five Shillings, as a Fine or Acknowledgment for the Liberty of cutting and digging the Bank and Shore of the River Thames at each of the Entrances to be irnde by virtue of this Act, and also pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, their Successors, Collectors or Assigns, for ever, an annual Rent or Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for continuing each and every such Entrance after the said Bank and Shore shall be cut and dug for the Purposes aforesaid; and such annual Sum is hereby charged upon and made payable by, and may be recovered

51* from

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. ccvii.

from the said Company, by Action of Debt, or On the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Benefit and Convenience of Commerce, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes and Parts adjoining, the said Company shall be compellable to make, let up, and maintain, in perpetual Repair, Bridges for the Use and Convenience of the Inhabitants and others, and for Carts, Carriages and Horses, in the Places or Lines following; that is to say, in the Line across the proposed Entrance from the River Thames into the Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, intended to be made and across the proposed Cut, from the Commercial Docks already made to the said intended Dock or Dock, Bason or Basons, Timber Pond or Timber Ponds, and they shall be compellable to make, set up and maintain, in perpetual Repair, all such Bridges as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power to alter the Road leading from Plough Bridge to Trinity Street, and also the Streets or Highways following; that is to say, Trinity Street, Queen Street, Rotherhithe, otherwise Rednffc Street, and Lavender Street; and all other Roads and Ways, it the same shall by them be deemed necessary to all or any of the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that such Alteration shall not vary the Direction of the Road or Street, and shall be approved of by the Trustees of the said Roads: Provided also, that no Alteration whatever be made in the Foot Way leading from Grove Street to Rujfcll Street.

f XXVII. And whereas, by reason of taking down Houses, and making Alterations in pursuance of this Act, there may be Deficiencies* in the Produce of the Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing,

watching, and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates, within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, < otherwise Redrijfc, in the County of Surrey Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company, from and after the passing of this Act, shall and will, for and during the Term of Three Years, or such other shorter time, within which the said several Works hereby directed to be made or done, by or on behalf of them, shall he completed, be subject and liable to make good to the same Parish, with and out of the Monies to anse and be received by them the said Company, under or by virtue of this Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money, which during such Term shall be deficient in respect of the Produce of the Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleanfiBg, watching and lighting, and Highway Rates and Poor's Rates, within the said Parish, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from or occasioned by the making of the said Docks, and other Works and Premisea which shall belong thereto, according to the Produce of such several Assessments and Rates respectively from the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, to the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and mall pay the same accordingly to the several Collectors of the said Taxes and Rates: Provided always, that when and so soon as after this Act shall be carried into Execution, the Produce or Payments for and in respect of the several Alfe(Tments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates, or any of them, of and for all and singular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, as for the time being shall be (landing upon or Part of the Lands, and other Hereditaments in the said Parish, which shall be purchased for making and using the said Docks, and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, shall raise a larger Sum of Money at the fame Rate per Pound than the Sum raised by the Assessments from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, to the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, of and for all and fiugular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, now situated in the said Parish, as shall be purchased for the fame last mentioned Purposes, that then the Surplus shall, in the first Place, be applied and paid to the said Company, towards re-imbursing them what they shall have paid for or in respect of the aforesaid Deficiencies in the Assessments for Land Tax, and paving, cleansing, watching and lighting, Highway Rates and Poor's Rates respectively, and so from time to time, when and as often as there shall be any Surplus, until the said Company shall be wholly re.imbursed and repaid all Monies which they shall have didmrfed to make good such Deficiencies.

XXVIII. And whereas certain Parts of the Ground of several of the Streets and other Passages and

Places, within the said Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe otherwise Redrtffe, and described to be within the Limits of the said intended Docks, have been purchased and paved under the Directions of a certain Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, yin rift for better paving,

cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Turds, Courts, Alleys and Passages within the Parish of

Saint Mary at Rotherhithe otherwise RedrifFe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing f Nuisances and Annoyances therein, at a very considerable Expence, which was defrayed as well by Money

borrowed on Life Annuities as at Interest; and if such Parts of the Ground of such Streets, Lanes, Yards,

Courts, Alleys and Passages, were taken away and destroyed, the Securities of the said Annuitants and«Bond Creditors would be much lessened and weakened* Be it therefore enacted, That for all such Parts of the said Parishes of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, otherwise Redrijfe, and Places adjacent thereto, as have been purchased or paved under the Authority of the said Act, and within the Limits proposed for the said Docks, the said Company shall, on their requiring Possession of any such Parts of the Ground of such Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages or Places, for the Purposes of the said intended Docks, pay or cause to be paid to the Commissioners appointed under and by virtue of the said last-mentioned paving Act, the Value as well of all such Ground so purchased by the said Commissioners for making the said Streets, as also of the Foot Pavement, Stones, Pebbles and other Materials, which were used by the said Commissioners in and about paving such Streets, Passages or Places as aforesaid.

XXIX. And whereas it may become necessary for the said Dock Company to take up the present Pavement in different Parts of the said Parish of Rotherhithe, in order, by raising the Ground, to form inclined

L 1 2*Planes

259

To make Bridges;

Roads and Streets altered

For mating up* Deficiency in Rates «; t Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe.-

Company to make Compensation to Commissioners for executing the Paving Act of 23 G. 3. c. 31. for Loss of Ground, &c.

26o

Company to jepiive Streets, in case they shall take up any of the Pavemeutt, &c,

Swing Bridges to be made over Cut* connecting Docks with River Thames.

This Act not to alter the Powers of S3 G. 3. c. 31.

No Bridge to be made, or Road broken up, till another Road made by the Company.

Temporary Roads to be kept in Repair till Bridges completed.

Manner of building Bridges.

Provifcr.

On Neglect by Company* Repairs to be done by Trustees, Commissionera, or Surveyon of Roads and Highways.

C.ccvii. 50" GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Planes for the Purpose of enabling Carts, Carnages and Passengers, to pass over the Sluiqes or Cuts proposed

to be made, to conned the said intended Docks with the River Thames; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That in case the said Dock Company shall at any time or times after the passing of this Act take up any of the Pavement in the said Parish of Rotherhithe, the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Passages, where such Pavement shall have been taken up shall be paved again in a Workmanlike Manner, at the Expence, Costs and Charges of the said Dock Company; and as to the Pavement which shall be laid by the said Dock Company on the said inclined Planes, or any other newly made Ground, the same shall be kept in Repair by the said Dock Company, at their own Costs and Charges, for the Space of Three Yearb from the time of the making or laying of Inch Pavement.

XXX. And whereas it is expedient that the Trade and Business of the Inhabitants of the Parish of

Rotherhithe should be interrupted or delayed as little as may be; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Dock Company shall construd or make one Swing Bridge over every Cut or Sluice to, be made for conneding the said Docks with the River Thames, and one Platform, Bridge or Footway over each Dockgate, at every such Cut or Sluice, and that either the said Swing Bridge, or One of the said Platform-Bridges, or Footways, shall be kept (hut for the Passage of Carts, Carriages or Passengers, (unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to keep open all the said Bridges) and that the inclined Planes leading to the said Swing Bridges shall not be steeper than at the Rate of Eighteen Feet for every Foot of perpendicular Height.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, lessen or vary the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Passages within the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe other wise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before any Bridge or Bridges shall be made, or any Road or Highway shall be cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purposes of this Act, the said Company shall, and they are hereby required in lieu thereof, at their proper Costs and Charges, to set out, make and properly secure and finish, to the Satisfaction of the Trusteesor Surveyors of the Road or Highway, Roads or Highways respectively to be cut into, broken up or altered, a good Road or Way, safe, fit and convenient for all Persons, Horses and Carriages, to go, pass and repass over the fame, to and from the remaining Parts of the said Road or Highway, Roads or Highways so to be cut into, broken up or altered, proper Drains for carrying off the Water from the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any and every Road or Way to be made for the Passage of Travellers, during the time of building any and every Bridge, shall be kept and maintained by the said Company in good State and Condition, until any and every such Bridge shall be completely (inished, and until the Trustees or Five or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways respectively, of any Road, Street or Highway to be cut into, broken up or altered, for the Purpose of building such Bridge or Bridges, shall certify that the said Bridge or Bridges, with the Road or Roads over the fame, shall be iafe, fit and convenient for the passing and repassing of Persons, Horses and Carriages.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Bridge to be built by virtue of this Act over any of the Publick Roads, under the Management of the said Trustees, shall be built of Stone or Bricks, with good and found Materials, and that the Roadway over the same shall be of the Width of Twenty fix Feet in the Clear at the lead, and that the Roadways to the Centre of such Bridge shall be made with regular and gradual Ascents of One Foot in the Length of every Thirty Feet, or of such other regular and gradual Afccnts as shall be directed or required by the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, of ar.y and every Road or Highway on or over which such Bridge or Bridges shall be made or adjoin; and the said Roadways, Paths or Causeways, on every such Bridge, shall be supported, and the Passage over th* fame secured and maintained by proper Embankments faced with Stone or Bricks, or by Posts and Rails, and each Side of the Surface thereof, by and at the Expence of the said Company, and to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees 5 and from and after any such Bridge shall be so erected, the fame, and all and every the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Copiugi, Posts, Rails, and other Fences thereto belonging, shall, at all times for ever thereafter, be repaired and kept in good State and Condition by and at the Coils and Charges of the said Company, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees, Commissioners or Surveyors aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to oblige or compel the said Company to maintain and keep in Repair the Surface of the Road over any such Bndge from and after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next following the Day on which the Passage over the said Bridge and Road shall be certified by the said Trustees, or any Five of them, to be safe, fit and convenient for the passing and repassing of Persons, Horses and Carriages.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company, or their Successors for the time being, shall at any time neglect to make or secure such Way or Passage as aforesaid, before and during the building of any such Bridge and Bridges, or to repair, support and maintain such Bridge and Bridges, and the Piers, Walls, Abutments, Banks, Copings, Posts, Rails or Fences thereof, or any of them, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice reauiring the fame, in Writing, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees before mentioned, shall be given or left for the said Company at the House, Lodge or Office of the said Company, or given to the Treasurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the said Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or Surveyors respectively, to cause such Ways or Passage, Bridge or Bridges, and the Piers, Wills, Abutments, Banks, Copings, Posts, Rails, and other Fences, to be made, secured, repaired and amended, as the Case may require, and the Charges and Expences thereof, together with a further Sum of One Penny for every Penny laid out and expended thereabouts, shall

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III.

C. ccvii. 261

be paid by the said Company torthe said Trustees or Surveyors respe6Uvely, causing the said Works to be done j: and in case the said Company shall neglect to pay what shall be so paid, laid out and expended, together with the Sum on which One Penny for every Penny expended, laid out or incurred, shall amount unto, within Fourteen Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the House, Lodge or Office of the said Company, or given to the Treasurer, Secretary, Surveyor or other Chief Officer of the said Company, or left for him or them at his or any of their Dwelling Houses, or Place or Places of Abode, which Notice shall be in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Surveyor, or by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, it ihal and may be lawful to and for any Five or more of the said Trustees for the time being, or the Surveyor or Surveyors before mentioned, as the Case may require, in their Names, and they aie hereby respectively authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, against the said Company for the Recovery thereof, and therein to recover such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be so laid out, expended or incurred, together with One Penny for every Penny on the Amount thereof, and full Costs of Suit, m which Action no Eftbin, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to cause all or any Sewers or Drains, which shall lie and be in or near the intended Docks or other Works which shall belong thereto, to be arched over, filled or stopped up, widened or otherwise altered, as they shall think necessary for making and completing the said Docks and other Works, so as the said Company do and shall previous thereto make and conflrull, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and construct, in lieu of the Sewerr and Drains so to be filled and stopped up, other good Sewers and Drains of sufficient Depth and Width for carrying off the Water from the Lands and Premises adjoining or near to the said Works, and as serviceable and convenient in all respects as the Sewers or Drains so to be filled or stopped up, and so as that all such widening, altering and constructing of Sewer6 and Drains by them as aforesaid, shall be done under the immediate Inspection and Direction, and to the Satisfaction of His Majesty's Justices and Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits, extending from EtiJl Mouldfey in the County of Surrey to Ravensborne in the County of Kent; and all such new Sewers and Drains shall, immediately on their being made, become veiled in, and be and remain under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Sewers. 1

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Company of Proprietors shall deem it necessary to arch over, fill, or flop up, widen or otherwise alter any Sewer or Drain in or near the said intended Docks, Notice in Writing thereof, signed by the Secretary, Clerk or Surveyor to the said Company, shall be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, specifying the Work deemed necessary to be done, and on Receipt thereof the said Clerk shall and he is hereby required to convene a Meeting of the said Commissioners, or any Six or more of them, within Fourteen Days after such Notice, to view the Sewer or Drain so deemed necessary to be arched over, filled or stopped up, widened or altered; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to view the said Premises, and thereon or within Twenty Days thereafter, to make such Order and Direction for the arching over, filling or flopping up, widening or altering any such Sewer or Drain, or in lieu thereof, for the making, constructing or forming any other Sewer or Drain, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet and requisite; and alter such Order and Direction shall be made, and Payment of the Charges and Expences attending the fame, and of such View and Survey, and after the making of such new Sewer or Drain, in the case of filling or flopping up any present Sewer or Drain, but not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to cause the Sewer or Drain, Sewers or Drains, mentioned and specified in the said Notice to be arched over, filled or stopped up, widened or altered, as the Case shall require, according to the Order and Directien of the said Commissioners in that behalf made, and not otherwise.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Slip or Slips, Diy Dock, Graving Dock-way, or other Place for the building, heaving down, or repairing of Ships or other Vessels, shall at any time hereafter be made or built, or permitted or suffered to be made or built within the Wails surrounding any of the said Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Basons or Entrances which shall belong thereto, nor shall any Communication at any time hereafter be made into the said Commercial Dock, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, (graving Dock-way, r other Place, for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Vessels, which hereafter may be adjoining to the said Commercial Docks, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto; nor shall the said Commercial Dock Company at any time or times hereafter carry on, or be otherwise concerned in the Trade or Business of building or repairing the Hulls or Mails of Ships or Vessels for Hire or Pfofit: Pro-Tided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or hinder the said Company from letting or demifing the Ship Yard and Premises belonging to them, and now in the Occupation of Daniel Brent Esquire, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or from permitting or allowing Docks, Slips and Communications to be made upon or from the Ship Yards, Land and Premises near the said Commercial Dock, and already established or uled as a Dock Yard or Dock Yards, or any way connected therewith.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, by and with the Content of the major Part of the Proprietors of the said Docks and Premises, present at any General Meeting or General Meetings assembled for the Purpose, from time to time, shall have full Power and Authority, for all or any the Purposes aforesaid, to contract and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of what Nature or Rind soever, in or near the Parish aforesaid, within the Limits in the Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey*, and specified in the Schedule

marked

Company empowered to arch over and make new Sewers.

Notice to Commissionera of Sewers of Intention to arch over or make new Sewers.

No Dry or Graving Decks to be made within the Walts-surrounding the Docks.

Power to purchase Lands, Stew. and to treat*

262

C. ccvii.

limitation for IWer for Five Years.

to contrail with Joseph Moore for the Purchase of certain Lands, &. c.

Incapacitated lVrfons, and Bonirs ( or-porate, &c. authorized to sell and convey.

Com pn1 fion to fell; and Satisfaction to he ir.au'e for Lauds, &c. purchased.

Jury.

C G. 2. c. 25.

Cliallengt,

5'o° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

marked (A.) liercunto annexed* as they shall judge necessary, to purchase, employ* pull down, remove, alter or make use of, in and about the Works and Concerns of the said Docks, Basons, Ponds, Entrance or Entrances, Communications or Inlets, Cuts or Quays, or any of them, or for the Purpose of eularging or improving the same.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall not, within the Space of Fire Years next after the passing of this Act, agree for or cause to be valued, as hereafter is mentioned, and purchase the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which they are hereby empowered to purchase as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth all the Powers to them hereby granted for such Purpose ouly, shall cease, determine and be utterly void, and of none effect, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietors of the said Docks, at any General Court or Courts of the Proprietors to be held within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree with Jnfeph Moore of Dorkings in the County of Surrey, the Owner of certain Lands in the County of Surrey lying near to the said Docks, for the Purchase of the said Lands, not exceeding in the whole Forty five Acres, and which are comprised in the said Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Contract shall be valid, unless the same shall be duly entered into at One General Court of the said Proprietors, and confirmed at another General Court, to be holden at the Distance of Seven Days from such First General Court; and unless Notice of holding such General Courts shall be given at least Ten Days previously to such First Court, by publick Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Four of the London Newspapers, and which Notice shall specify and set forth the Object for which such General Courts are to be held.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Col- legiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or others having a partial or qualified Interestor Estate in any Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Husbands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Chanties or other Purposes, Committees, Executors or^Administrators, and all other Person* whatsoever, not only on Behalf of themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Successors, but also on Behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder, expt&ant oa an Estate Tail, and on Behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder expedant on an Estate for Life, or other less Estate, or by way of Executive Devise, in case such Person shall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on Behalf of their respective Wives and Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatic*, Idiots, Femes Covert, or others, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are and shall be fsifed of or interested in any such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Company, or with the said Directors, or any Five nr more of them as aforesaid, for the absolute Sale, and to sell and convey to them all such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall be adjudged necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Leases, Conveyances and other Assurances, which shall be bona fide made for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 all which Contracts, Agreements, Leases, Sales, or Conveyances and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, which said Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be kept by the Clerk or Solicitor to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from time to time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons interested therein, and requiring the fame, at the Expence of the Person or Persons so requiring the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons seised or possefiedof or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fes aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the said Director3, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premisea they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Bailiff of the County, City, Division or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly, to im-pannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons, qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty, nor more than Seventy two, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person, to be by the said Directors appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster % are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the belter Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn, which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the same County, or at some Adjournment thereof, to be holden within the Borough of Southwark, or within Twelve Miles thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General Quarter-Sessions, or Adjournment, from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court, and all Persons concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and impowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every

A.D. 1810.

509 GEORGII III.

C. ccvii.

263

Witnesses examined.

Adjournment,

&o.

every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, touching or concerning the Premisea; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have full Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and command such Jury, Witness, and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for w'hich they were summoned shall be concluded, and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths or Affirmations of such Persons or Person as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall esquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estate and Interests of all and every Person and Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interfiled therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess or award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Parties or Party respectively, for tht Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for Good-Will, Improvements, or any Injury or Damage that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leasehold or Tenant at Will, provided that such Good-Will shall be estimated by what, in the Opinion of such Jury, the fame would have been worth, in case the Improvements intended by this A A had not been in Contemplation; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed, which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Noticem Persons ir.terested, or claiming so to be, at lead Fourteen Days before the time of the Meeting of the said P«ni Justices as aforesaid) and the Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued, shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons claiming any Estater Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in to or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, as well Infants, issue unborn, Lunal-tics. Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Cestuique Trusts, their, his, and her Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments, Determinations and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Junes (o to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being, of the County, City, Division, District or Liberty, wherein the Premises. shall respectively lie or be 5 and in case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be act*efled, in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as such proportionable Value as aforesaid, and as the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage sustained as before mentioned respectively,

[Proviso.]

shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Directors, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence and Satisfaction, then, and in every such Case, all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompence to be assessed and awarded, as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possessed of, orinterested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively 5 and the said Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to de-dud and retain the Costs, Charges and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof; and in case the Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid shall exceed the Sum or Sums of Money offered by the said Directors, then such Costs as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Directors out of the Funds of the said Company: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating respecting such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Whole of such Costs, Charges and Expences shall be borne and-paid by the said Company in manner aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on such Sheriff or Bailiffs, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries and shall not appear, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or, attending, shall refuse to be sworn or afHtm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, ?T, >W Fines to be by order of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with the levied, reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices signed by the Clerk for the time being, of the County,

City, Division, District or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall lie or be, as the case shall require, (lull, respectively, be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every such other Person acting, or aiding and assisting therein, to make such Distress and Sale, and all such Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer or Banker of the said Dock Company for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act#

Fir.ci on Sheriff and ciln r Person not obeying.

le

A.D. 1810.

264 C.ccvii. 5o° GEORGII III.

Bargain and Safcf inrolled to be a* effactual as Recoveries.

Estates purchased to vest abfohiteJy in the Company.

Application of; Compensation Money where exceeding 200l.

Applicationhere Coon pen-fation Money does not exceed 9001.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estates or Interests of any Feme Covert, to the said Directors or their Successors, or any Person or Persons inTruft for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Coverts, in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof ia due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Directors or their Successom, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Reco. very or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in the Premises, in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers in any Manner or Form whatsoever.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or assessccl to be paid to the Party or Parties entitled thereto, or upon depositing the fame in the Bank of England, in manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, the several Housee, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall have been so paid, tendered or deposited, as aforesaid, shall vest in the Directors of the said Company, in manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Inlerelts, Claims and Demands whatsoever,

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Intereflrof what Nature or Kind ioever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commercial Dock Company, together with the Names of such Person or Persons as Five or more of the said Directors shall, by Writing signed b) them, direct and appoint, to the intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents and Purposes; or whecc such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, t aken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid by order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Interest, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee os Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name ana with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and to be placed to his Account aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Directors, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

C. ccvir.

A.D. 181d. 50° GEORGII III.

265

5CLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be Application paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall beh-re Money applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Ie*fctl*n 20'Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Att9 in such manner at the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to or for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money ln cife of rot shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a gcod Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the makinc; "it said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or Titles, &c. in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not know'n or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money assessed and awarded for any such Purchase, or in recompence for any Damage as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the*

Credit of the Parties interested in the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (describing them) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, upon the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise at to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and ti> order Distibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable: and the Cashier or Cashier? of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of Where any any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- loueW^Title t«*' countant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- >um«7tobe)«Hl, ments or Hereditaments, oranyEstate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be Person in Posscf-

£urchafed in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the (* deemed in-

dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of tided.

such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court;and the Dividends and Interval of the said Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That w here by reason of any Difabtlityor Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to lie settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it (halfbe lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchase* from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Leflec fora Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the said Lands and Premises than as Tenants at Will, or Lefleefor a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Directors, or any five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from, the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or from the Person or Persons authorized by them 5 and such Person or Persons shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, (whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, ) or so soon after as he, she or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or to the Person or Persons authorised to take Possession thereof 5 and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Directors to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County or City wherein the said Premises shall or may be situated, to deliver Pot-session of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff or Sheriffs is and are hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly, 50 Geo. III. Mm and.

Conrt may order rrtfoiuible Expence* t<f Purchaser* to jiaid bjXTo* panj.

T-ntno at Wilt to deliver PosscA-sum ou

Mon flu Motif*.

2 66 C. ccviu

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1S'io.

In <r*fe Tenants at Will or f.»et-fres of Hotifcs or Lands required to give tip their Intend! therein*

Company to make Compeiifotion.

JV'srtgapee* on

Tetider of Prin-eijial and Interest W couvey.

Company not to p^fMbrtgBgees roote titan real Ifclue of P>c-

TTpon Payment of Principal and Interest into the Bank,

PremiCr* to rest aCoaapaay.

Cofnpany not to take more than '1 hret Quarters of an Acre of a Field belonging k>E.G» Bamar<i

Entrance* from the Thames not to he within 400 1 eet of certain Preoufe*.

Provilbfor laving Rights of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal.

41 G. ft. (U.KO

and to levy such Coffs as (Rail accrue from the issuing aftd Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the R; rfoti or Persons so refuting to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distrefa and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be a Tenant or Tenantsat Will, or a Lessee or Lessees of any such Housea, Buildings, Laud*, Tenements-or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be required to give up his, her or their Right or Interest in the lame, before the Expiration of the Term he, she or they shall have therein, then, and in fqch Case, the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to make Satisfaction and Compensation for such Right or Interest To given up. And in case the said Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or LefiTefcs, and the said Company cannot agree as to the Amount of such Satisfaction and Compensation as aforesaid, then the same shall be inquired into, and ascertained by a Jury, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and directed with respect to the disputed Value of Premises wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall hare any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, Buildings, .Lindsnd Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on Tender of the principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Irtfereft on the said Principal by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, or in caie such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice, in Writing, from the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay and discharge the said principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving Inch Nohce, that' then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the said Premises to the said Directors, of any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid oh such Tendee or Payment, that then all Interest on every inch Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That incase the Surt due upon such Mortgage or Mortw gages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to he ascertained as direde<l by this Act, then the said Company shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than such real vakre of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid, and on Payment or Tender thereof the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or such Pdfons as shall be by them appointed, shall be entitled to the Right and Interest of such Mortgages respectively.

LVfl. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the principal Money and Interest due on any* Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Three Calendar Months, from; the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagee* the Cashier out Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, m like manner as is hereinbefore directed in Cases ofcbther Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, life* Trust, ^Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Directors or the said Company, and they (balk be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Ln- tents and Purposes whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be. deemed or con ft rued to» extend to authorise and empower the said. Company to take more than Three Quarters of an Acre of a certain* Field belonging to Edward George Barnard, situate in the said Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, and near* or adjoining to the Dock.yard there, the said Three Quarters of an Acre to be taken at the West End of the: said Field, and to beset off in such way, that the extreme Breadth of the* South. End thereof, measured along* the Ditch which divides the said Field from the Road, shall not exceed Eighty Feet, and that the Boundary* from North to South (Hall be in a straight Line.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construedfc to extend to authorise the said Company or their Workmen in making any Entrance or Entrances from the River Thames to their said Dock or Docks, to come within the Distance of Two hundred Feet from the Houses and Land now belonging to and in the Occupation of Snfannah Northcoie and William Northcote, bounded by the said River Thames on the North, and intermixed with, and bounded by Premises belonging to Loid>' Carteret and others on the East, South and West Sides, unless the said Company shall have previously put*, chafed the said Hdufes and Lands, and paid the Purchase Money for the same.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-ftmed to extend, to injure, or in any wise affect the Right of the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal* to make and ered a Bason, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Conveniences for the Use of the Trade of the-Croydon Canal, on the East Side of the Grand Surrey Canal, and on the South Side of the Dock or Bason be — longing to the Grand Surrey Canal Company, at Rotherhithe aforesaid, or in any other respect to abridge or- affect the Powers contained in an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, jin JUt for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Croydon in the Countjr* e/*Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey^and/or* /applying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham ami Dulwich, and the DiJlriS called Norwood, in the Parish ofi Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent* with Water front-the said Canal: Provided nevertheless, that the Land to be made use of for the said Bason* Wharfs, Ware-houses, and other Conveniences, so to be made and erected by the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon?

Canal*

A.D. 1810.

50 GEORGII IIt

C. ccvii. 267

Canal, shall not exceed One Acre and an Half, and that the extreme Depth theteof, from the Grand Surrey Canal Eastward, shall not exceed One hundred and ninety Feet, nor the Average Depth One hundred and sixty five Feet, and that the Northern Extremity of the said Bason shall not be formed at a greater Distance than One hundred Yards from the Bason of the Grand Surrey Canal.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice or affect any of the Rights or Privileges of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, granted to them by an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkin fun's Gun Whart, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the said County, and also divers collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent; and also by another passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better enabling toe Company of Proprietors of the Grand Sumy Canal to complete the same; and also by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Aa A8 to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canaly to supply with Water the several Towns, Dislrids and Places therein mentioned, and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Canal,

LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained (halt extend, or be construed to extend, to injure or prejudice the Rights or Powers of the Thames Archway Company, established by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames, from the Parish of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the County of Middlesex.

LXIII. And whereas, in purfuartce of the Provisions of this Act, and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments, which may be affected by the making of the said Docks and other Works, the said Company may purchase Lands, Buildings and other Hereditaments not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company by Indenture, to grant and convey by way of absolute Sale for a Consideration in Money, such Part or Parts of the Lands or Buildings which shall be so purchased by, and conveyed to them as aforesaid, as shallt not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and the Conveyances from the said Company shall be valid and effectual ftny thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.; and that - upon. Payment of the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Buildings or ouier Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time be* ing to the said Company to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money, for which such Lands*, Buildings or Hereditaments shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company, before tnev shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, or who would have been then entitled thereto, in case such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments had not been purchased by the skid Compauv, the Price at which the same shall be refold, being adjusted and settled by a Jury, in likemannet as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is hereinbefore directed to be settled in case of Difference or Dispute as to thfc Value thereof, and if such Person or Persons shall not agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons not interestedin the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peac£ for the said County of Surrey, Sating that such Offer was made by or on behalf of the said Company, and that such Person or Persons did not agree, or refused to purchase such Lands, Buildings or other Hereditaments, as the case may be, and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to or refused.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give faKje Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, or where apy Oath is required, shall (wear falsely, or being a Quaker shall falsely affirm, shall be subject to such Penalties and Disqualihcations as Persons guilty of wilful ana corrupt Perjury.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to demand and take, and they are hereby restrained from demanding and taking any greater Sums of Money for the Dockage of Ships and Vessels, and for the receiving, warenoufing and storing of Timber, Wood and other Merchandize, than are mentioned and specified in the Schedule (marked B.) hereunto annexed; nor shall it be lawful for their, to demand, or take for any other Advantage or Accommodation, Matter or Thing not therein specified to be afforded to, or done for or in respect of any Ships or Vessels which shall go into or out of the said Docks, Basons or Ponds, or any of them, for or in respect of any Timber, Wood or other Merchandize, which shall be received, warehoused % or stored therein or thereupon, or in or upon any of the Premises belonging to the said Commercial fX»ck Company, any greater Sum of Money than within Twelve Months next oefore the passing of this Act shall have been usually charged for the fame or the like Accommodation, Advantage, Matter or Thing within such .Part of the Port of London as is situate between Westminster and Greenwich Hospital.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commercial Dock Company shall have full Pow£r and Authority, by their Servants, Agents and Workmen* tobyild proper Premises on the said River, wkhin the Limits aforesaid, for the Entrance of Stops into or ourof the fcdd Docks, fb that the said Premises do not


Pronfo for Privi-legos of Grand Surrey Canal Company.

41 G. a. (U.K.)

47 G. 3. Sess. ft. c. lux.

48 G; 3. f.xcix*

Prorifo 6nr Thames Archway Company.

45 G.a. c.nvli.

Power to fell Ijand not wanted for the Purpose of this ASU

Perjury.

Company not t& take more Rates for Dockage and doring than mentioned in Schedule (B»)

Power to tmbcf*Entrance# and wteprn Bed mt the River to admit Shift, &€»

268

C.ccvii.

5o° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18ro,

Vower to make Slukxs.

Empowered to brin£ Actions, awl prefer Intuit went*.

IndS&meM for Property of Per-fotis ufiugDocks, in Name of Com* t*'7-

Breaking Lamps,

k,

F«*a!f>

PtuitfhmeRfc

To appoHit a I)6tk Maker.

project more than Ten Feet fresh the present Line of Wharfage, so as to do no Injury to the Navigation of> the said River: and also to enter on and deepen and scour out the Beach and Bed of the River Thames, and for ever after maintaining and preserving the said Premises, and the Deptli so made from the Docks or other Works, at the Entrance or Entrances from the River to the said Docks, so as to admit Vessels navigating or, entering into the said Docks, Basons and Premises from the said River Thames^ with the fame, or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Docks or Entrances to the said Docks.;

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may likewise cause to be made and provided, such Sluices, Bridges, Roads and other Works, Requisites, Matters and Things, on, in and leading to, or communicating with the said Docks, or either of them, and other Works, as they shall from time, to time judge necessary for the more convenient Use thereof, and of the Wharfs and other Works appertaining thereto; and the said Company shall, from time to time, out of the Monies to be received from the said Propn-etors, or by virtue of this Act, and at ail times and hereafter well and sufficiently repair, amend, support and cleause the said Docks, and the Quays or Wharfs, Cuts, and all other the Works, Roads, Matters and Things, by them already made, or to be made, built and provided, by virtue of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, already belonging to the said Company, or to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and all Buildings, Erections and^ other Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all Basons or Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Buildings and requisite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things which shall be ( made, built, provided or established, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Company and their Successors; and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and empowered to commence and defend all Actions and Suits wherein they are or shall be concerned or interested, by and in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Company for the time being, and also to prefer any Indictment or Indidraents, Information or Informations, against any Person or Persons for any Offence committed against the said Company, in any Matter or Thing relating to the said Company, or as to any Goods, Chattels or Property of or belonging to the said Company, either as to their Docks, Wharfs, Waterworks or any Part of their Premises, or otherwise, or in relation to any Ship, Vessels, Goods, Chattels or Property in thei^ Custody j and the Name of such Treasurer shall and may be tiled in all such Actions, Suits, Indictments and Informations, and in all other legal Proceedings, as to any such Matters, Things, Goods, Chattels or Property as and for the said Company; and the Death of such Treasurer, or the Resignation or other Act of any such Tret- surer, shall not abate any such Suit or Infor mation.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commercial Dock Company, ' and they are hereby empowered to prefer any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons feloniously taking, dealing or embezzling any Goods, Chattels or Property of, or belonging to the said Company, or any Goods, Chattels or Property in their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Pofll fiion of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any other Person having deposited such Goods, Chattels or Property, in the Care or Custody of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, or in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premises belonging to the said Company, and in all such Indictments, such Goods, Chattels and Property may be laid and dated to be the Goods, Chattels and Property of the said Commercial Dock Company, and that the fame were feloniously stolen or embezzled from the said Commercial Dock Company; and it shall be sufficient, on any such Indictment, to prove that such Goods, Chattels and Property, were, at the time of the feloniously taking or dealing, or embezzling thereof, in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premises, belonging to the said Company, or in the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for or on behalf of the said Company, or of any Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politick, having deposited the fame with the said Company, without any other Proof of Property.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall deal, take away, break, demoliffi or throw down, any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Posts, which the said Company shall or may set up near unto and about the said Dock or Docks, and other Works, or any of the Premises belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully extinguiflt the Light within the same Lamp or Lamps, or damage the Iron or other Furniture thereof, it shall he lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and also for any other Person to assist when called upon, to arrest the Offender or Offenders, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer in order to be conveyed before a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and that such Justice or Justices shall proceed to examine upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear to give any Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to administer) and that if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by Confession, or by the Tertimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, he, she or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Lamp, Lamp Iron or Post, or other Furniture, so broke, thrown down or damaged, or for every Light extinguished; and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Managers, and to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the Lme for the Damage so done; and that in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay the Forfeiture assessed, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required to commit him, her or them to the House of Correction, for any time not exceeding Oue Calendar Month.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Dock-master or Dock-waders, and to femove, suspend

of

50° GEORGII III.

C. ccviL 269

Autfcffity, &c.of Dock Mailer.

Owner, &c., riif* otieyini; , as to Mooring Ac.

Ftnafty;

OWlmfling Mooring, &c. Penalty.

Ship* not to lay within the Di fiance of IOO Yards from th* Entrance.

Vessels obfWbing Entrance

[Penalty.]

or dismiss the feme, which fak) Dock-matter or Dock-matters shall have full Power and Authority to direct the spooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all Ships and Vessels, Lighters and Craft, entering into, lying or being in the said Dock or Docks, or either of them, either as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of the fame, and their Postion, loading and discharging therein, and the tfyne or times of opening or (hutting the several Gates thereof 5 and in case the Owner, Mailer, Pilot, Servant or other Person having the Care of any Ship or Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move or remove the same to such Direction, within Two Hours after Notice to him or them'given in Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, then that it shall be lawful for the said Dock-matter or Dock-matters, or his or their Assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required' to moor, unmoor, move or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Offence, by the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, by such ways and means a« Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act to be recovered; and in case any such Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons whomsoever,

shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or Vessel, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after declared.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel or Vessels shall be moored or anchored within the Distance of One hundred Yards of the Entrances of the said Docks, so that at all times the Entrance may be kept clear, and without Obstruction; and over this Space the Dock-matter shall have Controul, so far as relates to the transporting Ships and Vessels coming in or going out of the Dock 5 any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit any Ship or Vessel laying at or alongside any adjoining Wharf in such manner as by Law before the passing of this Act such Ship or Vessel might have done.

LXXIII. And, for the better making and preserving a free and elear Passage and Entrance from the River Thames into and out of the said Docks for all Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges and Boats of every Description,

Be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Craft or Boat of any Description whatsoever,

shall be moored or anchored acro(6, in, or any way obstruct any of the Entrances or Passages into or from any of the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, except only such S!vps9 Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Craft and Boats of whatsoever Description, as shall have come out of, or are intended to go into the said Docks, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence* _ ,

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors* or any Entrances deep*-Five or more of them, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occasion shall require, well and enwh &c* sufficiently to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through, and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth*

Soil or Rubbish, in the said Docks, Works and 'Entrances already made, or intended to be made, in such manner as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall think, proper, for the Security, Entrance and Accommodation of Shipping in the fame; and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ship* or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions or other Impediments of the like Nature that may be found orarife therein; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Obstructions so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge* of removing the fame, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof, made by any Officer of the said Company, then the Owner or Owners of any such Wrecks of Shio* or Vessels* or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions or Impediments of the like-Nature, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company (exclusive of the Expences incurred by removing the fame) any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the same shall be recovered and-applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciouCv cut, break, or in any manner destroy any Rope or other Thing, by which any Ship or Vessel* lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons or Cuts, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Pi rtous shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXVI. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Docks or Batons or Cuts or other Works, Be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire,

Candle or Lamp, lighted on board any Ship or other Vessel within the same, at any time or times whatsoever* between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, nor at any time or times whatsoever between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year* after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, upon the Pain of forfeiting for every Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Oil, or othercombuttible To prevent Fire. Matter, shall at any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Vessel, Lighter, Craft or Boat, lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Dock, Premises or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such Manner as shall be appointed by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them for that Purpose 5 nor shall any Gunpowder or loaded Cannon whatever be brought into the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, or suffered to Remain on board any Ship or any other Vessel, upon Pain that every such Master, Commander or Owner of every Ship or Vessel so offending in Manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds*

LXXVIIL Audi

Obstru&k>Q re* moved.

[Penalty.]

Cutting Ropes*.

&e.

Penalty. Accidents by lire.

[Penalty.]

Penalty,

27C. ccvii.

SO* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

IVlaflers 4nd Owners of Shipsnfwenble for

for

Tithes;

Proviso for London, West and East IndiaDocks. <39 G. 3. c. btlx.

<39 & 40G.3. c. xlvii.

43 G. 3.C. <xxvL

Proviso for Trinity House.

Proviso for the Rights of His Majesty and Corporation of Lon*

Penalties.

Proviso for Rights of Fcliowship Poflers, &c.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mischief, that shall be* done by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or any of the 'Boatmen, Watermen or others, belonging to, employed in or about the fame, unto the Docks, Basons, Cuts, or unto any of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the said Docks, Cuts and Basons, of any of them, or any of the Trenches, Sluices and Passages, to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading* any Ship, BQat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands or Tenements, adjoining or lying near the fame, or any of them, by leaving open the Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trespass whatsoever, and the said Matter or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, ' anay be sued and prosecuted for the fame in any Court of Record; and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in such case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit; and in case the Matter or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass, by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass, tq such Matter or Owner 5 and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, the same shall be recovered by such Matter or Owner, in like manner as any Penalty is herein after directed to be recovered.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence, Satisfaction and Compensation, shall be made by the said Company, for all the Tithes, both great and small, of the Lands which mail or may be taken or made use of by the said Company, for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled, or who would have been entitled to such Tithes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tithes to be estimated at the* average Value of Three Years, commencing at the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, such average Value to be ascertained, in case of any Difference concerning the same, in like manner as the Valpe of the Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, are heretofore directed to be ascertained: PrQ-vided always, that tke Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act, for all Glebe Lands and Tithes belonging to spiritual Persons, shall be matte to such Persons by an Annual Rent.

LXXX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That-nothing in this present Act contained* shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect any of the Rights of the West India Dock Com-r pany, established by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious and better regulating the Port of London, or of the London Dock Company, established by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons % Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation anil Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London 5 or of the East India Dock Company, established by an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping tn the said Port.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to^extend, to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Matter, Warden and Aflittants of the Trinity House, Deptford Strond.

LXXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in th'13 A&contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, FranchiseB or Authority of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the Mayor and Commonalty* of the Citizens of the City of London, their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the time of making this Act His Majesty, or the Mayor ana Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City fqr the time being, as Conservator of the River of Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise; and further, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, in like manner as he hath used to do in other Cases, to inquire of, hear and determine, by Presentment or Indictment, taken before him as Conservator of the said River and Waters, all Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall be made as aforesaid, and upon Conviction of the Offender , or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted, or which shall be icfli&ed in and by the said Bye.Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for such Offence or Offences; but no Person shall be punished Twice for one and the fame Offence.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Deputies, Meters and Fellowship Porters, (otherwise Billingfgaic Porters) from exercising and enjoying within the said Wet Docks, and other Works already made, or to be made by virtue of this Act, the Right of Measurage and Porterage of all Coals, Corn, Grain and Seed of what Kind soever, and of Salt, and Fruit, and of all other Merchandizes measurable, or to be measured, at the Rates and Prices as regulated and settled, or to be regulated and settled, by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in such and the same manner in every respect as they now and heretofore havq enjoyed such Right of Measurage and Porterage in any Part of the Port of London.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

2 construetd

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. ccviL 2ji

tonftrued to-extend, to prohibit* 4alter or* dimlnish any Power, Authority or JuriGJiftion which at lWervin^ r©wr#>

the time of making this Act the Mayor, or Commonalty or Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord

Mayor of the said City for the time being, or his Deputy to the Exercise of guaging all Wines, Oil, Hooey, Dock* to*

and other guagable Merchandize, imported, or brought into the .laid Wet Docks already made or to be made city of Ixmdou.

by virtue of this Act, by the River of Thamee, or to be exported therefrom, nor to prejudice or derogate

born any other, the Rights, Privileges, Liberties, Tolls, Customs, Dues, Duties and Commodities of the

laid Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, but that the said Mayor for the time being, or

Jus Deputy, shall eiercile and enjoy the Rights of gauging within the said Wet Docks already made, or to

be made, as aforesaid, and upon the Banks, Wharfs, Quays and in the Warehouses thereto belonging, as

fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London

Sue entitled to have, exercise and enjoy the fame within the City of London, or the Port of the fame, and as if

he said Docks were actually situate within and Part of the City of London.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, snfli&ed by this Act, or Fine* tob« by any Rule or Bye-Law which shall hereafter be made in pursuance of this Act, may be levied and recovered levied, asjthin Six Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant t - bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Tirae-and Place in such Warrant specified; and in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conriftion of the Offended respectively, on his, her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or .!'*

Witnesses examined on Oath, .(which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to aduiinifter) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offeuderor Offenders, by.

Warrant under the Hand and-Seal, or Hands and vSeals of such Justice or Justices; and all Fines and Forfeitures, when recovered, go and be applied, one Half to him who will fueor inform, and the other Half fca the Use of the said Company, to be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer; and for Want of sufficient Distress and in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawfuL for such.

Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit eveij such Oftende to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any lime not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Tine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Re covery thereof, shall be sooner paid,

LXXXVI Ard be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Stuns of* Dfcfeft of Tonm Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums due, or to become due to the said Company for in nov

Ren for other Dues, the Distress of itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in Summons, Wt-Conriftion, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties di ft raining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio* on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Pterson or Perloqs aggrieved by fuchi Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfactic for the special Damage, in an Action upon the Case.

LXXXVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conriftion of Offenders against this Act, be it further Form of Cone enacted, That every Justice flf the Peace before whom any Person shall be oonrifted of any Offence against vi&oa. this Act, shall and may cause the Conriftion to be drawn up according to the following Form, ('vkhtkei, )

BE it remembered. That on the Day of^in the Year of our

1 Lord A.B. is con vifted before me C. D\ One of His MajestyV

Justices of the FVa£e for the County of (specifying the Offence, and the Time and Placet

as the case may be) contrary to an Act of Parliament* passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, Given*

under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year fifft mentioned/

LXXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, the said Company, their Pdirer t»enf*r> Deputies, Agents, Officers and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered, from and immediately into Laud*, Jtccw after thepamngoF this Act, to enter upon any Lands and Ground* whatsoever, for the Purpose of surveying* taking and levelling of, and marking out the Ground and Premises intended to be made ufo of for the Purpose of rqaking the said Dock or Docks; they, the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Officers and.

Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be, and giving Three Days Notice In Writing, signed by their.

Clerk, to the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, .Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds or Heredity ments, and making Satisfaction for all Damage that shall be done.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall'and7may make the Emsrin Schedule laid Dock or Docks, and the Roads and Bridges connected therewith, and take Possession, for the Purposes not toaffea th* of this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and described iia the Schedule to this Act annexed, notwithstanding the Name or Names-of any Person or Persons chafir* shall or may have been omitted or improperly mentioned or spelled in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or improper Description proceeded from Mistake.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously SettUnr Flirt©-demolish, break down, cut down or destroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship PiVmJe*.

or Vessel lying in the said Docks, Cuts, Bason or Basons, then every such Offender or Offenders, being con-

rifted thereof, shall fnffer Punishment, by Fine, Imprisonment or Transportation, not exceeding Seven Years, Faaishment*

U the Dtfcrelion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted..-XCL Provided, always* and be it enacted, that i£ any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate

272 C. ccvii.

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Verfnns not rorn-prto fell Hurt ©I 1 heir iVmifr*.

f Sc.

[Proviso.]

Appeal.

Itangmzance#

Cirtiorcuu

Compensation maAc for Damages doi.e.

Claims for Damage to he mi Je within Two Monti is.

[General Issue.]

CoAa.

Pabitek Act.

Corporate or Collegiate, shall he applied to by or on the behalf of the said Company to treat for, fell, difpdfe of or convey, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Part or Parts of any House or Buildings, or any vacant Plot or Parcel of Land, in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, and shall, by Notice in Writing, to be left at the House of the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Directors, within Thirty Days next after such Applications shall be made in Writing, signify his or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of and convey the Whole of such House or Building, or of any such vacant Plot or Parcel of Lands, some Part whereof shall have been deemed necessary to be purchased for thfc Purposes of this Act, and it shall happen to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, f and it shall happen that the said Company and their said Directors shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the Whole of such House or Building, or of any such Plot or Parcel of Land, then, and in every such Case, nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend so as to compel the respective Person or Persons interfiled therein, to treat for, fell, dispose of or convey Part only, or less than the Whole, of every such House or Building, with the Offices, Curtilages, Yards and Passages adjoining and belonging thereto, or to sell or dispose of any such vacant Spot or Parcel of Land, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 8 Provided always, that nothing shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the said Company or their Directors, to purchase any more than One Acre of Land from any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so signifying his, her or their Desire not to sell or dispose of a Pait or Parts of such his, her or their vacant Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Land.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or therofelvet aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given, in pursuance of any Rule, printed Bye-Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then, and in that Case, he, she or they may, within Twelve Calendar Months next after thecauseof Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessions, to be holden in and for the County in which the cause of Appeal shall arise, first giving One Calendar Month's Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature thereof; and, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace forTuch County or Place, with Two fafficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court therein; and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter-Sessions, or, it they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof until the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Order or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall think and judge nea-sonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in puvfuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary aot-with (landing.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Damage shall arise or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Person from the making the said new Docks, Basons, Ponds, Sluices, Entrances and other Works herein authorized to be made, the said Company shall, within One Calendar Monthafter Notice of such Damage in Writing, signed by the Party interfiled or his Agent, shall have been left at the Office of the said Company, make such reasonable Competition for the fame, and in such a manner as shall be agreed upon between the Party interested and the Directors of the said Company 5 but in case the Parties cannot agree* then it shall be lawful for the Directors, and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after a Demand for that Purpose shall have been made in Writing by the Party interested, to cause a Jury to be furo* inoned in the manner herein directed, to decide by their Verdict the Amount of the Compensation to be made for such Damage, and the time and manner in which such Compensation shall be made by the said Company^ which Verdict shall be final and conclusive between the Parties to all Intents and Purposes: Provided always, that no Party shall be entitled to such Compensation unless the Claim for the fame be made within Six Calendar Months after the Damage, in respect of which such Claim is made, shall have accrued.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Two Months after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute or Cause shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been fodone, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited of his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Coils, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Coils of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XCV. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1810.

SO4 GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) to which the foregoing Act refers.

C. ccvii.

273

SO

IX

12

'3

No. 00 Plan. Description. Owners. Occupiers.

I Marsh. Right Hon. Lord Carteret, &c. Joseph Read.

a Do. Barnett Hampton.

3 Do. Right Hon. Lord Carteret, &c. Joseph Read.

Do, Do. Da

TRINITY STREET ENTRANCE.

Dwelling and Yard. Thomas Ritchie. Thomas Ashdon.

jDo. Do. Rt. Whitfield.

Do. Do. Thomas Morgan.

Do. Do. John Highland.

Do. Do. Gcrrowcole.

Do. Do. — Bryan.

5 Do. Do. PurTe and Bennett.

Do. Do. David Wilcox.

Do. Do. John Cox.

Do. Do. Elizabeth King.

Da Do. Brown.

Da Do. Peak.

Do. Do. Griffiths.

Do. Do. T. Sindrey.

6 Dwelling, Wharf, Sheds, &c. Land, E. Ritchie. Jer. Kosher.

|East India Arms (Publick House) Do. T. Lawrence.

ROTHERHITHE STREET ENTRANCE.

Meadow.

Cottage, Sheds and Garden Noah's Ark (Publick House) Garden

Dwelling, Yard, &c.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Ground, forming Court to above7 Housea - -J

Dwelling, Yard, &c. being X70, I in Rotherhithe Street -J Do. 171, Do.

Do. behind the above Do. 172, in Street

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

*73*

*74»

>7

176,

*77>

Do,

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Dwelling in Lepard's Court Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Wharfs, Sheds,

Thames, &c.

Wharfs, Sheds, Ac Dwelling, &c. being Number 1

108, Rotherhithe Street J

109, Do.

no, Do.

111, Do.

Dwelling, Granary, Malting 7 Loft and Garden, &c. J

50 Geo. III.

Ac. next]

Right Hon. Lord Carteret Do.

Do.

Do.

Do-

- Purnett, Leaseholder Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

l>o.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

N n

Thomas Watfoo. Da Do.

G. Walkington.

- Morley.

John Steel.

John Pryor. Richard Gardner.

- Newman. Thomas Butler. Mrs. Vaughan.

William Marklew.

- Moncar

- Johnltoa.

- Eagger.

James Mullett. Mrs. Danby. Henry Hughes. George Steel. Mrs. Dance.

John Walker. Samuel Hill. fMrs. Webb. Francis Wyatt.

- Fuller.

- Saxby.

- Williams.

- Sindrey.

John Rufmore.

jjacob Hyde.

[Jacob Lullham.

[James Coller.

- Davey.

- Northcote.

SCHEDULE

27+

99 0. 2. C. 87-10 0.3. c. 56. 15 G. 3. c. 54. as to St. Paul Sliadwell; repealed.

C. ccvii — ccix. 50° GEORGII III. A; D. 1810.

SCHEDULE (B.) to which the foregoing Act refers.

Per Register Ton.

Dockage on laden Ships, with Permission of 7 A

laying Six Weeks - - { 1 0

After that Time, if remaining with a Cargo*}

on board, per Week - -J ° 1

Or if remaining without a Cargo on board, ! T per Week -

Ships coming in light, for the first Six Weeks o 3 And if exceeding that Time, ter Week o 0$

All rigged Veflds coming to load Goods in 1

the Dock - - -} 0 6

All Ships to pay for docking 10 6

And for undocking - 10 6

Lighters, Barges and Small Craft to pass without Charge,

Wharfage of Oak and other heavy Timber,

per Load - -.J 3 0

Wharfage of Oak and other heavy Planks, !*per Load - - 3

Wharfage on large Timber and Mails, per

Wharfage on small Timber, per Load "} 0 0

ic, per re-1.. r 3 0

1, per re- /

r0

Wharfage on Oak Pipe and Hogshead Staves 1

from the Baltic, per thousand - - J 10 0

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic, duced Standard of 120

Wharfage on Deals from America, duced Standard of 120

Wharfage on Oak Barrel and Heading Staves!^ from the Baltic, per thousand - -J'0

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton -^2 0

Wharfage on Tallow, per Ton - -^16

Wharfage on Pitch, Tar and Turpentine, ! per Barrel, from America or elsewhere j 0 2

Wharfage on Oil, per Ton - 2 o

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton 3 c

Use of the Coppers for boiling of Blubber, ! per Ton - - - J 0

{Rent while stored on the Premises of the Company, per Load ter Quarter fRent while stored on the Premises of the \ Company, ter Load per Quarter Rent while stored on the Premises of the / f Corapahy, per Load per Quarter

Rent while stored on the Premises of the"^Company, ter Load per Quarter -J

f Rent while stored on the Premises of the 1 < Company, per Quarter per reduced,3 I Standard of 120 - - -J

rRent while stored on the Premises of the" Company, per Quarter per reduced 3 t Standard of 120

f Rent while stored on the Premises of the ! -

I Company, per Quarter per thousand - /*JRent while Itored on the Premises of the V \ Company, per Quarter per thousand_ -J fRent while stored or warehoused on the*!

J Premises of the Company, per Week -I per Ton - - -J

f Rent while stored or warehoused on the'1 J Premises of the Company, per Week J»

L per Ton -

fRent while stored or warehoused on the"!

Premises of the Company, per Week -(. per Barrel - i

fRent while stored or warehoused on the'i 1 Premises of the Company, ter Week -f Ton - - -j

rRent while stored or warehoused on the!

J Premises of the Company, per Week

i. per Ton - - J

IO O

O t

o

Cap. ccviii.

An Act for better regulating, maintaining and employing the Poor, within the Parish of Saint Paul Shad&dh in the County of Middle), ex; for better lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, repairing and improving the Streets and other publick Places in the said Parish; and for repealing Three Acts, severally passed in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, and in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, relative thereto.

[20th June 1810.]

Cdp. ccix.

An Act for more equally and effectually afieffing and collecting the Poor Rates, within the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate) in the County of Middlesex.

[20th June 1810.

Cap.

A.D. 1810. 50 GEORGII III. C. ccx — ccxiv. 5

Cap. ccx.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Burford to Banbury in the County of Oxford, and 10G.8. c from Burford to the Road leading to Stow in the County of Gloucester, and from Swerford Gate, in the ai c-3- c County of Oxford, to the Road in Aynho in the County of Northampton. (0) [ioth June 1810.] ^i*1*

Cap. ccxi.

An Act for confirming and rendering perpetual a Partition between the Trustees of Henry Smith* Charity and John Newnbam Esquire, of divers Estates in Worth and Balcombe otherwise Baulcombe, Ardingley,

Crawley and Ifield, in the County of Sussex (q. P.) [20th 1810.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parities of Trelleck, Penalty Mitch el Troy, Cwmcarvan, Landogo,

Tintern and Lani/hen9 in the County of Monmouth. (q. P.)'[^20th 1810.]

" Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §23.

Cap. ccxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Nether Kellet in the Parish of Bolton by the Sands, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P-) [20th 1810.]

Ca/. ccxiv.

An Act for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lanes upon the Conditions, and under the Regulations therein mentioned.

[21st June 1810.]

WHEREAS the Existence of well regulated Theatres substantially built, and capable of affording the bed Accommodation to be obtained for the Publick, with respect to the Surrounding Avenues,

Passages and Approaches, as well as to their Fitness for Scenic Representation, has always been considered to be a Matter worthy both of Royal Attention and Legislative Protection: And whereas in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, the then Theatre Royal in Drury Lane was taken*down, and great Sums expended by the Most Noble Francis the late Duke of Bedford, in the Purchase of Ground and Houses in the Neighbourhood, in order to erect a new Theatre upon a Scale of Magnificence

and Grandeur; the Interest of which Sums so expended by the said Duke of Bedford<being added as an additional Rent Charge upon the said Theatre: And whereas the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds was raised by the Proprietors of the said Theatre by Shares of Five hundred Pounds each,

for the Accomplishment of the erecting the proposed new Theatre, and for paying off the then existing«Mortgages 5 but owing to various and unforeseen Circumstances, and to the unavoidable Necessity which*arose of making various Alterations in the original Plan, the Theatre when opened in the Beginning of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety four, was very far from being in a finished State, whilMhe«intended surrounding Buildings stated in the Estimate were not even begun, and a great Debt was left wholly unprovided for, and the whole Sum intended to be applied to the Building of the Theatre was entirely*expended by the Trustees in endeavouring to accomplish the fame: And whereas a Settlement of the Remainder of the said Debt and Claims took place in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, through an Arrangement made under the immediate Direction and Authority of the Lord Chancellor, and assented to by all Parties: And whereas, in the course of a successful Progress towards the Liquidation of the said Claims, the said Theatre Royal, with all its Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture and other Articles, was wholly destroyed by the Calamity of Fire in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, being insured*only to the Amount of Thirty five thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas it is deemed expedient to surrender and make over the whole Interest of the present Proprietors of the said Property to a Body of Subscribers purchasing the fame and becoming bonaJide Proprietors of the whole Patents, Leases or Agreement8 for Leases, Materials, Foundation, Scite of Ground, and every other Property of whatever Description now belonging to or held in Trust for the Proprietors of the said Theatre: And whereas the several Persons herein after named are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to provide for or to discharge all just and equitable Claims on the late Theatre, should the fame be duly ascertained to their Satisfaction, and not found to exceed the computed Amount upon which they are* willing to become Subscribers; and also*to erect, build, finish and furnish, fit for Representation, the said intended new Theatre, with the surrounding Buildings and Improvements: But as the several Purposes before mentioned cannot be carried into Effect without the Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Grace the Duke of Bedford, His Grace the Duke of Argylcy the Right Honourable Lord Proprietor!* Kinnairdy Samuel Whitbread, Richard Sharpe, Peter Moorey Harvey Chriflinn Combe, Sir Robert Barclay Name*. Baronet, Thomas Couttsy the Honourable Thomas Brandy the Honourable David Anstruthery Alexander Davidfony Templar, J. H. Farouhar9 Thomas Hammerjley and Company, Aaron Graham,

Richard Wilfony Sir Charles Bliche, James Heath, Sir Thomas Turton Baronet, Sir John Sinclair Baronet,

Sir Mathew White Ridley Baronet, Henry Grevilley the Honourable Thomas Mauley William Adam, Colonel 0*Kelly, Captain Grabam> Samuel James Arnoldy Charles William Ward\ William Linlry, Robert M. Barnard, Richard Peakey Michael Kelly y Joseph Ke/fy, Henry Burg eft t Richard Ironmongery George Boultony John Morrisy Charles Beazley, John Graham, Thomas Fojbrooky William Phillips, J* Winter, Francij Glnjfopy


>75

JOU.129.

zy6 ccxiv.

5o° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18rov

Incorporated. Their Style.

To be dWideri into Shares of tool, cark,

Strife.

Company may leife among themfehrea a Sum not exceeding 300, 0001.

Shares to be Fesfbnal EfUte.

CnabUng incapacitated I'-crfqns to irleafe Shares, See. in the bte Theatre.

William Griffith, John Whitehead, Lawrence Burton, Robert John Cocker, Thomas Wright, John WiHie9 T Fallowfield, Francis Franco, C Watkins, James Raymond, George Pringle, Joseph Kernot,

R Knight, J Harley, /f Milton, William Downs, William Dunn, William Lucas, Andrew

Franklin, Thomas Greenwood, A Lowndes, John Bowley, Samuel Spring, James Smart, Robert Mitchell,

Thomas Shaw, J Stephenson, James Denew, Edward Ainge, A/ Linley, John Grubb, John

Windus, John Welbank, Richard Strong Wells, A Menzies, William Welford, William J Bankes,

Theophilus Elgic, George Edwards, James Mitchell, Thomas Parker and Nathaniel Vicke, together with such other Person and Persons as shall subscribe towards raising the Capital Sum herein after mentioned, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Alugns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, paying and contributing to the Capital Sum to be raised as herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for erecting the said Theatre and surrounding Buildings, and carrying into Execution the Purposes of this A A, and shall for that Purpose be One Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name and Style of The Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and also shall and may have full Power and Authority to purchase or exchange Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Theatre and the surrounding Buildings and Improvements, and the other Purposes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Statutes of Mortmain, and also to sell or exchange for others any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid; Provided always nevertheless, that the said Land or Ground, so to be held by the said Corporation, shall not exceed ©ve Acres in the whole.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute in such Proportions as they shall think proper any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds* which laid Sum or Sums of Money shall bfe laid out and applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates and other incidental Expences* relating thereto; and, in the next Place, in Payment to George White of Park Street, Westminster, Efiquire, and Ann the Wife of John Martindale of Tavistock Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; or unto such other Person or Persons, as (he the said Ann Martindale on her Part shall appoint, in equal Shares and Proportions, such Sum or Sums of Money as is and shall or may become due and owing to them in respect of their Shares, Rights and Interests, in certain - Letters Patent, granted by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, to Thomas Killegrew Esquire, for erecting and building a Theatre in the Cities of London and Westminster or the Suburbs thereof, for performing Plays and other Entertainments therein; and in the next Place, in making due and just Payment or Compensation to the Renters and the several other Claimants on the said Property upon such Terms as the said Claimants and the said Company of Proprietors shall agree; and thirdly, in purchasing the entire Property and Interests of the present Proprietors and Parties, beneficially and ultimately interested in the Property of the said late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, and the Profits and Property thereof, and then for and towards rebuilding, erecting and fmishing the said intended new Theatre, and the surrounding Buildings and Improvements necessary thereto, and in purchasing, making and completing the Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, Decorations, and other Appendages, and otherwise for carrying this Act into Execution; and that the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that the said Shares shall be and they are hereby vested in the said several Persons and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so fobferibing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the several Sums they shall severally pay and contribute, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, shall be entitled to, and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal propor-. tionable Part according to the Money so by them respectively paid of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue from the Sums of Money to be raised, recovered or received from the said Theatre and Property by the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that in case the said Company of Proprietors shall not contract and agree with all the Persons interested in the said Theatre, and other Property, for the Purchase of such several Interests within the Term of Two Years from the passing of this Act, then, and in such Case, this Act and all the Matters and Things therein contained shall become null and void.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons, of and in the said Undertaking or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be and be deemed to be Personal Estate and transmifljble as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Husbands, Guardians* Trustees, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Executors and Administrators, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert, or any other Person under any other DifabiHty or Incapacity whatsoever, who is, are or shall be possessed of, interested in or entitled unto any Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, Right, Title, Interest, Debt, Claim or Demand, out of, in, unto or upon the said late Theatre Royal Drury L&ne, or the Patents, or other Property thereunto belonging, or unto any Messuages, Lands, H^re^ ditaments or Premises, to fell, assign, release, discharge, transfer and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, for such Sum of Money, Consideration or Compensation, as such Person or Persons shall agree to take^or

6 receive,

A.D. 181 o*

SO* GEORGII III.

Gecxiv. 277

receive, for or'in lieu of the same to the said Company of Proprietors; and that all such Sum and Sums of Money, Consideration or Compensation, shall be paid unto and received by such Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, and shall be paid, applied, settled, limited and veiled by him, her or them, to, for and upon the fame Trulls, Settlements, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as such Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, Mortgage, Right, Title, Interest, Debt, Claim or Demand, which shall be so fold, assigned, released, discharged, transferred or conveyed, as aforesaid, flood settled, limited orvefled, or such of them as at the time of making such Alignment, Release, Discharge, Transfer or Conveyance shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking effect, or as near thereto as may be; and that every Sale, Assignment, Conveyance, Transfer, Release and Discharge of such Property, Share, Annuity, Rent Charge, Mortgage, Right, Title, Interest, Debt, Claim or Demand, or of any Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments or Premises, which shall be made or executed by such Person or Persons hereby authorized as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law'to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the fame respectively shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, Collegiate, of other Person or Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, have subscribed or undertaken for one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have a Vote in the several Assemblies, to be holden as herein after appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking, for such Share or Shares; and if possessed of Three Shares to have Two Votes, if of Six Shares to have Three Votes, if of Ten Shares to have Four Votes, and if of Fifteen Shares and upwards to have Six Votes; and every Question, Matter or Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding Six Votes in the Whole for each Proprietor as aforesaid, provided that the Members present be possessed of not less than One hundred Shares; and every Question, Matter or Thing which shall be proposed, di(cuffed or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present in the manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at such Time and Place as the Committee herein after appointed shall direct, within Sixty Days after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon, and Two in the Afternoon; and the Second General Meeting of the said Company shall be held at such Time and Place within Sixty Days next after the holding of the First General Meeting as the Committee shall appoint; and at such General Meeting, a full and distinct Statement of the Arrangements proposed by the Committee, and assented to by the Claimants and the Proprietors of the late Drury Lane Property, shall be submitted to the said General Meeting, for their Consent and Approbation; and any Subscriber disagreeing from such Statement, shall be at Liberty to withdraw his Subscription, and relinquish all Share and Interest in the Undertaking; and in case the Place of such Subscribers so withdrawing shall not be filled up by new Subscriptions, or taken by the remaining Subscriberswithin Two Months from the Date of such General Meeting, or in case no such General Meeting shall be held, or if no such Statement shall be made to such General Meeting, then in the said Cases the whole of this Act shall become null and void, and the Overplus (if any) of all Deposits or Advances shall be returned to the respective Subscribers, after deducing all Expencesin obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Ellimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, out of such Deposits or Advances, and thereupon the whole of the said Arrangements under the Order of the Court of Chancery, shall be revived and be acted upon in such and the like manner as if this Act had not been made, but in case of the above Subscription being filled on the Terms* and in the manner above mentioned, then all future General Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, -except such Special General Assemblies as shall be convened by the Committees for particular Purposes, shall, be held annually between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, at such Days and Peaces as the Committee herein after appointed for the time being shall direct; of which First and every future General Assembly and Assemblies Ten Days previous Notice, at least, shall be given by publick Advertisement, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and Three or more Newspapers, and in such other manner as the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors shall direct; and that the said Company of Proprietors, at such their respective General or Special Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman, who shall not only vote as a Proprietor, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have a calling Vote.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better forwarding the Purposes of this Act and the Interest of the said Company, there shall be a Committee of Ten Proprietors, and that the Honourable Thomas Brand, the Honourable Cavendish Bradshaw, the Honourable Kinnaird, Sir 1'homas Part on Baronet, Samuel

Whitbread, Peter M<ore, Harvey Christian Combe, William /Idem, Richard Sharpe and Richard Wilson, Esquires, shall be the First Committee: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Contract, Engagement or Employment respecting the said Building shall be capable of being defied or of serving upon, such Committee during the time of his Continuance in such Contract, Engagement or Employment for the said Building, nor unlef* he shall possess or hold in his own Right One Share in the said Undertaking; and that the said Committee shall and may, at every Meeting holden by them during the Continuance of their said Office, appoint a Chairman by and out of the said Committee; and that no Member of any Committee shall have more than one Vote upon any Question that may be agitated in the said Committee, except in case of an Equality, of Vote*, and in that Case the Chairman shall have the decisive or calling Vote, although he may have given one Vote before; and that the said Committee shall be authorized to add any Number of Proprietors not exceeding Eleven to the said Committee, and that Three of the said Committee, namely, Samuel Whitbread,

Pjcter

SubfcnberMo have Vote* according to the Number of the U Shares, not to exceed Six Vote*.

RrfVGeueral Assembly of the Proprietors.

A dlftin# Statement of Arrangement proposed by Committee to be laid before Proprietors

Proprietor* at their A Ife'mblies may appoint a Chairman.

A Committee of Proprietors appointed*

Names of Committees*

Chairman#

pivwfo.

'l\ro'er of

Comuiiitftf.

Empowering <' jnimiiire 10

-make OomraoU-

Subfeqwnt Appoint merit of Committee (by the Proprietors) in the Hoorn of thoie going out of Office by Hotmtion.

C. ccxiv. 50° GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Peter Moore and Harvey Chrtilian Combey Esquires, shall be the Trustees who shall appoint Ihe Banker of Bankers where the Theatre Subscription Account shall be held 5 and the said Committee are hereby authorized and directed either collectively or by appointing select Committees out of their own Number for the different Purposes herein after mentioned, if it should appear to them the preferable Mode of executing the fame, to arrange and complete Terms of Settlement and Compensation with the several Claimants on the said Property, and to determine upon and select the Plan for rebuilding, and to make Contracts and Bargains for erecting the said Theatre as herein after is mentioned, and also for arranging the Terms upon which all Rights and Interests of the present Proprietors shall be made over to the said intended Company of Proprietors, and all other necessary Purposes: Provided always, that no Member of the said Committee having any Claim or Demand upon or Interest in the said Property, while the same shall remain unsettled, shall be competent to act with or vote in any Committee employed in settling the T#erms and Compensation to be made to the said Claimants or Parties interested; and that the Firff Committee shall continue until Three Months after the Opening of the said Theatre, and shall then go out of Office in the Order and Rotation herein mentioned. )

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Committee which shall meet under and by virtue of this Act are hereby authorized and directed to form and arrange a Plan for the future Government and Conduct of the Theatre Property, as shall seem bed calculated according to their Judgment to promote and maintain the Intereds and Characterof the Undertaking, and to meet the Expectations and merit the Approbation of the Publick, such Plan to be submitted to a General Meeting of the said Company, to be specially called by Advertisements in the London Gazette, and such of the London Newspapers as the said Committee shall think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the Opening of the said Theatre, such Plan to be adopted, altered or rejected by a Majority at such Meeting; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, or any other Committee to be hereafter appointed, may be done and exercised by the major Part of the Members present at the respective Meetings (the fame having been duly convened) the whole Number present not being less than Five; and every such Committee shall from time to time make Report of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies of the Proprietors 5 and the said Committee shall (subject nevertheless to such Orders and Regulations as herein mentioned), meet at such Times and Places, and shall and may from time to time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as they at their respective Meetings shall think fit

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee herein appointed, or any other Committee for thff time being to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall and may at their said Meetings, contract and agree for and complete the Purchase of such Messuages, Ground, Property and Premises, and the Machinery, Scenery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, and other Articles and Things, as they at such Meetings shall deem necessary for erecting, building, decorating, completing and making fit for Representation the said Theatre, and for arranging the Terms upon which a limited Number of Private Boxes may be let, should the said Committee find it advisable and expedient for the Completion of the Plan, and for making and finishing the surrounding Buildings, Avenues, Passage3 and Improvements to belong to the said Theatre; and for the several other Purposes in this Act mentioned; and also shall and may enter into and make Agreements, Contracts and Bargains with the Architefts, Surveyors, Workmen and other Persons, for erecting, building and completing the said intended Theatre, Buildings, Improvements, Works, and the several other Purposes herein mentioned, and appoint an Architect, Surveyor, Secretary, Banker, Solicitor and other Officers and Servants, as they may deem necessary to the said Undertaking, with such Appointments, Salaries or Allowances as such Committee shall think proper; and that the Committee now appointed, or any other Committee hereafter to be appointed in pursuance of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions herein mentioned) shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized, at any of their Meetings duly convened, to use, put and affix the same to any Instrument, Deed or Writing which they shall deem necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also shall have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company of Proprietors, and to direct and make the several Payments out of the Joint Stock of the said Company, which they at their said. Meetings may deem necessary, and direct and order all or any of the several Purposes herein mentioned; and the said Committees are hereby authorized and directed to keep a full, correct and true Account of all Monies which they shall from time to time pay, or order and direct to he paid, and for what Purposes, and also a full, correct and true Account of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they from time to time shall receive in respect of the said Theatre.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee so elected shall continue in Office until Three Months after the Opening of the said Theatre, and on such Day Seven of the said Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company: and in order to determine who of the said Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be of the Committee of the said Company, the Secretary of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day or feme Adjournment thereof, shall and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one distinct Pieces of Paper of equal Size the Name of One of the said Committee on each of such Papers; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Seven of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Secretary, one by one, and those Seven of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such

Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Seven Members of the said Company, who shall severally be possessed and entitled to Three Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, and such Seven Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced by the said Company of

Proprietors

A.D. 1810.

50° GEORGII III. C. ccxiv.

Proprietors at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose) and no longer; and on the First Wednesday in the next succeeding Month of May after the Expiration of the said Three Years, Seven more of the Committee first elected by virtue of this Act as Part of the Committee, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to he upon the Committee of the said Company, and in order to determine who of such Seven of the Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company, the Secretary of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on that Day or some Adjournment thereof, shall and he is hereby required to write upon Twenty one distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of such of the Committee on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel by such Secretary, and Seven of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Secretary one by one, and those of the Committee whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office and crafe to be upon the Committee of the said Company, and the said Company shall then elect, by Ballot as aforesaid, Seven Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such Seven of the Committee, and such Seven Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Year?, (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer; and on the First Wednesday in the next succeeding Month of May the Seven remaining Members of the Committee first elected by virtue of this Act, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company: and the said Company shall, at their General Assembly, to be holden on that Day or some Adjournment thereof, elect by Ballot as aforesaid Seven Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to he Upon the Committee of the said Company, in the Room or Stead of such Seven of the Committee going out of Office as last aforesaid; and such Seven Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid, ) and no longer; and on the First Wednesday in every succeeding Month of May in each and every Year, Seven Persons out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be elected by Ballot as aforesaid, by the said Company, to be Members of the Committee of the said Company 5 and such Seven Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors again to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member or Members of the said Committee; and in case, on any such First Wednesday in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomination and Appointment of such* Seven Members of the Committee shall be made, then, and in every such Case, another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the First Wednesday in June following, for the Purpose of making stich Elect ion; and in case no such Nomination and Appointment shall be then made, then, and in every such Case, another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the First Wednesday following, for the Purpose of making such Election, and so toties quoties until such Seven Members of the Committee mall be chosen; bat such Seven Members of the Committee .11 not continue in Office or be Members of the said Committee, for any longer Space of time than if they had been elected on the First Wednesday in the Month of May as aforesaid; and until such Seven Members of the Committee shall be chosen, the Seven Members of the Committee going out of their Office shall continue in Office, and shall enjoy the fame Powers and Authorities as the other Members serving upon, the said Committee.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons elected by the said Company as a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company, shall die or refute to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to be entitled to One Share at the least in the said Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Contract or Employment, respecting the said Building, under the said Company, or being otherwise disqualified to act with or vote in any Committee as hereinbefore mentioned, then, and in every such Case' it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to elect, at the next General Assembly, or at some Special General Assembly of the said Company to be called for that Purpose, feyne Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid to be a Member or Members of the Committee of the said Company in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of the Committee so dying or refusing to act, or ceasing to be qualified, or holding any Place, Contract or Employment respecting the building the said Theatre- and Premises under the said Company; and every Person or Persons so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so elected, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members of the Committee for such time and no longer as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so elected would have continued in Office.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their First General Assembly, or at any Adjournment of the fame, elect by Ballot Two Persons of and out of the said Company of Proprietors to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Company, and such Persons shall continue in Office until the next General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on the First Wednesday in the Month of May then next ensuing, but no Person shall be capable of being elected, or of serving as an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, unless he shall hold and be possessed of One Share at least in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, shall be capable of being elected, or of serving as such Auditor of Accounts during the time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, Employment, or holding such Contract.

7 XIII. And

279

in case Corn-mituc not appointed on L>av mentioned, another M*x ting to he had for 11 ml 1'uq-ofe.

Suhfcquent Appointment of Committee by Proprietors in the Room of those who Rail die, refute to arl, or become disqualified.

Auditors to be appointed.

A.D. 1810.

280 C. gcxiv, 50' GEORGII III.

5u1>sequent Amjoititment of Auditor*.

Pwrn of the Audi ton.

Proprietor* not entitled K> vote tinleCs possesstd of their Share* Three Calendar Months.

Committees may make Calls, Shares forfeited if Calls not paid, but no Advantage to l»e taken of Forfeiture without Motion.

[Penalty.]

Personil Notice of Call.

Inserted in London Gazette.

Subscribers to nay their Sub* feriptions on CdU by the Committee.

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That the said Auditors so elected, or the Person or Persons so elected in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office until the said First Wednesday in the Month of May nfext after such Election; and on such Day, One of the said Auditors shall go out of Office and cetfe -to be an Auditor of the Accounts of the said Company, and the fame Provisions hereinbefore made and enacted in respect of the Election of Members to serve upon the Committee in the Room of those going out by Ballot or Rotation, or who shall die, refuse to ad, or become disqualified, shall be applicable to the Election of Auditors of Accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Auditors of the Accounts of the said Company, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet at some convenient Place Four times at the least in every Year, for the Purpose of examining the Accounts of the said Company, and at such Meetings, all Accounts of Money received, laid out and diffiurfed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Committees, Treasurers, Receivers, Secretary, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, employed by or concerned for or under the said Company, in and about the said Undertaking or the Works thereunto belonging, shall be laid before the said Auditots to be audited and settled, and the said Auditors shall cause a fair and correct Statement of the Accounts to be made out, which Statement shall be laid before the next General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for their Confirmation, and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Auditors shall from time to time receive out of the Capital Stock or the said Company of Proprietors, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted and settled by the said Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the First General Meeting to be held under this Act, no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be deemed to be qualified or entitled to vote who has or have not possessed his, her or their Shares, and whose Name or Names hath or have not been entered in manner herein after directed in the Booksof the said Company, as the Possessor or Possessors, and Proprietor or Pro* prietors of such .Shares, for the Space of Three Calendar Months then next preceding, at any General or Special General Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall have Power, and they are hereby required from time to time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of, or to carry on the same as they the said Committee shall from time to time find wanting and necessary for the Purposes of this Act, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Share, except as herein after mentioned 5 and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Twenty one Days at least from each other, and Ten Days Notice at least shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid by Advertisement in Three or more of the London Newspapers, and in such other manner as: the said Company ot Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint: Provided, that it ffiaH not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors beyond the full Amount of the Sum or Sums which by his, her or their Subscription, he, she or they had undertaken to pay for his, her or their said Share or Shares4 and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid to .such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Committee shall from time to time order and direct: and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid ^except such Subscribers as shall have withdrawn themselves and their Subscriptions from the said Company at and within the time and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned) at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, or within Twenty one Days next ensuing, he, she or they so neglecting or refilling shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Pound for every Share he, she or they shall have in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their rateable Cau or Calls as aforesaid for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the time so appointed for Payment thereof, then, and in every such Case, he, she or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his, her or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, and all Sum and Sums of Money which he, she or they shall have previously paid for or on account of the fame, and save and except as aforesaid; all which Shares and Sum and Sums of Money so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors in trust for and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special General Assemblies, be publickly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors, whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that .no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be or be deemed to be incurred, save and except personal Notice of such Call or Calls in Writing signed by the Secretary or Secretaries to the said Committee, shall have been given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange of the City of London, or until such Notice shall be sent to or left at the last or usual place or places of Abode of such Owner or Owners respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be Twenty Miles or upwards distant from the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and in case the Place or Places of Abode of any such Owner or Owners mall not be known to the Secretary or Secretaries of the said .Committee, then such Notice shall be inserted once , in the London Gazette, nor until all such Share or Shares jffiall likewise have been declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance .any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Owners,

Proprietor

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. C. ccxiv.

Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking* shall and he, (he and they is and are hereby requited to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of and agreeable to the Powers and Directions of this Act) at such Times and Places and in such manner as: shall be directed by the said Committee: and in case any such Subscriber or Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the same at the Time and Place and manner so required for that Pureoie, the said Company of Pro-prietoi s are hereby empowered to Cue for and ret Mrer the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the said Company of Proprietors again & any Person or Persons who hath or have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share r Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and ailed eje that the Defendant or Defendants being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in arrear shall amount to for such and so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall be only necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the time of making such Call or Calls, was or were an Owner r Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and that such Call or Calls was or were in fast made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what (half appear to be due, unless it shall appear that Notice was not given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be stayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein# unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given is double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect; and also if the said Judgment shall be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-pto/Ted, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages and Costs adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Costs and Damages to be awardfed for Delay of Execution.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Undertaking shall be minded anddefirous to pay and advance immediately into the Hands of the said Committee, or of the Person or Persons whom they shall appoint to receive the same, the full Amount of his, her or their Subscription or Subscriptions for such Share or Shares for which he, she or they may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, .without waiting for the said Call or Calls to be made, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Committee to pay te the said Subscriber or Subscribers so paying in advance as aforesaid, out of the Funds of the said Company, Interest upon the Sum or Sums foadvancea, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Amount which such Payment in Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the time of advancing the fame up to the Period of such subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance, over and above the Amount of such Call; and that if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietor* of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall happen to die before such Cali or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, /he o> they shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision, by Will or otherwise, how and ia what manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, or the Calls for the fame paid, then, and in such Case, the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of every such Owner or Proprietor, so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of any such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every such Intent or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of his, her or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not bare left Asseta sufficient, or in case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls for the Space of Three Calendar Months, after Notice in Writing, signed by the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have been given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietor of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on condition that he, she or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of ike Infant or Infants or other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her or their Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors in his, her or their Lifetime by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for, and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, such Share or

jo Geo. III. O Q Shares

2&X.

Proceeding in AcViou* for Ca'J*.

Committee may allow littered to Proprietor! ofc Payment in Advance, and on the Death of Subscriber* before Share* completed, their Executors, &c. may do it.

Executor*, &c. pefyfing to answer Call.

Other Perfect admitted*

2(8-2

Sliares forfeited.

Shares may be sold.

Form of Transfer.

free.

No Shares shall be sold after a Call till Monty piid.

Names of Proprietors and Numbers of their Shares to be entered in a Book, and Certificates of the Number delivered to them.

Evidence.

General Saving.

Public k AA*

C.ccxiv. 50 GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Shares shall be forfeited to and become vetted in the rest of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Under* taking, in trust for and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like manner as other forfeited Shares may be sold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in Form or to the Effect following; videlicet f

4 T of in consideration of paid to

4 me by of do hereby bargain, fell, assign and transfer to

the said the Sum of Capital Stock of and in the Theatre Royal

Drury Lane> being of my Share in the said Undertaking, to hold

4 to the said Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

Orders and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the Execution*hereof, and I the said do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock

4 or Share of subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Conditions. As

witness our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her or their Security, after the Secretary or Secretaries to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified and endorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Five Shillings shall bfe paid, and the said Secretary or Secretaries is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall have been made by the said Committee as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she or they shall possess in the said Undertaking; on pain of forfeiting his, her or their respective Sh; re or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, in trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless at the time of such Sale or Transfer such Call or Calls shall have been paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly in manner before directed.

XXII. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking as to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, at their first, or as soon as conveniently may be, at some subsequent General Assembly to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber on Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, or a Certificate for each Separate and distinct Share in case any Proprietor of more than one Share shall request the fame, every such Proprietor paying to the Secretary One Shilling and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrument, and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assign6, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Share or Shares from felling or disposing thereof 5 and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out or damaged, or shall be ascertained to have been lost or destroyed, then, and in such Case, another Certificate shall be made out and entered by the Secretary on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

XXIII. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all ami every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her and their respective Heirs* Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest as they, every or any of them had and enjoyed of, in, to or out of the said late Theatre Drury Lane, or the Property thereunto belonging, or any Claims or Demands thereon before the passing of this Act, or could or might or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall-be judicially taken Notice of afc such by all Judges* Justices and others* without being specially pleaded.

Cafr

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. ccxv — ccxviii.

Cap. ccxv.

An Act to alter and amend the Lydney and Lidbrook Railway Act, to vary certain Parts of the said Railway, and to extend the fame from Lidbrook to Bishop's Wood, and from the Lower Forge to the Croft Pill; and for making a Basin and Canal to communicate with the River Severn at Nafs Point.

[21st June 1810.]

Cap. ccxvi.

An Act for establishing a Chapel of Ease at Tremadqc, in the Chapelry of Tnyfcynhaiarn, in the County of Carnarvon.

[21st June 1810.]

Cap. ccxvii.

An Act for removing one of the Trustees of the settled Estates and the other settled Property of the Reverend Richard Burton Burton Phillipson, and for veiling the fame in other Trustees; and for enabling the High Court of Chancery to appoint new Trustees, (q. r.) [21st June 1810.]

Cap. ccxviii.

An Act for difafforefting the Forest of South, otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier9 in the County of Southampton; and for incloting the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[21st June 1810.]

WHEREAS the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is seised to himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier, in the County of Southampton, and also in his Demesne as of Fee of and in Two Districts or Divisions of Land there, commonly called Purlieus within the same 5 which Forest is of considerable Extent, and the Waste Lands within the same, exclusive of the inclosed Lands, are computed to contain about Eight thousand Acres, subject Devertheless to such Right of Common and other Rights as certain Persons called Purlieu Owners, and the Freeholders and Copyholders of Messuages, Lands and Tenements situate and being within the several Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places of Sokerton9 Hambledon9 Catherington, Blend worth, BedhamJ>tons KingJlony Portijfaie otherwise Portsea9 F'Arlington, IVymering, Widley9 Southwick, West Bur hunt, Portchester, 4 Wicor and Wickham, in the said County of Southampton, or some of them, or the Tenants and Occupiers thereof for the time being, are entitled to, within, upon and over the said Forest: And whereas the said Forest is divided into Two Walks, one called The Eajft Walk, and the other called The West Walk, within which are several smaller Districts or Divisions of Land, commonly called Purlieus, lying within the Regard of the said Forest, and appurtenant to Manors near and adjoining to the said Forest, besides the aforesaid Two Divisions belonging to His Majesty: And whereas His Majesty's said Demesne Lands consist of Three Parcels of Land, Two in the said East Walk, and One in the said West Walk, within the said Forest, and which do contain in the Whole, in Statute Measure, Nine hundred and twenty nine Acres and Fifteen Perches, or thereabouts, together with the several Lodges and other Buildings and Erections in and upon the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, called or known by the names of The West Lodge, The East or Creech Lodge, and Bulls Lodge, and together also with all the Timber and other Trees, Wood and Underwood upon the fame Pieces or Parcels of Demesne Land; and His Majesty is also intitled to the first Right of Feed and Pasturage over the whole Regard of the said Forest for the Vert and Feed of His Majesty's Deer: And whereas Thomas ThiJUethwayte Esquire is Hereditary Warden of the said Forest, and in right thereof is entitled to certain Privileges and Patronage within and over the said Forest, to him, his Heirs and Assigns, so long as the same shall remain a Forest, upon certain Conditions expressed in the Grant of such Office: And whereas the said several other smaller Districts, called Purlieus, belong, or are claimed to belong to the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Winchester, the Right Honourable Lord Stawell, the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Powerfcourt9 the Right Honourable the Earl of Port [mouth9the Wardea ana Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, the said Thomas Thistlethwayte9 4 the Reverend Samuel Clarke Jervoise, Elizabeth Guitton Widow, Charles William Taylor Esquire, Sophia Leeke Widow, John Hornby Esquire, Paul Minchin Esquire, George Gamier Esquire, James Amyait Esquire, and other Persons, of different Extents and Proportions, as their own respective Demesne Estates,

together with all the Timber and other Trees and Underwoods upon the fame respectively; but subject to such Right of Feed for His Majesty's Deer, and to Common Rights as aforesaid: And whereas the Boun*

daries, Perambulation or Regard of the said Forest extend over the said several Parishes, Townships or Hamlets or Part thereof, of Soberton, Hamble Jon9Catbcrington9 Blendworthy Bedbampton9 Kingston9 4 Portijfaie otherwise Portsea9 Far lington9Wymering9 Widley9 Southwick, West Bur hunt, Portchester, Wicor and W'tckham9 or some of them: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty lirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one A3 certain Provisions vfually infer ted in A3s 4 of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fa3s usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas the Waste Lands of the said Forest were heretofore of great Value and Utility from the Timber and Underwood thereon, which of late Years have been very much injured, and in many Parts totally destroyed, and the Soil thereof, in its present uncultivated State, is but of small Value, either to His Majesty or to the other Persons interested therein, but from its Contiguity to His Majesty's Dock Yard of Portsmouth9 if the said Forest were disafforested and the Open Commonable Lands within the same were divided, allotted and inclosed, and if the present Demesnes of the Crown and the Allotment to the Crown, as herein after mentioned, were set apart for the Growth and Pyefervation of Wood and Timber, the fame would be of great Benefit and Advantage to His Majesty and to the Publick in general* as well as to the several Persons having Property and Rights in the said Forest; And whereas it hath been stipulated by and

O.o 2 4 between

9 G. 1-C.di*-

41C. 8. (U.K.) c. 109.

Commxfiisuen.

4i-G..3..(U.JL) 4. 109.

For appotnrng new Commis-Sonrta,

f '

between the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, with the Advice of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, for and on Behalf of His Majesty and the said Thomas Thistlethwayte y and the said several Persons called Purlieu Owners, that the Consideration to His Majesty and to the said Warden for difafforcfling the said Forest, and Lois of Privileges and Patronage as aforesaid,

and obtaining His said Majesty's Consent, and the Content of the said Warden to the patting this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, should be as follows, (videlicet); All those Pieces or Parcels of Land within the West Walk, one Piece whereof being Part and Parcel of the District commonly called the Purlieu belonging to the Earl of Portsmouth, within the said Walk, containing One hundred Acres, abutting North on the said Demesne Lands of the Crown, within the said West Walk, South on the Allotment next herein after mentioned, East on the Land called the Purlieu of the Earl of Portsmouth, and West upon the said Demesne

Lands of the Crown in Part, and in other Part on the fame next herein after mentioned Allotment; one other Piece, containing One hundred and fifty Acres, being Part and Parcel of the Land called the Purlieu of the said George Gamier, abutting North in Part on the fame Demesne Lands of the Crown, and in other Part on the said last mentioned Allotment, South on the Land called the Purlieu of the said Lord Viscount Powerfcourty East on the Land called the Purlieu of the said Earl of Portsmouth, and West on the Land called the Purlieu of the said George Gamier; and also all those Pieces or Parcels of Land in the East W'alk,

one Piece whereof being Part and Parcel of the Land called the Purlieu belonging to the See of Winchester, in the said East Walk, containing Two hundred and thirty live Acres and Thirty seven Perches, abutting a North and East on the said Land called the Purlieu belonging to the said See of Winchester, South on the Land called the Purlieu of the said, Thomas Thistlethwayte, and West on the said Demesne Lands of the Crown in the said East Walk; one other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thistlethwayte in the said East Walk, containing Fourteen Acres Three Roods and Three Perches, abutting North on the said Demesne Lands of the Crown, South on the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thyft/eihwaytef East on the said last mentioned Allotment, and West on the Land called

the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thistlethwayte; and all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Land in the said East Walk, one Piece whereof being Part and Parcel of and belonging to the Land called the Purlieu of the said See of Winchester, in the said East Walk, containing Seventy-three Acres, and bounded as follows, on the North by the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby, on the South by the Land called the Purlieu, of the said Thomas Thftlethwayte9 on the East by inclosed Lands at Hipley, and on the West in Part by the inclosed Lands of the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, and in other Part by the inclosed Lands of the said John Hornby, and the other Piece, being Part and Parcel of the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby, containing Twenty seven Acres, bounded on the North by the Land called the Purlieu of the said John Hornby9 South upon the said last mentioned Allotment, East upon the said last mentioned Land called the

Purlieu of the See of Winchester, and West upon the Land called the Purlieu of the said Thomas Thistleth wayte; which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land contain together Six hundred Acres: But inaiVnuch,

however, as the said Forest cannot be disafforested, nor the other Purposes before mentioned effected, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas BainbridgCy of Guildford Street, in the Parish of Saint Pancrns, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, William Pearce, of Craig's Court, in the City and Liberty of We/hninjlery Gentleman, and George Barnesy of Andover, in the County of Hants, Land Surveyor, and their Successors, to be nominated or appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing all the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, except the Six hundred Acres hereinbefore mentioned and described, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such manner as is herein after provided or mentioned, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act; And that all Acts, Matters or Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and efeftualas if such Acts, Matters and Things had been done and executed by all the Commissioners herein nominated and appointed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said William Pearce, or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Bishop of Winchester for the time being, and the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College, of Winchester, near Winchester, and their Successors for the time being, by any Writing under their Common Seals, within One Month after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, by Notice in Writing, signed by any of the said Commissioners, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of the said Lord Bishop and at the said College, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to he a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said William Pearcey or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead so dying or refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time, as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Lord Bishop and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said Thomas Bainbridge, or any Person to be aominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse,

neglect

A.D. 1810.

5oe GEORGII III.

C. ccxviii.

285

neglect or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act and of the said recited Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners, interested in the Lands and Grounds to be divided* allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or the major Part of them (other than and except the Lord Bishop of Winchester for the time being and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks) who shall attend by themselves or by their Agents or Proxies at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose at the Golden Lion in Southwick aforesaid, (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the leail and of the Purpose thereof shall be given by Advertisement, signed with the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Commissioners, in the Salisbury, Portsmouth and Winchester Journals, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Southampton) to nominate, cleft, and appoint by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Thomas Bainbridge or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying or refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by such Purlieu Owners shall die, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said George Barnesy or any Person to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this and the said recited Act, then, and in every such Cale, the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained according to the Land Tax Assessment for that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors of Land and Hereditaments within the said several and respective Parishes and Places entitled to any Right of Common in, over or upon the said Commonable Lands and Grounds (other than and except the said Lord Bishop of 1Vitichtjlery and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their Successors and Persons commonly called Purlieu Owner sy to whom other Powers of Nomination are hereinbefore given, and their respective Heirs, Successors and Assigns) who shall be present in Person, or by their respective Agents or Proxies duly authorized for such Purpose, at a Meeting-to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice by Advertisement shall be given by any Five or more of such Owners and Proprietors in the Salisbury, Portsmouth and Winchcfer Newspapers, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers circulated in the said County of Southampton, shall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the Hands of the major Part in Value of them the said Owners and Proprietors and Agents or Proxies aforesaid, a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said George Barnes, or of such other Person to be nominated and appointed in the Room or Stead of him so dying, or refusing to act or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such Case or Cases shall happen; and every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority, for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Lord Bishop of Winchefer9 and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks for the time being, or the said Persons commonly called PurlieuOwnersy or the said Proprietors of Lauds and Hereditaments, either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner, so directed to be nominated and appointed by him and them respectively as aforesaid, within the respective times for that Purpose limited and in manner aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under their Hands or his Hand, within One Month next after the Expiration of such respective Times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioners as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall, afteT taking a d subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Pow er and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Comrcdffioner in and by this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners hereby nominated, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the iirft Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Act into Execution, and duly uualify himself by taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, or if any of the said Commissioners shall at any- time after the said first Meeting wilfully absent himself from any Three following successive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof or Notice thereof in Writing having been given lo him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickness or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioners, from attending or continuing at such Meetings; or if any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed shall not attend and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after Im Nomination or Appointment* or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from Three following successive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings drill not attend during the Whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the Appoint-n»ent thereof or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and luclr Commissioner cot being prevented by

SkkotU

If PurlfrO Ownrn, See* neglect to appoint new Com* miffisnm withim the prescribed time, the a£ing' CaiBiaHbonert \»-make such Appointment.

Commissionm neglecting to attend Meetings coufulered as % . JUfuiaiU) act

A Surveyor or Surveyor* to be appointed.

nrrey to be delivered to the Coraraiflioners au l certified on Outh.

Oath.

For ele&iilg new Surveyors in case of Peath.

Surveyor to make Flan*, &c.

?r )prietors pro-<l-i tug approved

ouiv.'js, &c.

C.ccxviii. 50 GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

Sickness or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioners, from attending or continuing at such Meetings; then and in every of such Cases such Absence or Non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by Writing under their Hands and Seals* to nominate and appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons (not interestea in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purpose of viewing, fur-veying and measuring the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after such Nomination and Appointment, to view, survey and measure the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the fame, and to describe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, whereon or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto shall be set forth the Number of Acres and Decimal Parts of an Acre of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and the several Buildings and Encroachments made thereon, and of what such Encroachments respectively consist, and the Names of the several Persons holding and enjoying the fame; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they shall by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given unto each of the said Commissioners, at which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners present at such Meeting his or their Survey and Plan and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the fame with his or their Name or Names in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the fame; and the said Surveyors shall take and subscribe the following Oath 5 that is to say,

4 \ A.B. do swear. That by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, M An Act for difajforejling the Forefi of South other wise East Bere other wise Bier, in the County of Southampton 5 and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said ForejlI have taken a true and exact Admeasurement and Survey of Part of the Open Commooable Lands and Grounds directed by the said Act to be inclosed, and of all the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the fame, to the best of my Judgment and Ability; and that the

Survey, Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, whereunto I have now let my Hand, are and do contain a

just and true Description, Survey and Admeasurement and Account of such Part of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and of all the Buildings and Encroachments in and upon the fame, with the Names of the several Persons holding and enjoying the fame respectively, and that the fame were made and taken by me according to the best of my Knowledge, Information and Belief, and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, without Favour, Affection or Partiality, to any Person or Persons: And I do

further Twear, that I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several other Trusts reposed in me as a Surveyor by virtue of the said Act, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me GOD/ Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of the said Commissioners to administer; and the said Oath when so taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyor and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be inrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid or either of them, or any other Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as herein after mentioned, shall die or refuse or neglect to act or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor so dying, refusing or neglecting to act or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject antb liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if be had been originally appointed a Surveyor by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be the said Surveyor shall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan as well of all Messuages, Cottages and Scites thereof as of all Lands and Grounds in whatsoever Manor, Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place the same are situate, in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the fame respectively are entitled to a Right of Commonage upon the Open Commonable Lands and Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act or any Part thereof save and except such Lands and Grounds as have been already surveyed and are hereafter directed not to be again surveyed or planned) and shall esquire and find out and in and by the Survey and Plan thereof, and in a Book of Reference to the fame, set forth a minute and exact Account of all and singular the Premises so surveyed, and the Quantity and Contents of each several Field, Inclosure, and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof, respectively, thereby distinguishing such of the Premises as are of Freehold Tenure from such as are of Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenures, and of what particular Manors or Lordships or Persons the said Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenements are severally and respectively holden.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Person or Persons having in his, her or their Custody or Possession any actual Surveys, Maps or Plans of any of the Lands called Purlieus, or

of

A.D. 1810. 50" GEORGII III. C.ccxviii.

of any of the Lands or Grounds in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers- of the fame arj: entitled to Rights of Common, to produce and deliver such Surveys, Maps and Plans to the said Commissioners at such time or times as they shall appoint for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners thereupon shall esquire on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering such Surveys, Maps and Plans respectively as of such other Person or Persons as they shall thinK fit, (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of such Survey, Map and Plan; and in all Cases where the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made, and will answerthe Purpose of a new Survey (but not otherwise) they the said Commissioners shall deliver the fame over to the said Surveyors, with Directions to insert and copy the fame into the Surveys of the Lands called Purlieus, or of the Lands the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled to any Right of Common, instead of making a new Admeasurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so oompriied and described in the Maps and Plans aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners shall allow, pay and satisfy for such approved Surveys, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining, passing and executing this Act, the said Commissioners and Clerks to the said Commissioners who shall act in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers of this Act, shall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas each, for each Day he or they shall be attending in and about the Execution thereof, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necessary for that Purpose, the same to include and be in Satisfaction of all Costs and Expences in travelling and otherwise, which he or they shall be put to in executing the fame 5 and that the Surveyors shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble such Sum or Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and that every Proprietor, Attorney and Agent who shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall pay his own Expences at all such Meetings; and in such Cases as the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors of any Act, Matter or Thing to be done or proposed to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act ana this Act, is directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by their respective Agents or Proxies, whose Acts or Votes shall be as effectual as if such Proprietors were present iu Person.

X. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the House known by the Sign of the Golden Lyon at Southwick aforesaid, on the Second Day of July next, or as soon after as Circumstances will admit; and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the principal outer Doors of the several Churches or Chapels of Soberton, Handle don, Catherington, Blendworth, Bedhamtton, Kingston, Portijfaic otherwise Portsea, Burlington, Wymering, Wydley, Southwick, West Burhunt, Portchester, IVicor and Wickham, and also a like Notice by Advert!fement to be inserted in the Salisbury, Portsmouth and Winchester Journals, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers usually circulated in the said County, of the Time and Place of their first and every future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Power* hereby and by the said recited , \ft vested in them, Eight Days at least before the times appointed for such respective Meeting*; and in caie only One of the said Commissioners shall meet at the Time and Place appointed (or any Meeting or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner, and ta and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case none of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting to be holdeu on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or some other convenient Place within Eight Miles of the said Forest, and the Commissioners or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all other Publick Notices requisite or necessary to be given by the said Commissioners shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Salisbury, Portsmouth and Winchester Journals, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspapers usually circulated in the said County of Southampton.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners shall deem it expedient or proper to shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in the said respective Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places, and any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, or to make the fame Boundary Fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners (with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, and of the Owner or Owners of the said Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made) to set out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary or Boundaries shall be so set out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons in such manner and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners in and by their Award shall order and direct, and the same shall for ever thereafter as between such Lord or Lords of Manors and Owner or Owners of Lands, be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the said respective Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes $ any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons having or claiming any Estate or interest in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall by themselvesor their

5 Agents

287

already made, to be allowed for them.

Compensation so» Commissionera, Clerks, aodSur- veyow.

Meetings and Notices thereof

Other Notice* how to be girsow

For ftiortrning

Boundary

Felices.

Claimi of Rich* to be produced.

388 C. ccxviii.

50 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Power for Commissioner* to set-, tie Disputes.

Coramlffionm not to determine Title to EfUtss.

Power to affris Costj relative to cHfputed (laima Or djdUunt.

Parties may try their Rights by, an XiTue it Law.

Or Determination of Commis-iioncn to be £m].

Agents deliver their respecthre Claims in Writing to the said Commissioners^ at a Meeting to be holden for* that Purpose, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said CommiuioDcrt, expressing the Purpose of such Meeting, shall be given in the Manner hereinbefore directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference (Hall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respectiva Rights and InterefU which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the fame respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments whatsoever, but they shall assign and set out the several Allotments directed to be made unto the Person or Persons having the actual Seisin or Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in right or respect whereof such Allotment shall be made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Obie&ions to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, fee cause to award any Costs, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and the7 are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to set- tie, assess and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid either to the publick Account for or towards the Expence occasioned in or relating to the investigating, settling and determining of such Claim or Claims if finally disallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objection shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Co(ts and Chargee, shall neglect or refute to pay the same on Demand, then, and in every such Case, k shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant uuaer their Hands directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Dif-trefsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods ana Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dif-satisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or InterefU whatsoever, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted* or inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then, and in every such Case, it shall he lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next Assizes, or at the Assizes following the next to be holden for the said County of Southampton; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or against the said Commissioners, if the Subject of their Determination shall be of such a Nature as will affect the Persons in general interested in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination or Order of the said Commissioners shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action o* A&iont shall and he, she or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Afclion or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties (Hall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Ver-di&s, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawfullor the Court to do as is usual io other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or difiillow the Claim ot Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials in which the said Commissioners shall be Defendants; the Costs and Charges payable by the said Commissioners in such Action or A&ious shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Determination of the said Commissioners touchmjf such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall, (in case such Determination shall not be so ob-jected to, or being objected to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner herein for that Purpose mentioned) be final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate.

3 XVIII. Pro-

A.D. 181 o'.

C. ccxviii.

50° GEORGII III.

289

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Perfoji or Persons in whose Favour*any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and again ll whom any A&ian or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners with Process for 'commencing such Action or Actions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Personsfo dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such A£ion or Actions.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable

the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties (except in Cases of Encroachment); but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in PofiTelfion, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until, the Possession shall hav^beep given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.*, /

XX. Provided always* and be it gna&ed, That no such Difference, Dispute or Proceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements pr Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, but the Division or Inclosure hereby directed to be made, shall be proceeded in notwith-Rauding any such Difference, Suit or proceeding; and the said Commissioners shallK by proper Marks and Bounds, set out the Lands and Grounds which mall be allotted in lieu of such litigated Property, io that the fan>e may be distinguished from any other Lands and Grounds, and maybe had and takeu by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit shall be entitled to the same.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to preclude the said Commissioners from adjudging and determining the Quantity and Value of the Land, in virtue whereof mny Person or Persons shall be allowed to have a Right of Common upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to he divided, allotted or inclosed, or any Part thereof, but the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value of all and every such Lands respectively, and rate and effimate the same as to them shall seem just and reasonable, according to the real Value thereof for the Ptirpofei of Husbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value arising from local, temporary; or other peculiar Advantages; and such their Judgment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners or any of them to consider any ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof, in respect of which any Right of Common shall be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof, but the said Commissioners shall rate and estimate all ancient Messuages and Buildings and Suites thereof at an equal Value one with another, and at such Value as they shall think most expedient.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or

Collegiate, shall consider himself, herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the said Commissioners, respecting the Limits pr Boundaries of any Parish, Manor, Township, Hainlet, Di Uriel or Place upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or of any Psriih, Manor, Toftruflrip, ' Hamlet, Dtftritl or Place adjoining thereto, as t]ve fame shall be set out and ascertained by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the said recited Act of the Forty (irll Year of the Reign of His present Majesty/and shall by Writing under their, his or her Hands or Hand give Notice to the said Commissioners, within One Calendar Month next after such Determination, of his, her or their Desire to have the fame determined by an lffuc at Law, instead of an Appeal to the Quarter-Seffious, under the Pfoviiion of the last recited Act, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful-for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so diiTatisfied with such Determination, to hav* the fame ascertained by Trial of an Issue at Law under the Provisions of this Act in case of any disputed Right or Claim, vjt; -. £ 1 -

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bushes, Underwood or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever (other than and except the said Persons called Purlieu Owners, or Owners of Soil respectively, for the Purpose of digging or searching for, and carrying away any Gravel or Stone for the Repair of Road*) then, and in every such Case, on due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to adminifier, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby require^ by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause fmy Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premise. % rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducting the Coils and Charges attending such Distress and Sale 5 and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Colts, Charges and Expences of obtaiuing and executing this Act.

50 Geo. III. Pp XXIV. Ami

In caTe of Death

of Parties before A<*ti ms brought, the same to be carried on and

del ended in their Names.

Persons in Possession not to he moldled without due Course of Law.

Trials not to suspetid the Execution of the Powers of the Act.

Commissioners may adjudge Quantity anti Value of Lauds, &c. but all ancient Messuages considered of equal Value,

Trial ol Parochial Boundaries i.y an Ilfue at Law inffewl of Appeal to Q >art*l- > ScUiooa.

r

Taking Turf,

[Penalty.]

290

Perform who Km Cota* monage for T wcuty Year*, ronfulered to have a Right of ComTDOCU

Encroachments to be aUouble.

Power to turn and Hop Roads.

Allotments for Repairs of Roads.

CommHConets empowered to luru Waier-courses.

Lawt to be ibid for Payment of Rapeuces.

C.ccxviii. 5b0 GEORGII III. A.D. 1810.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being Owner or Owners of any Messuages, ancient Buildings or Scites thereof, Lands or Tenements, in whatsoever Manor, Parish, Township* Hamlet, District or Place the same are situate, the Owners or Occupiers whereof for the time being, have for Twenty Years last past had and actually enjoyed any Right or Rights of Common, upon the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, for or in respect of such Messuages, ancient Buildings, Scites, Lands or Tenements respectively, save and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) shall be deemed and taken to have in respect of such their Estates, a Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, or the Part or Parts thereof to which such Usage shall have extended, without shewing any other Title than such Usage, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the fame respectively, in the same Proportion as other Persons entitled to Common thereon respectively shall be entitled unto, regard being had to the particular yearly Value of their respective Estates, in respect whereof they have enjoyed or are entitled to such Right of Common: Provided aevertheless, that the Provision last hereinbefore contained shall not any wife affeft any*-Parishes, Hamlets, Places or Persons having or claiming Right of Common on the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof respectively, other than such as shall claim under such Provision, if they shall be able to support such Claim independent of such Enjoyment, in case the same shall happen to be objected to or contested.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the (kid Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, (except His Majesty's said Land) within the respective Manors or Places in which the same are situate, and which have been made within the Space of Thirty Years now last past, and for which no Licence, Content or Grant shall have been obtained from the Lord or Lords of such respective Manors, or Persons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, shall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted or inclosed by virtue of this Act, as if the fame were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may turn or abate and flop up, or cause or order to be turned or abated and stopt up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the said Old Inclosurca? within the said Parishes, Towoships, Hamlets or Places, where they shall judge it requisiteor expedient, giving such Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections as in the said recited Act of the Forty iirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is directed and required in the Case of setting out the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and observing the Directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace previous thereto, and subject to an Appeal to the Quarter-Sessions as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after setting out publick Roads and Highways as by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed, to set out and allot unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places within which the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed respectively lie, so much and such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and in such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, (other than and except His Majesty's said Lands and the said Six hundred Acres herein after directed to be veiled in and awarded to the King's Majesty, and to the said Thomas Thifllethwayte in Compensation of his Rights as Warden of the said Forest) for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Repairs from time to time for ever of the publick and private Roads and Highways within such respective Parities, Township, Hamlets and Districts 5 and the Grass and Herbage arising therefrom shall be veiled in such Persons as the said Commissioners shall allot the fame unto.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to direct, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs and Watercourses, within the Lands and Grounds hereby directed tt> be divided, allotted and inclosed to be carried and conveyed in such Courses and through such of the said Lands and Grounds so hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they in their Discretion shall think necessary and proper for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always* that no such Streams of Water, Springs or Watercourses, shall be diverted or turned without the Consent of the Person or Persons from and into whose Lands the same shall be carried or conveyed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall mark and set out such Part and Parts of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed (other than and except His Majesty's fard Lands, and the said Six hundred Acres so herein after vested in and awarded to the King's Majesty, and to the said Thomas Thistlethwayte in Compensation of hie Rights as Warden of the said Forest as aforesaid) as by the Sale thereof, will, in the Judgment of the said Commimoners*. raise a sufficient Sum of Money, to defray and discharge all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining andpaffing of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and of furveving, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, fenced, allotted and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, and of surveying, ad-measuring and planning such other Lands as shall by virtue of this Act be surveyed, measured and planned, and a'l the Charges of the said Commissioners, their Assessors, Clerks, Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the several Person9 to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the fame, and all the Expences of forming, completing and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways, to be set out by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners* as soon after the passing of this Act as they shall thir.k proper*,

A.D. 1810. 50° GEORGII III. CVccxviii, 291

and fb from time to time a* often as they shall think necessary, to fell by publick Sale by Auction, in the manner and subject to the Directions and Regulations mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act Onto any Person or Persons, such Part or Parts of the said Open Commonable Lands and Gruuuds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they shall mark and set out and deem sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Purchase Money of the said Lands so to be sold as a fort said shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners for such Purchase Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers for the fame; and immediately after such Receipt or Receipts shall be given to such Purchaser or Purchasers, the Allotments, Pieces or Parcels of Land so pur-< ha fed by him, her or them, shall by virtue of this Act become vested in him, her or them, and his, her and their respective Heirs and Assigns, in absolute Fee Simple, and shall be inclosed and held in Severalty, by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively as his, her or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners, and the said Purchase Money shall be applied in defraying such Charges and Expences as aforesaid*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parts of the said Open Commonable Lauds and Surplus pro-Grounds hereby directed to be sold as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be sold for more Money than will be ducedbySble* required to defray such Cods, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, such Surplus p^cfeJ^sween Money shall be divided and apportioned, between the several Purlieu Owners, and other Persons interested in Fee^rconUuc to the Lauda and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, (except the Surveyors of the their Imereti*. Highways, in respect of their Allotments as Surveyors as aforesaid) in such Shares as shall be in proportion to &icp tb«r respective Property, Rights and Interests; and the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple ot their respective Allotments shall be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of such Other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the bud recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growsag thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every fetch ran BaE be repaid the fame, with Intereil after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* out of the Eirft Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act for defraying such Expences.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any of the Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be desirous of having the whole of their respective Shares and Allotments of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, set out and allotted to them without any Abatement for or in respect of the Sales hereinbefore directed for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall by themselves or Agents signify the fame in Writing to the said Commissioners at the time of delivering in their respective Claims as hereinbefore directed, or within such time ?fterwards as shall be limited mad prescribed by the said Commissionera, then, and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot to such Persons respectively, all such Shares and Proportions of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds as they would have been severally entitled to under and by virtue of this Act, in case no Provision had been hereby made for Sale of any Part of the fame Lands or Grounds, and without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever on that Account, and to adjust and settle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by such several Persons, their Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of their several and respective proportionable Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution 5 the same to be paid and recovered in such and the feme manner and under such and the fame Powers and Authorities as herein after provided in respect to any Deficiency in the Monies to arise by Sale as aforesaid: AuiiW uevertbeless, that nothing herein contained shall give to the said Commissioners any Power to chaise fecfc^Must interested as aforesaid, with any Part of the Expences attending or occasioned by the Sales herein-

Money tdt tnrdt

to be repaid with Imereti.

Persons defmms of paying in Money exempt from Opemtions of the rower oS Sale.

XXXIIL' And be it further enacted, That in case the Monies to be raised by such Sale as aforesaid shall .Surplus Ex-not fee foficaeat to pay and defray all the Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall pence* of Aa be borne and paid by the several Persons commonly called Purlieu Owners, or Persons interested in the said 10*&<!

intended Division and Inclosure, (except the Lord Bishop of Winchester and the said Warden and Scholars, Rale* Oerk* of Ss'mt Mary College of Wlncbrjler near Winchester, and their respective Successors, and also except the Surveyors of High ways in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as Surveyors) in such Ruts, Shares and Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such times and manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or by any other Writing or Writings, under their Hands* either previous to or after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct and appoint, according to the Value of their respective Allotments in the said Open Commonable Lands or Grounds; and the said Com-uriffionera are hereby authorized and required from time to time and as often as they shall deem it necessary and proper, either before or after the Execution of their said Award, to raise the Amount of such Deficiency, by a Rate or Rates accordingly; and in case any such Persons called Purlieu Owner or Owners* or other Person or Persons interested as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to j>ay his, her or their Share, Part or Proportion of such Costs, Charges and Expences, according to such Order, Direct ion and Appointment as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the feme shall and may be levied and recovered in manner directed by the said recited Act.

P p a XXXIV. And

A.D. 188 id.

292 Cccxviii.

5b0 GEORGII III.

Allotments to the King.

Conjnoiflkmm to irt out Kmd* to

Hi* Mjijciiy'*

AUocniems.

A'lotment to Mr. 'lhitlle-

tlivcHv ie in Gun- penlaiionoi his as VYai-deu of the Ft* eft.

Award inrolled.

Appcrtioiiir" the several lWtons to Lear an eq»; al Share in the King'* Allot xnent, and in Mr. TIulMeilnvayte's, for difafforclting Forest.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as his and their own proper Demesne Lands and Effaces, all and Angular the said Lands hereinbefore mentioned to be His Majesty's Demesne Lands, confiding of Three Parcels of Land (kuate and being in the East Walk, and West Walk aforesaid, and containing in the whole Nine hundred and twenty nine Acres, and Fifteen Perches or thereabouts, and now distinguished from the other or remaining Lands, and also so much and such Part and Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds herein* before described, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres, and mentioned to be (lipulated between the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the said Thomas Thftlethwayte and the said several Persons called Purlieu Owners, as the Consideration to His Majesty and to the said Warden for difafforefting the said Forest and Loss of Privilege and Patronage as aforesaid, as shall be awarded to the King's* Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by John Vernon of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire* Nathaniel Kent of Craig*j Court, in the City and Liberty of Westminster* Gentleman, and Abraham Purjhouse' Driver of the Kent Road, Land Surveyor, their Umpire or any Two of them the Persons elected and cbofeiv to arbitrate between His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Thomas 'Thistlethwayte, together with all and singular Erections, Buildings, Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood Handing and being thereof respectively; and which said Lands and Hereditaments shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become-and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed, ex* onerated and for ever discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Pasture and Turbary, Common of Eftovers, and other Rights or what Nature or Kind soever, of all and singular the Persons called Purliet* Owners, Freeholders, Copyholders, Lessees, Tenants and Inhabitants of the said several Pari (lies, Townships^ Hamlets or Places of Sober ton, Hambledon, Catherington, Blendworth, Bedhampton, Kingston, Portsjfaxe other* wife Portsea, Farlington, Wymering, Widley, Southwick, West Bur hunt, Portchester, IVicor and Withhamr and every of them, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, and shall be made and kept by and under the Direction and Care of His Majesty's Surveyor Gener3 of Woods for the time being, under the Order and! Controul of the Lords of the Treasury, as Nurseries for Wood and Timber ouly, and for no other Use, Intent; or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set cut such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to His Majesty, his Heirs, Suc-

(effors and Assigns, and his Surveyor General of his Woods, and the Deputy, Clerks and Servants of such. Surveyor General, convenient Access to the fame Allotments and to his said Lands.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be vested in the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, his Heirs and Assigns (exclusive of any other Allotment or Compensation to be made to him by virtue of this Act as Owner of the Soil, or for Commonage in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Scites, Lands or Tenements in his Possession or Occupation, or his Tenants or Lessees) so much and* such Part or Parts being the Rest and Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore described, containing in the whole Six hundred Acres as aforesaid, and mentioned to be stipulated between the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the {sa&Thomas Thistlethwayte, and the foidr several Persons called Purlieu Owners, as such Consideration as aforesaid, iu lieu of and as a Compensation to the said Thomas Thistlethwayte for his Loss of Privilege and Patronage as such Warden of the Lid Forest upon difafforefting the fame, as shall be awarded to the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, his Heirs or Assigns, by the said John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhouse Driver, or any Two of them; and the lame shall be for ever held and enjoyed in Severalty by the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, his Heirs and Assigns, freed, exempt and absolutely discharged of and from all manner of Right of Common whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award of the said John Vernon, Nathaniel Kent and Abraham Purjhouse Driver, be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on-Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, such Award or the Inrolment thereof to be produced, read and received, in Evidence on all Occa (ions where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, his Heirs and Assigns, in respect of the Parts and Proportions of the said Six hundred Acres ol Open or Commonable Lands and Grounds hereinbefore mentioned and described, and vested in them respectively under and by virtue-of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized, empowered and directed to fever from the Lands called Purlieus of each Person called Purlieu Owner, whose Lands shall not have contributed to the said Six hundred Acres hereinbefore directed to be awarded to the King's Majesty and the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, as such Consideration as aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of his, her or their Land or Lands respectively, or otherwise make-such a Compensation as will be a proportionate Consideration to and as much as such Person Purlieu Ownetv ought in the Judgment of the said Commissioners to bear and contribute towards making good unto the said; other Persons called Purlieu Owners out ot whose Lands called Purlieus, such Six hundred Acres shall be so* taken and made to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, his Heirs and Assigns respectively, as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to* set out and allot the fame in like manner as if the fame Six hundred Acres had originally been taken in equaL Shares from every Division of Land called Purlieu within the said Forest, in order to do equal Justice to all. the > Owners of such Lands.

A.D. 1810v 50° GEORGII III. C. ccxviih 293

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Survey and Value of the said Forest shall have been completed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are Hereby authorized and required to separate and fct apart such Pieces or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and in such Place or Places in the same as they shall think proper (other than and except His Majesty's said Lands and the said Six hundred Acres so directed to be awarded to the King's Majesty and the said 'L'homcis Thiflkfhwayte as aforesaid) as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) be equal in Value to Ten Acres, at the Average Value of the fame Lands and Grounds, and to allot and award the said Ten Acres unto and for the said Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks for the time being, Thomas ThiJUe-thwayte Esquire, and George Gartner Esquire, to be respectively held and enjoyed by the respective Persons aforesaid, and their Successors and Heirs, as Freehold in Fee, for the Use and Benelit of such Person and Persons as may be duly appointed to serve as Minister or Ministers of any Chapel or Chapels which may hereafter be built, conlecraled and set apart for the publick Worship of Almighty God, according to the Laws Ecele-fiastical of this Realm, within the said Forest, for the Use of such Person and Persons as may from time to time inhabit Houses upon the said Forest; and the Nomination and Appointment of the Minister or Miniflersto such Chapel or Chapels shall he and is hereby vested in the said Lord Bishop of IV'mchcJler, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks, and their Successors for the time being, such Nomination and Appointment to be made by them alternately, the First Nomination and Appointment to be made by the said Lord Bishop of lVinchester, and his Successors for the time being; and until a Chapel or Chapels shall be To built and consecrated, and a Minister or Ministers thereof duly appointed and licensed by the said Lord Bishop, the Rents, I flues and Profits of such Pieces or Parcels of Land as aforesaid shall be by the said respective Trustees thereof, placed out at Ir.terest on Government Securities, and the Principal and Interest Monies arising or to arise from such Rents and Profits shall accumulate and be applied towards discharging the Expences of building any Chapel or Chapels, and House or Houses which may hereafter be erected and built within the said Forest for the Re-fidence of the officiating Minister or Ministers of such Chapel or Chapels, and for the increasing of the Stipend or Stipends of any Minister or Ministers who maybe so nominated and appointed to officiate in such Chapel or Chapels as aforesaid, or purchasing Lands for his or their Use as Glebe

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to fct out and allot unto and for each and every Person called Purlieu Owner (other than and except the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) who shall appear to be entitled to the Soil of any Part of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby direcied to be divided, allotted and inclosed (exclusive of any other Allotments or Compensation to be made to him, her or them respectively, by virtue of this Act for Commonage, in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Scites, Lands or Tenements iu his, her or their respective Possessions or Occupations, or his, her or their respective Tenants or Lessees) so much and such Part and Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed within his, her or their respective Portions of Soil as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Third Part of the fame respectively, prior to any Allotment being made thereout as aforesaid, in lieu of and as a full Compensation for all Right of Soil of such Person called Purlieu Owner or Owners in or to the said Lands and Grounds

Lands to be appropriated lor building dt*Chapels.

Aflot uenta to Pudiru Owner and Owoeca of Soil

hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, due Regard being bad by the said Commissioners to the Quantity, Quality and Situation of such Allotments; and such respective Third Parts shall be for ever held and enjoyed in Severalty by the said several and respective Persons or Purlieu Owners, and Owners of the Soil, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, freed, exempt and absolutely discharged of and from all manner of Rights of Common whatsoever.

XLI. And whereas the Six hundred Acres of Land hereby veiled in His Majesty, being taken out of dif- Allot menu In ferent Parishes, the Persons entitled to the Tithes of such Parishes may be injured thereby; Be it therefore Iku of Tubes', enacted, That oul of the said Open and Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, Allotments shall be made to the Persons entitled to the Tithes of such Parishes of so much Land, and as shall be, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, a full Compensation for such Injury.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in the Refutue allotted, next Place, to set out and allot the Residue of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds respectively to to Persons en-and amorigil all ai d every the Persons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the fame respectively, or any titled to Com-Part or Parts thereof respectively (other than and except the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) in proportion to the real Value of their several and respective Messuages or Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Right of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclosed in, over or upon which their respective Rights of Common shall extend, due Regard being had in settling the Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprised therein; and shall also set out and award every Person's Allotment as near to his Messuage or Messuages, Cottages,

Scites, Lands and Tenements in respect whereof he is or shall be entitled to Right of Common as conveniently

nuy be.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed Right to Tithe* to extend so as to prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the several Reclors, Vicars and not to be pre-Lay Impropriators for the time being of the said several and respective Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places iudiccd' of Soberton, Hambleton, Catherington, Blendavorth, Bedhampton, King sten, Portijfaie otherwise Portsca, Far-iington, Wymcring, Wydley, Southwick, West Bur hunt, Portchester, Wtcor and Wickham, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in or to any Tithes great or small arising or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the same several Parishes, Town-

1 ships*.

C. ccxviii.

50° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

A(|er Allot menu made Hiatus of C.oimnon 10 oeal'e.

Rights of Commen may be susperuled or extiugulihed before the Execution of the Award.

Owners of Common Rights may have their Allotments laid together.

Allotments to be delineated in a Plan, and shewn to Proprietors.

Sale of Allotments before Execution of Awatd.

Co mm* (boners of Treasury «m-ptiw-ered to purchase Lauds,

Allotments to be fenced.

ships, Hamlets or Places respectively; but that such Great and Small Tithes shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they would have been in case this Act had not been made.*»

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after all the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall by Order of the said Commissioners be marked of flaked out, all the several Shares or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of and in full Compensation, Satisfaction and Discharge of all Rights of Common whatsoever which the said Purlieu Owners and other the Proprietors or any of them could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the said Forest and other the said Commonable Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; and from that time all Right of Common whatsoever in or upon the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, shall cease and be for ever annulled, abolished and extinguished: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any time before the Execution of their said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the several Churches or Chapels to each Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place entitled to Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in or pver the said Open and Commonable Lauds and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended, for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the time mentioned in such Writing cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise uot-withstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the several Owners of ancient Messuages, Cottages, Scites or Homedeads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be dedrous that their respective Shares in the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their Common Rights belonging to such Messuages, Cottages, Scites or Homedeads, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, should be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Parcels, and shall express such their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, at such time as the said Commissioners shall limit and appoint, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out the several Parcels of Land to be allotted to such several Persons in One Allotment, and such Allotments shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in that behalf direct and appoint in their said Award.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the respective Shires and Proportions by them propofedtobe allotted to such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in manner aforesaid of the Day or Days and Place where all Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such iatended Allotments, and insped the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule so far as the fame relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may upon Perufalot the said Schedule, and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of One Meeting at lead, to be held by them for hearing Complaints and Objections against such attended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Objections, and their Determinations in the Premises, as to Quantity and Situation, shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XLVI I, Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Persons called Purlieu Owners, or other Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, hath fold or shall at any time hereafter, and before the Execution of the said Award, fell his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over and upon the said Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, on Application made to them for that Purpose by Writing under the Hands of the contracting Parties, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest and Property fold $ and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, after the Completion of such Sale, hold the Land and Ground so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same manner, pursuant to the Terms of such Sale, to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale had not been made, or such Right, Interest or Property, had been veiled in such Vendee at the time of making such Sale as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on behalf of His Majesty, to agree with and to purchase from any of the other Persons called Purlieu Owners, or any other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotments of Land under this Act, all or any Part of their respective Lands, or the additional Allotments to be made to them under this Act, for the tJfe of the same to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors in his and their Right as of Fee; such Lands so purchased to be inclosed and appropriated, in the same manner as His Majesty's Lands and Allotments under this Act> to the Growth and rreservation of Timber.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Outermost or Ring Fences of the several Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted to the Lord Bishop of Winchejttr, and to the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester^ and their respective Successors, and to the several Re&ors and Vicars or other Ministers of the said several Parisheg, having Rights of Commou in respect of their several Glebe Lands and their Successorsi shall be properly planted with good Quickfett and guarded on, each Side

with

A.D. 1810. 56" GEORGII III.: CVccxviiL

with a double Row of Oak, Alh or Elm Polls and Rails, and a sufficient Ditch on each Side shall be made in stich maimer at the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, without any Deduction or Deductions from such Allotment or Allotments, so to be made to the said several Persons entitled thereto, their respective Successors or Assigns, or any of them, on account of such Expences; and all such Fences, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall direct, shall for ever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Person or Persons, who for the time being shall be entitled to such Allotment or Allotments; and all Fences in pursuance of this Act to be made for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested in such Residue, in such Parts and Proportions, and within such time and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award dirt £1 oi appoint.

L. And be it further enacted and declared, That His Majesty's Rights of Forest, within and over the said Prwifo for Hb Forest of South other wise East Bere otherwise B'ter, shall remain and continue veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs flight*

and Successors; and that all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in Force for the Protection of Deer, antin regard toDe«rw for punishing Persons guilty of any Offences in Breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in Force and Effect for the Protection of His Majesty's Deer within the Regard of the said Forest, and for the Punishment of Offenders therein, until such times as the said Commissioners shall appoint; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Allotment or Allot* ments of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so to be allotted, divided and inclosed as aforesaid,

shall be actually inclosed and the Fences thereof completed before the First Day of June in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Owner of any Allotment to hunt and kill any Deer within such Allotment, without being subject to any Pain, Penalty or Punishment for so doing.

LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred Fntritdif-and fifteen, all Right of Soil and Game of Deer, and all other Forestial Rights and Privileges whatsoever of aflbrelUd: the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, and of all other Persons whomsoever, within, upon and over the said Forest of South otherwise East Bere otherwise Bier % or the Regard thereof, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguished; and the whole of the said Forest shall be difaf — forested to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to value all Commissionm t» Timber of every Description whatsoever, and all Underwood, Bushes, Hollies and Thoms, Heiitors and valueTimU«r* Standils, which shall be {landing or growing upon the said Six hundred Acres which shall be so awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Thomas Thifllethwayte, his Heirs and Assigns respectively as aforesaid, and also upon all the other Parts of the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, except His Majesty's said Lands which shall be taken from the present or former Owners thereof and transferred to or allotted to any other Person or Persons at the time of such allotting and dividing as aforesaid; and to direct under their Hands, what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, and by whom, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, or his, her or their Lessees or Tenants, for the Timber, Underwood and Bushes, Hollies and Thorns,

Heritors and Standils, which shall be (landing and growing on any Part or Parts of the said Six hundred Acres so to be awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, his*

Heirs and AssignR, or any of the Lands so to be transferred or allotted to any other Person as aforesaid; and to call upon the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for Payment of the Amount of so much thereof as shall be the Value of the fame, upon such Part or Parts of the said Six hundred Acres, as shall be so* awarded to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and who are hereby authorized and directed to pay" the fame; and in case any Person or Persons shall make Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money at any time or times appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, (except such Part thereof so hereby provided for and directed as aforesaid) then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, together with the Coils and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: Provided Provifh*. always, that in case any Person or Persons on whose Allotment or Allotments any such Timber or other Trees shall be (landing or growing as aforesaid, shall not be willing to purchase the fame, or shall not pay the Money idiredled to be paid for the same at such time as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as well as the Purchasers of such Timber, with Hoifes, Cattle and Carriages to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon such Timber or other Trees shall be (landing and growing, and to cut down and carry away the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall, after deducting the necessary Charges of cutting down and felling the said Timber, be applied and disposed of in the same manner as is before directed in case the said Timber had been pa d for as aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe Ia\Nrf»d to and for the Lord Application of Bishop of Winchester, and his Successors, from time to time to pay and apply all or any Part of the Money F.vh1, I

which shall or may be paid to or received by him or them, or which he or they may be entitled to in Right of the See of Winchester, as the Value of and for any Timber, Underwood, Bullies, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors ftr*, n, V(»0ra. and Standils, which shall be purchased, or taken from him and them, and conveyed, transferred or allotted to limUu. the King's Majesty, or the said Thomas ThiJMethwayte, or any other Person or Persons, under and by virtue of this A6iy in the Purchase of the Land Tax. or Discharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances-.

<295

2g6 C> ccxviii.

50- GEORGII III.

A.D. 1810.

Application of uer Monica.

AlG.fi. (U.K

-c. low.

Prorilb.

'Coromiflloiicra «to nllot in £x-.change.

Ptovik».

Expences of

Exc*ha.Mi; «i flow paid.

Allotments 10 of fante 'J enure.

K> v, r for

r-.noivfnijj Coj»jhol. a.

brances or Part thereof, aflecting any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to the See of IVin- chester, or in the Purchase of the Land Tax, Ceding any Living or Livings, in the Patronage of the said1 See of Winchester.

LIV. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the Monies to be received by all other the Purlieu Owners (other than and except the Lord Bishop of Winchester and his Successors for the time being! for any Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thorns, Heritors and Standils, pursuant to the Clause for the Valuation thereof as hereinbefore is mentioned* shall be paid for as follows; videlicet, the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants -in Fee-simple of and beneficially interested in their respective Allotments shall be paid to them respectively, and the respective Shares of such of them as shall be Trustees for Sale of the Lands in respect of which their Allotments shall be made and of the Timber and other Trees and Underwood thereon, with Power to give sufficient Receipts and Discharges for the Monies to arise by Sale of such Timber and other Trees, and Underwood, shall be paid to such Trustees respectively, and the Shares of such othetf Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in manner directed by the 0 said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands* Tenements or Hereditaments* to be settled to the same Uses.

LV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to restrain or prevent any Persons called Purlieu Owner or Purlieu Owners, prior to any Allotment or Allotments being made to him, her or them by virtue of this Act, from felling or cutting down an/ Timber, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies, Thoms, Heritors and Standils, which shall be (landing, growing or being on the Land called Purlieu or respective Purlieus of each of such Owner or Owners, and of carrying away* felling or disposing of the fame in such and the like manner, in all respects as he, she or they cofuld or might hare done in case this Act had not been made.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to Jet out, allot and award any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in whatsoever Parishes* Township, HamleU -or Places, the same are situate, the Owners whereof are entitled in Right or in respect of the fame ta any Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, in lien k>f and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within any of the Parishes, Township, Hamlets or Places, in which the said Open Commonable Lands or Grounds respectively lie or are situate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as aforesaid, or within any adjoining Paii(h, Hamlet* 'Township or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified and declared, in the said Award of the said Commimoners or some other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or by the Courtesy of England» or for Years determinable oh any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees or Attornies, of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants* Femes Covert, Lunatics or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas or otherwise disabled to act for themselve8* himself or herself, such Content to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of : the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate and under the Hands of the other Parties contenting respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and rffedual, in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese or other Ordinary of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged, shall lie or be situate.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Cods, Charges and Expences, attending the making end completing of all Exchanges and Partitions, under the Powers and Authorities, in this Act, and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act for or in respect of any Freehold E(fates shall be deemed and taken to be and held and enjoyed as Freehold Estates (subject nevertheless to the Seignorial Rights of the Lords of the respective Manors in which the same are situate) and all and every the Allotments to be made for or in respect of any Copyhold or Customary Estates, held of any Manor or Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act respectively lie or^situate, shall be deemed and taken to be as Copyhold or Customary Estates, and shall be held of the Lords of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents and by the fame Customs and Services as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments for which they were so allotted are or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made now do pass.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, with- the Consent of the respective Lord or Lords of the Manor or Minor* of whom any

Messuages*

A.D. 18to. 50° GEORGII IIr. Cccxviii.

Guardnns, Trustees ami Committees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatick6, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever, and also to and for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trusteesor Committees of any Owners or Proprietors being under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners or Proprietors respectively be Tenants for Life, with or without Impeachment of Wade, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Tenants by the Courtesy of England, or Lessee or Lessees for any Life or Lives, for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (other than and except the Lord Bishop of Winchejln % and the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, and their respective Successors, and other than and except the Surveyors of the Highways of the said respective Parishes, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to them as Surveyors as aforesaid), by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Freehold Part, and by Surrender or Surrenders duly passed, according to the Custom or Customs of the Manor whereof the fame is, are or shall be holden, to charge the Copyhold Part of such Lands and Grounds, as shall be allotted to such Owners and Proprietors respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, for defraying their respective Proportions or the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and of inclosing and subdividing their respective Allotments, as the said Commissionen shall think proper for such Purpose 5 the same to be paid for by such Person or Persons, and to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and for feenring the Repayment oi such Sum and Sums of Money with Interest for the fame, tb grant, lease, demise, mortgage, surrendfcr or otherwise subject their said respective Allotments or any Part thereof, unto amy Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years as to the Freehold Part thereof, and for such Estate, Term or Interest as to the Copyhold Part thereof as shall be conformable to the Custom of thte respective Manors, so that any such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security be made with a Proviso or Condition to ceaie and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured and the Interest thereof shall be fully paid and satisfied; and so that in every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security which shall be made by any IVrfon or Persone interested in, or entitled unto the-Premises for the Term of their-riatural'Life only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained stProviso or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby secured during their respective Lives; and no Person afterwards becoming seised or possessed of the said Premises shall be liable to the Payment of any further or Iaiger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the time at which the Title to such Possession shall Jmve commenced; and every such Grant, Lease, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security of the said Premises shall be good, valid and effectual ift the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations as are by the said recited Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His-preftnt Majesty, or by this Act directed to be made final or conclusive, and save and except in such cases wherein an JfTue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore directed), then, and in every such Case, he, she or they may appeal to the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Southampton, within Six* Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners Xwenty one Days previous Notice of such Appeal; and the Justices of the said Quarter-Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matters of every such Complaint, and make such Order therein, and to award such Colls as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Warrant^to levy the Costfc which shall be so awarded by Did refs*and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the.Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deduding the reasonable Charges; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Writs whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lefien or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the said several Purlieu Owners, or of any other Person or Persons who shall or may be respectively for the time being Lord or Lords of any Honor or Honors, Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, Jurisdiction or Jurisdictions, or reputed Honor, Manor, Lordship or Jurisdiction, within the Limits whereof the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed or any Part thereof respectively are comprized, of, in or to any Seigniories, Royalties, Fisheries, Free Warrens, Manorial Rights, Ecclesiastical Rights and other Rights, Customs and Services incident or belonging to such Honors, Manors, Lordships or Jurisdictions or any of them; but that the said Lords hereinbefore particularly named, and such other Lord or Lords for the time being, shall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents and Services, Courts and Vifttations, Perquisites and Profits of Courts and Visitations, Fines, Free Warrens, Franchises, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Escheats and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences and Appurtenances to such Honors, Manors, Lordships or Jurisdictions respectively incident, belonging, appending or appertaining (except the Right of the Soil of the said Purlieus or Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and other the Forestial and Common Rights for which Compensation is hereinbefore directed to be made) in as full, ample and beneficial manncF as they respectively could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had cot been made.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or any wife be construed to extecd so as to charge or make chargeable the Lord Bishop of fVln.heficr or lus Successors or

tke

299

Appeal.'

Saving of Relit* of L.mis or the > Manure

IV vifi/for IV; (1i<j» of Win--chclUr and Wan*

I

C.cc>yiii. so* GEORGII III. A.D. 18

the Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester or their Successors or any of them, with the Payment of any of the Costs, Charges and Expences which shall be occasioned or incurred by reason or means of any Disputes or Differences or of any Trials at Law touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the Right of the Soil or of any Rights of Common or other Rights and Interesta.k, over or upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed onany Part or Parts thereof; but that the several and respective Shares and Proportions of the said Lord Bishop of Winchester, and Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, and their respective Successors, of all such Costs, Charges and Sixpences, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies directed to be raised by virtue of this Act; and that the said Lord Bishop of Winchester, and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester ana their respective Successors shall be and they are hereby severally and respectively indemnified from all such Costs, Charges and Expences accordingly.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exempt the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the Payment of a due and just Proportion of all the Costs, Charges and Expence* attending any such Disputes, Differences or Trials at Law which may be had, brought or instituted against the said Lord Bishop of Winchester and Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester near Winchester, and their re(pe£ive Successors, touching the aforesaid Claims; but the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to adjjuft and: settle all such Costs, Charges and Expences so and in such manner as that each and every Person interested -in the said Division and Inclosure may pay and bear, his, her and their due and just Proportion thereof, (other than and except the^laid Lord Bishop of Winchesterf and the said Warden and Scholars Clerks of Saint Mary 'College of WinchcJUr near Winchester J, n

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed Wood- to extend so as to prejudice, ieffen, defeat or alter the Right, Title or Interest of James-Tooher Esquire, in crotu*10 an<* toa certain'Piece or Parcel of Land called Woodcroftc % in the said County of Southampton, Part of the

Manor of Hinton Daubney in the said County 5 but that the same shall remain subject to the same Rights and Privileges in all respects as if this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless, that the said Piece, or Parcel of Land called Woodcrofts, be not within the Regard or Bounds of the said Fore ft intended to be hereby inclosed.

'Ctiienl Saving. LXXIV. Saving always to the Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Alligns, all such Ellate, .Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or ^xtingujflied) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed in, to or x>ut of the said Foteft and Open Commonable Lands And Grounds, as they, every or any of them, nom have or hath or could Lave had and eujoy<d.therein in case this Actl had not been made.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, Thatnthis Act shall be printed by the Printei to the King's Most .Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall; be admitted as Evidence-thereof bjn all Judges, Justices and other*.

den ai.u Scholars of Winchester College.

The King to hear Proportion of Costs.

'Proviso for James Toolcer

THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

50 GEORGE III. 1810.

[ Vol. IV. Part I. Price 18$. m Boards.]

Prvutd by Bit Mtyejky't StUkk mi Lam ftijtm, Jmtdm, »tio.

[Index removed.]

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Primo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty second Day of June, Anno Domini

S 1807in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the

Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith 7

and from thence continued, by several Prorogations and Adjournments, to the Fifteenth Day of January

1811, being the Fifth Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain,

and Ireland!*.

CAP. I.

An Act to provide for the Administration of the Ropl Authority, and for the Care of His*

Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness; and for the Resump-tion of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

[5th February 181 |.J

WHEREAS by reason of the severe Indisposition with which it hath pleased God to afflict the King's

Most Excellent Majesty, the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty is, for the

present, so far interrupted, that it becomes necessary to make Provision for assisting His Majesty in the Ad-.

mini ft rat ion and Exercise of the Royal Authority, and also for the Care of his Royal Person during the ' continuance of His Majesty^ Indisposition, and for the Resumption of the % Exercise of the Royal Authority

by His Majesty; Be it therefore easted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Royal Highness George Augujhii Frederick Prince of Wales shall have full prince of Wa!e

Power arid Authority, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, and under the Stile and Title of appomje4 f

u Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandto exercise and administer the Royal Power R«gc«t. -, and Authority ta the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland belonging, andta

life, execute and perform all Authorities, Prerogatives, Acts of Government and Administration of the fame, 11

which lawfully belong to the King of the said United Kingdom to use, execute and perform ? subject to such '

Limitations, Exceptions, Regulations and Restrictions, as are herein after specified and contained; and all and every Act and Acts which shall be done by the said Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and according to the Powers and Authorities hereby \rfted in him* 1 r>

shall have the fame force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as the like Acts would have tf done by His t

Majesty himself, and shall to all Intents and Purposes be full and sufficient Warrant to all Persons acting under

the Authority thereof; and all Persons shall yield Obedience thereto, and carry the fame into Effect, in the same manner and for the fame Purposes as the fame Persons ought to yield Obeaience to and carry into Effect.

the* like Acts done by His Majesty himself 5 any Law, Courte of Office, or other Matter or Thing to the

contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That as to all Authorities given and Appointments made in the NSme and" Fnrm of Signa-©n the Behalf of His Majesty, and all other Acts, Matters and Things usually done under the Authority of the' turc of Reg«r»t. Royal Sign Manual, the Signature of the Regent in the Form following 5 that is to say, George P. K.'or its cases where the Royal Signature has usually been affixed m Initials only, then in the Form G. P. R., (half be1 ns valid and effectual, and bave the lame Force and Effect as His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, and shall be deemed and taken to be to all Intents ani fuiposes His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, and beobeyfed*1

as such.: - -'*'.* J ;...;

51 Geo. III. R r III. And

302

When Powers of AO to cease.

AOt of Regent to remain, imless countermanded by His Majesty.

In what Cases

only AOs of Regent valid.

Regent to take

the following Oaths*

Regent on taking Oaths, to subscribe Declaration 30 Car. a. Skat, 1. and produce Certiti-cute of h iving taken the Sacrament.

Proviso as to Regent granting Peerages, Jcc.

As to Regent v granting Offices In Reversion, icC Exception.

1. 5i* GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

III. And be it further enacted, That when His Majesty shall by the Bieffing of God be restored to such % State of Health as to be capable of resuming the Personal Exercise of his Royal Authority, and shall have declared his Royal Will ana Pleasure thereupon, as herein after provided, all and every the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, for the Exercise and Administration of His Royal Power and Authority, or for the using, executing and performing the Authorities, Prerogatives, Acts of Government and Administration of the fame, which belong to the King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to use, execute and perform, or for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, shall cease and determine; and no Act, Matter or Thing, which, under this Act, and previous to such Declaration might be done in the Administration of His Majestys Royal Power and Authority, or in the using, exercising or performing any such Authorities, Prerogatives, Acts of Government or Administration as aforesaid, or in the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, if done after such Declaration of His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, be thenceforth valid or effectual.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons holding any Offices or Places, or Pen-fioijs during His Majesty's Pleasure, at the time of fuc|j Declaration, under any Appointment or Authority of the Regent, or Her Majesty, under the Provisions of this Act, shall continue to hold the fame, and to use, exercise and enjoy all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges and Emoluments thereof, notwithstanding such Declaration of the Resumption of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, unless and until His Majesty shall declare his Royal Will and Pleasure to the contrary; and all Orders, Acts of Government or Administration of His Majesty's Royal Authority, made, issued or done by the said Regent, before such Declaration, shall be and remain in full Force and EfFeft, until the same shall be countermanded by His Majesty.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Acts of Regal Power, Prerogative, Government or Administration of Government, of what Kind or Nature soever, which might lawfully be done or executed by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, personally exercising his Royal Authority, shall, during the Continuance of the Regency by this Act established, be valid and effectual, unless done and executed in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, by the Authority of the said Regent, according to the Provisions of this Act, and subject to the Limitations, Exceptions, Regulations and Restrictions herein after contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Regent, before he shall act or enter upon his said Office of Regent, shall take the following OathB:

4 T DO fiocerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majestf

King George. So help me GOD.

y DO solemnly promise and swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of Regent of the.

*United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, according to an Act of Parliament passed ir\ the Fifty first

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here inferl the Title of this Aid'] 5 4 and that will administer, according to Law, the Power atxl Authority vested in me by virtue of the said Act 5 and that will in all Things, to the utmost of my Power and Ability, consult and maintain the Safety Honour and Dignity of His Majesty and the Welfare of his People. So help me GOD.

4 J DO faithfully promise and swear. That I shall inviolably maintain and preserve the Settlement of the true Protestant Religion, with the Government, Worstiip, Discipline, Rights and Privileges of the Church, of Scotland, as established by the Laws made there in Prosecution of the Claim of Right, and particularly by. 4 an Act, intituled, An Act for securing the Prutejlant Religion, and Presbyterian Church Government, and by 4 |he Acts passed in the Parliament of both Kingdoms, for Union of the Two Kingdoms.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oaths shall be taken before His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council; who are hereby required and empowered to administer the same, and to enter the fame in the Books of the said Privy Council.

VIt. And be it further enacted, That the said Regent shall, at the time of his taking such Oaths as aforesaid, and before the Members of the Privy Council administering the fame, make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the Declaration mentioned in an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual prefer ving the King7s Person and Governrneatf by disablin* PapiJU from fitting in either House of Parliament; and shall produce a Certificate of his having received the Sacrament of the Lord's, Supper in any of the Rayal Chapels, signed by the Person administering the fame; which Certificate shall be {efficient Evidence of the said Regent's having received the Sacrament; and such Declaration and Certificate shall respectively be registered in the Books of the Privy Council.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, if Parliament shall be then assembled, and shall have boen fitting for Six Weeks immediately previous to the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or if Parliament shall be then assembled, but shall not have been so fitting for Six Weeks, then until the Expiration of Six Weeks after Parliament shall have been fuassembled and been fitting; or if Parliament shall not then be assembled, then until the Expiration of Six Weeks after Parliament shall have been assembled and fitting, next after the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Regent shall not have or exercise any Power or Authority to grant, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, any. Rank, Title or Dignity of the Peerage, by Letters Patent, Writ of Summons, or any other manner whatever, or to sum-ion any Person to the House of Lords by any Title to which such P'erson shall be the Heir Apparent, or to determine the Abeyance of any Rank, Title or Dignity of Peerage, which now is or hereafter shall be ia Abeyance, in favour of any of the Coheirs thereof by Wnt of Summons, or otherwise.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Regent shall not, until after the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or the Expiration of such Six Weeks as aforesaid, have

Power

3°3

A.D. 1811. j i* GEORGII III.

Power or Authority to glint, in the Name or on the Behalf of His Majesty, any Office or Employment whatever, in Reversion, or to grant for any longer Term than during His Majesty's Pleasure, any Office, Employment, Salary or Pension whatever, except such Offices and Employments in Possession for the Term of the natural Life, or during the good Behaviour of the Grantee or Grantees thereof respectively, as by Law mu ft be so granted: Provided always, that nothing herein contained, shall in any manner asse£l or extend to prevent Prorifo or rest rain the grauting of any Pensions under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts ft G. 3. c. net tit Westminster Hath ana alp) of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster Hall, on their Resignation of their reffirflive Offices; a: .d of another Act passed in the - Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the 48 G 3 3.14; . Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, uften the Resignation of their Office:; and of another Act passed in Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of 40 G.; (I)o King9: Bench, Mafier of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts vf Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Cotnmi/fiary of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of ti e County of Dublin, and Assistant Bar rifle rs of the several other Counties, on the Resignation of their respective.Offices; and to amend an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Chief and oth r Judges of the Courts of King9: Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom; or to prevent or restrain the granting of any Pensions out of the Revenues of the British Territories in the East Indies, under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, to such Persons ns may have held the Office of Chief Justice or other Judge in the SupremeCourts of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal and at Madras, and the Office of Recorder of Bombay

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall in any manner affect prov; (0 , or extend to prevent or restrain the granting of any Pensions under the Provisions of an Act passed in the forty f rentingV Perr* first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Horn under 41 .Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more Jfieedy and effectual Execution to the Dt- G. 3. (U.K.) trees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, and of another Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present c. 9^;

Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectual manning His^ % c. 1 9,

Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta, and tn the Bermudas and Bahama I (lands; and

Ifo of another Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encourage- 45 G. 3. c. 71.

meat of Seamen, and for the better and more ejfifie dually manning of His Majesty's Navy.

XI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to era- As to empower-. power the said Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, to give the Royal Assent to any Bill int Regent or Bills in Parliament, for repealing, changing, or in any respect varying the Order and Course of Succession to?|!ve the Roy*| the Crown of this Realm, as the fame (lands now established by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the x> x ° Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and Better fe- c. a. curing the Rights and Liberties of the Suljed; or to any Act for it pealing or altering the Ad made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Public 13 Cir. a. c. 4* Prayer: and Admiuiflration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies, and for efhblfhirg the Form of makingf ordaining and eonjecrating Bishops, PrieJls and Deacons in the Church of England; or the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, made in Scotland, intituled, An Act for securing the Protestant Scotch Act. Religion and Presbyterian Church Government.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if His said Royal Highness George Augustus Frederick Prince Regtm refilling of Wales shall not continue to be resident in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or shall at any 1the Kingdons. time marry a Papist, then and in either of such cases, all the Powers and Authorities veiled in His said Royal 1

Highness by this Act, shall cease and determine.*

XIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person should be committed to Care of His Ms*

the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, together with the foie Direction of such Portion of His Majesty's jesty'* Person,

Household as shall be deemed requisite andfuitable for the due Attendance on His Majesty's Sacred Person, and^, re?, OB 1 and the Maintenance of his Royal Dignity Be it therefore enacted, That the Care of His Majesty's Royal

Person, and the disposing, ordering and managing of all Matters and Things relating thereto, shall be, and Majesty's

the same are hereby vested in the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Househo'd, veil.

Indisposition 5 and that the foie Direction of His Majesty's Household, except the Lord Chamberlain of His n H«r Ms-

Majesty's Household, the Captain of the Yeomen of His Majesty's Guard, and the Captain of the Honourable

Band of Gentlemen Pensioners shall be and is hereby veiled in Her Majesty; and Her said Majesty shall have the full and folc Power and Authority, by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing signed and sealed by Her Majesty, to nominate and appoint, in case of any Vacancies arising by Resignation or Death, all the Officers and Persons belonging to His Majesty's Household, in the respective Departments thereof, whose Appointment,

Nomination or Removal have heretofore been made by His Majesty; except the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, and the Gentlemen and Grooms of His Majesty's Bedchamber, His Majesty's Equerries, the Captain of the Yeomen of His Majesty's Guard, and the Cautain of the Honourable Band of Gentlemen Pensioners; and the Nomination and Appointment by Her Majesty, in Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Puiyofes as it the fame had been made or done by His Majesty in the accustomed manner; and the several Persons so appointed shall be entitled to the like Precedence, Privileges, Salaries, Wages, Profits and all other Emoluments, as the several Persons now holding and enjoying the


1

3°, 4

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Officers of Househokt making Appoint* ments.

Council nppolnt-cd to afTift Her Majesty.

Members of Her Majesty's Council 10 take Oath,

Oath.

Her Majesty's Coun- il may examine the Puyficians and others upon Oath.

-Council to meet, and declare State of His Majesty's Hea th; Copy of Declaration transmitted to President of Privy Council.

C. 1..ji' GEORGII III. A.D. 181t.

fame Offices are respectively entitled to: Provided always, that the Power and Authority given by this Act to Her Majesty, to nominate and appoint such Persons of His Majesty's Household as are not'hereinbefore .excepted, shall continue in force until the said first Day of February, or the Expiration of such Six Weeks as aforesaid, and no longer: Provided also, that Her said Majesty shall not have any Poweror Authority to remove any Officer in any Department of His Majesty's Household, by this Act made subj'ed to the Nomination or Appointment of Her Majesty, who shall have been nominated and appointed by His Majesty: Provided also, That untH the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, no Appointment shall be made*to the Office of Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, now vacant, but that all the Duties of the said Office shall be performed'by the Vice Chamberlain 5 and that during such Period as aforesaid, no Person holding the Office of Gentleman or Groom of His Majesty's Bedchamber, or being One of His Majesty's Equerries, shall be subject to be removed; and no Vacancy which shall arise by Death or Resignation of any of the Grooms or Gentlemen of His Majesty's Bedchamber, or of His Majesty's Equerries, shall be supplied or filled up, or any Appointment or Nomination made to supply any such Vacancy.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer in His Majesty's Household who is by this Act put under the Direction of Her Majesty, to make any Appointment to any Office to which such Officer may have the Power of Appointment for any longer Period than during His Majesty's Pleasure.

XV. And whereas the Execution of the weighty and arduous Trusts by this Act committed to the Queen's

Most Excellent Majesty, may require the Assistance of a Council, with whom Her Majesty may con-

ljult and advise Be it therefore enacted, That in order to assist and advise Her said Most Excellent Majesty in the several Matters aforesaid, there shall be, during the Continuance of His Majesty's IUness, a a Council, confiding of Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Edward Lord Archbishop of York, James Duke of Montrofcy George Earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham, Heneage Earl of Aylesford, John Lord Eldon, Edward Lord Ellenborough, and the Right Honourable Sir William Grant; which Council shall from time to time meet as Her Majesty shall be pleased to direct, and shall also have Power to meet in manner by this Act directed; and if it mould happen that any of them the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Edward Lord Archbishop of York, James Duke of Montrose, George Earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham» Heneage Earl of Aylesford, John Lord Eldony Edward Lord Ellenborough, or the Right Honourable. Sir William Granty should depart this Life, or by instrument in Writing communicated to Her Majesty, signify their Intention to decline to ad, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, from time to time, by an instrument in Writing signed and sealed by Her Majesty, revocable at her Will and Pleasure, to nominate and appoint some one Person, being or having been a Member of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, to be a Member of the said Council, to advise and assist Her Majesty as aforesaid, in the Room and Place of each and every of the said Councillors so departing this Life, or declining to act as aforesaid; which Nomination and Appointment shall be forthwith certified by an instrument in Writing, signed and sealed by Her Majesty, to the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, and shall be entered in the Books of the said Privy Council.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Member of Her Majesty's Council shall, within the Space of Five Days after his Appointment by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of Her Majesty's Nomination and Appointment in manner aforesaid, take an Oath before the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal, or Commissioners for keeping the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Lord President of His Majesty's Privy Council, or the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, for the time being respectively, or either of them, who are hereby severally and respectively required and empowered to administer the same, when required so to do by any Person so appointed a Member of Her Majesty's Council as aforesaid; and the Person adrttiniftering such Oath, shall give to the Member of Her Majesty's Council taking the fame, a Certificate of the fame having been so taken, signed with his Hand; which Certificate.shall be forthwith transmitted to His Majesty's Privy Council, and entered in the Books pi the said Privy Council; and such Oath shall be in the Form following 5 that is to say,

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will truly and faithfully counsel and advise the Queen's 4 Most Excellent Majesty, according to the best of my Judgment, in all Matters and Things relating so the Trusts committed to Her Majesty, touching the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, and the ResumjStion of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.'

XVII. And be it further enacted, That Her Majesty's Council, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority at all times, when they shall judge*it necessary, to meet, and call before them and examine upon Oath, the Physicians and all other Persons attendant on His Majesty, during the Continuance of his Illness, touching the State of His Majesty's Health; and all Matters relating thereto (which Oath any Member of the said Council is hereby authorized and empowered to administer); and to ascertain the State of His Majesty's Health by all such other ways and means as shall appear to them to be necessary for, that Purpose.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That Three or more of the Members of the Council appointed to assist Her Majesty in the Execution of the Trusts committed to Her Majesty by this Act, shall, in case such Trusts shall then be in force, meet on some Day in the first Week in April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and some Day in the first Week of every Third Month thereafter; and shall, whillt the said Trusts shall continue in force at every such Meeting, declare the State of His Majesty's Health at the time of each of such Meetings respectively, and shall forthwith transmit a Copy of such Declaration to the President of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, or in his Absence to one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, who shall thereupon cause the same to be inserted in the Books of the Privy Council.

8 4 XIX. And

A.D. 181n 5i* GEORGII III. C. i.

XIX. And whereas it is necessary that erFedual Provision should be made that His Majesty may resume the Personal Exercise of his Royal Authority, as soon as His Majesty is reftoredto such a State of Health as to be capable of resuming the fame; Be it therefore enacted, That when it shall appear to Her Majesty the Queen, and to any Four or more of the Council, appointed by this Act to assist Her Majesty in the Execution of the Trust committed to Her Majesty by this Act* assembled at any Meeting held in pursuance of Her Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure signified for that Purpose, or assembled under the Direction of this Act, or in pursuance of His Majesty's Royal W ill and Pleasure signified to Her Majesty and her Council for that Purpose 5 which Council of Her Majesty is hereby required to assemble in the Presence of Her Majesty, upon His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure being signified for that Purpose, that His Majesty is restored to such a State of Health as to be capable of resuming the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, it shall and maybe lawful for Her said Majesty, by the Advice of any Four or more of her said Council, to notify the fame, by an Instrument under Her Majesty's Hand, and signed also by the said Four or more of Her Majesty's said Council, and addressed to the Lord President of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Absence to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and the said Lord President or Secretary of State shall and is hereby required, on the Receipt thereof, to communicate the same to the said Regent, and to summon forthwith a Privy Council, and the Members of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council are hereby required to assemble in consequence of such Summons; and the said Lord President, or in his Absence the said Secretary of State is required, in the Presence of any Six or more Privy Councillors so assembled, to cause the said Instrument to be entered on the Books of the said Privy Council. 1

XX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the said Instrument under the Hand of Her Majesty, and of four or more of her said Council, (Kali have been received and entered as aforesaid, His Majesty shall think proper, by an Instrument under his Sign Manual, to require the Lord President of His Majesty's ^Most Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or, in his Absence, one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to summon a Council in His Majesty's Presence, confiding of any Number of Persons not less than niue, whom His Majesty shall name, and who shall be or shall have been Members of His Majesty's Most Honourable Council, not being Members of Her Majesty's Council, the said Lord President or Secretary of State shall and he i9 hereby required to summon such Persons accordingly; and as well the said Lord President or Secretary of State, as the other Persons so summoned, shall and they are hereby required to attend at the Time and Place appointed by His Majesty; and such Persons so assembled shall be and be deemed to be a Privy Council for the Purpose herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty, by the Advice of Six or more of such Privy Council so assembled, shall signify his Royal Pleasure to resume the Personal Exercise of his Royal Authority, and to issue a Proclamation declaring the fame, such Proclamation shall be issued accordingly, countersigned by the said Six or more of the said Privy Council, and all the Powers and Authorities given by this Act shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty shall be and be deemed to be resumed by His Majesty, and shall be exercised by His Majesty, to all intents and purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if His Royal Highness George Augustus Frederick Prince of Wales shall depart this Life during the Continuance of the Regency by this Act established, or cease to be Regent under any of the Provisions thereof, the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council shall forthwith cause a Proclamation to be issued, in His Majesty's Name, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great hritain and Ireland, declaring the fame: And if Her Majesty the Queen shall depart this Life during the time that the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person shall be committed to Her Majesty according to the Provisions of this Act, the Regent shall forthwith order and direct a Proclamation, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to be issued and published, declaring the fame: And in case the Parliament in being at the time of the issuing of any Proclamation declaring the Death of the Regent or of Her Majesty, or at the time of the issuing of any Proclamation for the Resumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, shall then be separated, by any Adjournment or Prorogation, such Parliament shall forthwith meet and fit.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Proclamation as aforesaid shall issue in any or either of such cases as aforesaid, at any time subsequent to the Diflblution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then issued for assembling a new Parliament, then and in such case the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament to continue during the Space of Six Months and no longer, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame Parliament had not been dissolved or expired, but subject to be sooner prorogued or dissolved: Provided also, that if any such Proclamation as aforesaid shall issue in any or either of such cases as aforesaid, upon or at any time after the Day appointed by any Writ of Summons then issued for calling and assembling a new Parliament, and before such new Parliament shall have met and fat as a Parliament, such new Parliament shall immediately after such Proclamation convene ana fit at Westminster, and be and be deemed to be a Parliament in being, to all intents and purposes, under the Provisions of this Act.

XXIV. And be it also enacted, That in case of the Death of Her Majesty the Queen, the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, and all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by this Act vetted in Her Majesty, touching the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, and the disposing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating thereto, shall be and the same are hereby veiled in Her Majesty's Councu, until doe Provision shall have been made in relation thereto by Parliament: Provided nevertheless, That in such case nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be couftruqd to extend, to empower the Regent, or the said Council,

to

3°S

Her Majesty and Council tm notify His Majesty's Restoration to Health,

to be entered m Books of Privy Council.

After such Entry, His Majesty may, by Sign Manual, require Privy Council to assemble.

When Powers of Ait to cease.

Death of Regent or Her Majesty* Proclamation.

Resumption of the Royal Authority, Parliament to meet*

Proviso for Dili lolution or Expiration of Parliament.

In case of Death of Hen Majesty, in whom Care of His Majesty's Person veiled.

jo 6 C*«

j^ GEORGII III.

A.D. 181L

to nominate, appoint or remote any of the Officers or Persont of His Majesty's Household, by this Act made subject to the Nomination, Appointment or Removal of Her Majesty, until due Provision shall have been made by Parliament in that behalf.

In what Case

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Member of the House of Common* shall Election of accept of any Office of Profit from the Crown, by the Nomination and Appointment of the Regent in the Members voiJ. Name and on behalf of His Majesty* or of Her Majesty the Queen, during the Continuance of the Regency hereby established, the Election of such Member mall be and is hereby declared to be void, and a new Writ shall issue for a new Election, in such and the like manner as if such Person had been appointed to such Office by His Majesty.

Ifluet of Money

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Letters Patent, Letters of Privy Seal, and all other from Civil List lawful Authorities, of what Nature or Kind soever, which have been granted or issued by His Majesty, by to Her Majesty virtue whereof any Payments of any Sum or Sums of Money are directed to be paid out of the Monies appli-Pamil16 Royal cable to the Use of His Majesty's Civil Government, for the Use of the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, or

ami 7* for use of any of the Branches of His Majesty's Royal Family, shall continue to be, and the same are hereby enabled to continue and be of full force and effect respectively, during the Continuance of the Regency by this Act established \ and that Warrants shall be issued by the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Payment of the several Sums therein respectively contained; which Warrant! the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, are hereby respectively required to issue at the usual and accustomed Times, and in the usual and accustomed Manner.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, A>all*lire&, and they are hereby required annually to <Erect the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds to be issued out of the Monies of the Civil List Revenues to the Keeper of His Majesty '8 Privy Purse for the time being, in like manner, and at such Times and in such Proportions as has heretofore been usual and accustomed in respect to the issue of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds as aforesaid; and that the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, and he is hereby authorized and directed, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, out of the Monies so issued to him, to make such Payments, and issue and apply such Sums, not exceeding the Sum of fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds in the Whole in the Year, to such Persons, in such Proportions, and at such Times for such Purposes, and on such Accounts and in such manner as he hath heretofore usually paid, issued and applied the fame by the Authority and Direction of His Majesty 5 and the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, and he is hereby authorized and directed to iuiie and pay to such Person as Her Majesty may think proper to appoint for this Purpose, out of such Sixty thousand Pounds as aforesaid, such Sums of Money, not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and fifteen Pounds in each Quarter of the Year in the Whole, the First Payment whereof shall be made for the current Quarter as Toon as may be after the passing of this Act, as Her Majesty shall, by any Order or Orders in Writing made for that purpose, direct, to be by such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, paid and applied in such Sums and Proportions, and to such Persons and for such Purposes, and upon such Accounts, and in such Manner, as the fame have been heretofore accustomed to be paid and applied, under the immediate Direction and Authority of His Majesty's and such Person, so appointed as aforesaid, Avail, before any such Money shall be issued to him after the passing of this Act, take an Oath before feme one of Her Majesty's Council (which Oath each of Her Majesty's said Council is hereby authorized to administer^, that he will faithfully apply and will justly account to Her Majesty for the faithful Application of such Sums of Money so iflired to him as aforesaid; and such Person, so appointed as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, within One Month after the Receipt of every such Sum as aforesaid, render to Her Majesty's just and true Account of the Application thereof: Provided also, that the Remainder of the aforesaid Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds shall be invested by the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse in some of the Public Funds or Government Securities, in the Name of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the time being, in Trust for His Majesty \ and that the net Surplus of the Revenues of the Duchy and County Palatine of l.ancajicr shall be from time to time paid under the Order of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, into the Hands of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame, and shall by him be invested in some of the Public Funds or Government Securities, in Manner aforesaid; and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall place the said Several Sums on an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled, w Ibe 114 Account of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse p* and that upon the Death or Resignation of the present and every other Keeper of His Majesty's Privy rurfe hereafter to be appointed, all and every the said Stock or Stocks and Sum or Sums of Money arising from the Dividends which shall accrue thereon, shall, immediately vest in the Successor of the present or any future Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse respectively,

and the Keeper ot His Majesty's Privy Purse for the time being is hereby required to lay out and invest the

Dividends so accruing as aforesaid, from time to time, in the Purchase of other Stocks and Securities on the like Account, and that the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the time being, shall from time to time execute Declarations of Truit of all such Funds and Securities, declaring that the same are held in Trust for His Majesty, by Instruments to be executed under his Hand and Seal, to be deposited with Her Majesty.

keeper of Piivy

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, and

Purse and Per- such person fQ to be appointed as last aforesaid by Her Majesty, shall, on or before the First Day of January

1 One thousand«'ght hundred and twelve, and on or before the First Day of January in every succeeding Year itmuance of this Act, respectively take au Oath before the Barons of the Court of Exchequer,

Co, cool. issued annually out of Civil List to His Majesty's Privy Purse.

Application

thereof.

Part thereof at the Disposal of Her Majesty.

Provift*.

Application of Revenues of Duchy of Lancaster.

take Ck?hfy l° during the Continuance of this Act,

or one of them, in the Form following:

I A.B*

A.D. 18m. 5i* GEORGII III. C. i. 30?

4 J A.B do swear, That according to the best of my Knowledge, Belief or Information, no Part of the 0*tb.

4 m Money which has been issued to me for the Service of His Majesty's Privy Purse* by virtue of an A£ty

intituled, An Act [here infer t the Title of this Act], between the First Day of January

4'and the First Day of January has been applied directly or

indirectly for the Benefit, Use or Behoof of any Member of the House of Commons, or, so far as I am concerned, applicable, directly or indirectly, to the Purpose of supporting or procuring an Interest in any Place returning Members to Parliament. So help me GOD.'

XXIX. And whereas an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present 3940 G.j.

Majesty, intituled, An rl3 concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty>

his Heirs and Successors, and also the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort

for thejlme being: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for the Care of the Real and Personal Estate and Property of His Majesty, during his Indisposition, and for the Preservation thereof for the Use and future Disposal of His Majesty Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons having the Care or Care of Hi» Management of His Majesty's Real or Personal Estate or Property, or any Part thereof, now veiled in any Majesty's Real Trustees for the Use of His Majesty, shall be and are hereby made and declared to be subject to the Controul,

Order, Direction, Appointment and Removal of the several and respective Trustees of the Real and Personal prny" unH«c Estate and Property of which they arc respectively in the Care and Management; and shall firm time to 39 A 40 G. 3. time, and whenever required so to do, account to the respective Trustees of the several and respective Parts of c. 88. the Real and Personal Estate and Property of which they so have the Care and Management, for all the Rents, IiTues, Profits, Dividends, Interest and Sums of Money arising or accruing therefrom respectively 5 and shall apply, pay over, lay out, invest or otherwise dispose of the Tame, for the Use of His Majesty, in such manner as shall be from time to time ordered and directed by such Trustees respectively, and as to such Trustees shall appear most adviseable and beneficial for the Care and Improvement of such Real and Personal Estate and Property, and the Preservation thereof, for His Majesty's Use and future Disposal; and all the Real and Personal Estate and Property of His Majesty, in relation to which no Disposition shall have been made by His Majesty before his Illness, and which shall not now be vested in any Trustee or Trustees for His Majesty's Use, shall immediately from and after the passing of this Act vest in the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, His Royal Highness the Regent, and the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the time being, as Trustees thereof for the Use of His Majesty, and for the Protection and Care thereof during His Majesty's Illness, and the Preservation thereof for His Majesty's Use and future Disposal; and Her said Majesty, and His said Royal Highness the Regent, and the Keeper of His Majesty's Pnvy Purse, may appoint a Secretary and such other Persons as may appear to them to be necessary for the Management of and keeping the Accounts of the said Trust, with such Salaries, to be paid out of the Proceeds of the Trust Property, as may appear to the said Trustees to be proper 5 and all Persons in the Care and Management of any Real or Personal Estate or Property, so vested in such Trustees as last aforesaid, under this Act, shall in like manner as aforesaid be subject to the Order, Controul, Direction, Appointment or Removal of such Trustees as last aforesaid, and shall account to such Trustees in like manner as is hereinbefore directed, in relation to such Real and Personal Estate and Property as was vested in Trustees before the passing of this Act; and shall in like manner as aforesaid apply, pay over, lay out, invest or otherwise dispose of the Rents, Issues,

[Proviso.]

Profits, Dividends, Interests and Sums of Money arising or accruing therefrom respectively, according to the Order and Direction of such Trustees as aforesaid: Provided always, that all Dividends arising from any Public Funds or Securities shall be from time to time invested and laid out in the Purchase of other like Funds or Public Securities, unless any other Order or Direction shall be given by the Trustees thereof respectively; and all Trustees in whom any Real or Personal Estate or Property was vested, before the passing of this Act, or in whom the fame is vested by the Provisions of this Act, shall hold all such Estate and Property for the Use and Benefit of His Majesty, and preserve the Produce thereof, and of all Rents, 1 flues. Profits, Dividends,

Interest and Sums of Money arising and accruing therefrom, for His Majesty's Use and Benefit, and for the future Disposal of His Majesty, in case no Disposition shall have been made thereof by His Majesty before his lUness; and all such Real and Personal Estate and Property, and Rents, Issues, Profits, Produce, Dividends, Interest and Sums of Money aforesaid, arising and accruing therefrom, whereof no Disposition shall have been made by His Majesty before his Illness, mall, if no Disposition thereof shall hereafter be made by His Majesty, go and be disposed of according to Law: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained pjrov'f* shall be Conftracd to invalidate or in any manner to affe£l any Disposition which shall have been made, or which shall hereafter be made, by His Majesty, by Deed, Will or otherwise, of any such Property of Pro-feeds thereof as aforesaid, either before or after His Majesty's Illness, which would have been or would be a good and valid Disposition of such Property, if this Act had not passed.

XXX. And wl lereas His Majesty hath been accustomed from time to time, by the Advice and on the Power to ReRecommendation of the Commissioners of the T neafury, to make Grants out of the Droits of the Crown and of pent to dilpoie the Admiralty to Persons concerned or interested in the Capture of any Vessels and Cargoes, or other Property,

condemned to or becoming vested in His Majesty, as Droits of the Crown or of the Admiralty, or for Persons ^dmitaln.

praying for ReKef as of His Majesty's Bounty in any cases of Damage or Injury sustained by them on account of or in any manner connected with any Capture or Prize, or occasioned by any Engagement with Ships of the

Enemy 5' Be it therefore enacted, That the said Regent shall have full Power and Authority, by the Advice and on the Recommendation of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, out of the Droits of the Crown or the Droits of the Admiralty, or any Part or Parts thereof, from time to time to make any such Grants to Persons concerned or interested in the Capture of any Vessels r Casgoes, or other Property, which have been or may hereafter be condemned to or become vested in His

to Majesty

3°8

Bills placed in Exchequer ifTuable thereout in common with ocher Monies.

Orerfbera of the

Poor. tee. to take Account of Number of Persons, &c.

Printed Copier of AS, lcc.transmitted by King's

Majesty as Droits of his Crown, or of the Admiralty, or to any Person or Persons praying for Relief in any Cales of Damage or Injury sustained by or on account of any Matter or 'Piling arising out of or in any manner connected with Capture or Prize, or occasioned by any Engagement with Ships or Vessels of the Enemy, in such manner as His Majesty hath heretofore by the Advice of the said Commissioners been accustomed to make any Grants of the same.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[8th March 18 11.]

XLV. AND it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up, and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains, in real Money, wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from time to time Hand charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to issue and apply the fame from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

[This ASy except the Clause above inserted, is ftmilar to 50 G. 3. c. I.]

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[KlYi March 1811.]

u Treasury empowered to raise £10, 500, 000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. § r, 2. '^Treasury to apply the Money raised. $ 3. Principal of said Bills changed on first Supplies of next Session. u j 4. Interest thereon of $\d.per Cent, per Diem. §5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &c. after " April 5, 1812. §6. Bank of England empowered to advance £6, 500, 000 on the Credit of this Act, not-41 withstanding5&6 W. & M. c. 20. §7. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §8.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[8th March 1811 .]

[On the like Terms as under c. 3. of this Session.']

CAP. V.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[8th March 18 r 1.]

" Irish Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear Interest. f 1. Bills issued not to exceed 44 £1, 000, 000. Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, alter such Time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall cease. $2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irish Consoli-4i dated Fund. §4. Said Bills to be chargeable thereon, §5. Bank of Ireland empowered to advance £ 1, oooo, ooq on the Credit of this Act. $ 6.

CAP. VI.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[22d March 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the total Number of Persons now within the Kingdom of Great hritainy together with the progressive Increase or Diminution thereof from the Year

One thousand eight hundred to and for the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within that Part of Great Britain called England the jrespective Overseert of the Poor, or some substantial Householder of every Panlh, Township and Place to be appointed as herein after mentioned, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland % such Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed in the manner herein after mentioned, to act in and for every Parish and Place, shall, at the Time and in the Manner herein after directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the time of taking such Accounts to be within the Limits of such Parishes, Township* and Places respectively, and shall set down the several Particulars respecting the fame, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

II. And, for the morefpeedy and effectual obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act and of the Schedule thereto shall, so soon as conveniently may

be

A.D. 181 (. 51° GEORGII III. C. 6.

be after the pafiitig of this Act, be transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precincts, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Counties Corporate in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that the said teveral Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed amongst the Clerks of the Divisional Meetings within their respective Limits; and also to cause a sufficient Number of the Schedule to this Act annexed to be delivered to the High Constables, or where there are no High Constables to such other proper Officers who have the Execution of Precepts from Justices of the Peace to inferior Officers within their respective Limits, at the Easter Quarter-Sessions of the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act and of the Schedule thereto, shall in like manner be transmitted to the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes and Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and ( I, ifgow, who shall cause a sufficient Number of the said Schedule to be delivered to such Persons and at such Times as are for that Purpose herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great Britain called England, the High Constables or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, at the said Easter Quarter-Sessions of the Peace in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, receive from the Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks, the said printed Schedules, and forthwith deliver or cause to be delivered One such Schedule to the Rector, Vicar, Curate or other officiating Minister, and One other such Schedule to One of the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township or Place, as well within Towns Corporate as without, in their respective Limits, and also One such Schedule to the Overseer or Overseers of every Extra-parochial Place within the said Limits, or instead thereof to feme One substantial Householder residing within the said Parish, Township or Extra-parochial Place, and well acquainted therewith, if he shall be directed so to do by any Justice of the Peace within the District; and thereupon the said Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, taking to their Assistance the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, Sidesmen, Parish Clerk and Vestry Clerk (if any) and employing, if they shall think fit, the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers, for such Parishes, Townshipa or Place (such several Persons being hereby required to be aiding and assisting therein for that Purpose) shall, upon the Twenty seventh Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, proceed to take an Account in Writing of the Number of Persons at that time being within the Limits of such Parishes, Toy. nships and Places respectively, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to the Matters specined in the Six first Questions in the said Schedule, by proceeding together or separately* from House to House, or otherwise, as they shall judge expedient for the better Execution of this Act and from such Information shall prepare an Answer or Return to the said Ouessions, according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall sign the fame with their Names and respective Additions, as such Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid; and the better to enable the said Overseers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, to make such Answers and Returns, they, and the Persons so assisting them as aforesaid, ere hereby authorized and empowered to ask all such Questions of the Persons within the said Parish, Township or Place respecting themfekes and the Number and Quality of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for stating the Particulars required to be dated concerning them, in the said Answers and Returns 5 and every such Person refusing to answer, or wilfully giving a faife Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for every such Refusal or faife Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor le{s than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Rector, Vicar, Curate or other Officiating Minister of every Parish, Township or Place (Extra-parochial or otherwise) in 1England, including Free Chapels, Donatives and Peculiars, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith prepare an Answer or Return to the Questions relative to Baptisms, Burials and Marriages in the said Schedule set forth, and shall, on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven* duly transmit such Answer or Return to the Bishop, within the Limits of whose Diocese the said Parish, Township or Place is situate 5 and t, he several Bishops shall, on or before the Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, transmit the same to the Archbishops of their respective Provinces, and thereupon the said Archbishops shall, on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, cause the same to be kid before His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, who shall cause an A bit raft thereof to be prepared 3nd laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Three Months after the said First Day of j4ugnjl, or if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within the first Fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, within their respective Jurisdictions in England, shall, at or so soon as conveniently maybe after the said Easter Quarter-Sessions in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, appoint a Time and Place, or Times and Places,

iwhich Time shall be not sooner than the/Twenty fourth Day of June, nor later than the Twentieth Day of Wy, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and may be at the Midsummer Quarter-SeflGon if they shall think fit), for the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes, Townships and Places, within their respective Divisions or Limits, or for such substantial Householders as aforesaid, as the case may be, to attend them for the Purpose of this Act, with.Returns and Answers to the said Six first Questions stated in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and cause Notice of such Time and Place to be given to such Overseers and Householders respectively, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act, and also to the High Con-ilables, or where there arc no High Couftabks, to such other proper Officers as aforesaid; and thereupon 51 Geo. III. Sf the

3°9

Printer to Clerk of the Peace, &c»

Act and Schedules to be difr tribtited.

High Cotiflablei to deliver the Schedules, to officiatin§ Minister,

Overseer, &c.

and to take ail Account of Number of Perfooa therein,

and prepare Answers to Question*.

Penalty;

Officiating Mi-11 illers to transmit Answers to Questious relative to Baptisms* Sec. to Bishop.

Transmitted to Archfishop.

] .aid before Privy Council. Ablirael Laid before Parliament.

Justices so appoint a Time and Place for Ovtrleers, &. c.t# attend with Returns and Answers,

Notice.

Overseers, Set. to deliver.Returns upon O.tfc

3 io

I ustices to receive Answers, Sec; to administet Oath.

Power to examine Overseers, See.; to adjourn Meetings; to deliver Answers, &c. to High Constables, indorse Returns, and transmit to Clerks of the Peace, &c.

Sheriff Deputes, fee. in Scotland, to appoint Schoolmasters, &c. to take Account.

Sheriffs* Officers, Sec. to detirer Schedules to Personsfo appointed, who shall uke Account of Number of Persons, &c. and prepare Answers to Quezon*

Sheriff Deputes, Me. to appoint a Time for School-masters, Sec. to attend with Returns, &c. Sheriff, Sec. to receive fame upon Oath; to examine upon Oath, and cause Return to be indorsed; may direct Returns and Answers to verified upon Oath before Justice of the Peace.

Accounts taken throughout G. IS, lor pre-

C. 6. ji- GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

the said Over seers or substantial Householders as aforesaid, or some One of them, in and for every such Parish, Township or Place, shall and they are hereby required to attend the Justices of the Peace at such Meeting or Meetings respectively, and then and there deliver to the said Justices in Writing, signed by himself or themselves, a just and true Answer and Return to the said Questions upon Oath, (or being of the People called Quakers* on Affirmation), as herein after directed; and the said High Constables, or other proper Officers so described as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required to attend the said respective Meetings for the Purposes herein after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace shall and they are hereby required to receive and take, at such Meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, the Answers and Returns to be made pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, and then and there to administer to the said Overseers or substantial Householders respectively, the Oath or Affirmation contained in the said Schedule; and, if they fee Cause, to examine such Overseers and Householders upon Oath or Affirmation, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and, if necessary, to adjourn the said Meetings to any Time or Times, not later than the said Twentieth Day of July* and to any Place or Places, in order that the said Returns may be rendered more complete or satisfactory; and shall then deliver such Answers and Returns to the respective High Constables or other proper Officers as aforesaid, who shall thereupon indorse on each of such Returns the Name of the County, and also of the Riding, Division, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precind, Soke, Franchise, Liberty, City, Borough, Town or County Corporate, wherein the Parish, Township or Place therein mentioned, is situate', and shall deliver or transmit such Returns, together with a true and perfect Lift of every Parish, Township and Place, and also of the Overseers and Householders aforesaid, to whom such Schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks for the Jurisdidkm in which the said Justices are authorized to ad, at their respective Offices, on or before the Twenty seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sheriff Deputes and Stewart Deputes, or their Substitutes, in their respective Counties and Stewartries, and the Provost of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgonv within the said Burghs, shall nominate and appoint, in Writing under the Hand of their respective Clerks, the Schoolmaster, or other fit Person or Persons, m each Parish or Place, to take account of the several Matters required by this Act; and the Sheriffs* Officers, Stewarts* Officers and Town Officers respectively, are required forthwith to deliver the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons so appointed; and on the said Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons so appointed, shall proceed to take Account of the Number of Persons at that time within the Limits of their respective Parishes and Places, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in the said Schedule, by proceeding from House to House, or otherwiseas they shall judge expedient, for the better Execution of this Act, and from such Information as aforesaid, shall prepare an Answer or Return to all the said Questions, according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and shall then exhibit the same to the Minister of the Parish for his Cor-redion and Approbation, and for any Observations which he may think fit to write thereupon 5 and the several Schoolmaster6 and other Persons appointed shall thereafter sign the fame with their Names and ordinary Designations 5 and the better to enable them to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorized and empowered to a(k all such Questions of the Persons within their respective Parishes, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons conttituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for dating the Particulars required to be dated concerning them in the said Answers and Returns 5 and every such Person refilling to answer, or wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for every such Refusal or false Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five rounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Deputes and Stewart Deputes, or their Substitutes, for Scotland* and the Provosts of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Gla/gonv* within their respective Jurisdictions, shall appoint a Time or Times, which mall not be sooner than the First Day of June* nor later than the last Day of June, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, for the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons appointed by them as aforesaid, to attend at their Offices, or at such other Places as they shall appoint, with the Returns and Answers So all the Questions dated in the Schedule to this Act 5 and the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts, shall cause Notice to be given to them respectively for that Purpose accordingly; and shall then and there receive the Answers and Returns to be made as aforesaid, and administer the Oath contained in the said Schedule to the Schoolmaster, Person or Persons appointed to make such Returns as aforesaid; and such Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts aforesaid, if they fee Cause, may examine the said Schoolmaster, Person or Persons upon Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in such Questions and Answers, and shall thereafter direct their respective Clerks to indorse the fame with the Name of the County or Stewartry, or District thereof, wherein the Parish or Place therein mentioned is situated; or otherwise, in Cases where the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes shall think proper, they shall direct the Schoolmasters and other Persons aforesaid, to verify the said Returns and Answers upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace within the County or Stewartry, and thereafter to transmit the Schedule, previous to the said last Day of June* in any convenient manner to the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes, or their Substitutes, who shall direct the same to be indorsed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Accounts so taken in Writing by the Overseers and School-masters, or other Persons so appointed as aforesaid, in every Parish, Township or Place within Great Britain,

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III. C. <5.311

for the Purpose of preparing the aforesaid Answers and Returns, shall be safely kept and preserved by the paring Amweri, Churchwardens or Chapelwardens in England, and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons appointed as afore- p»eicrved by said in Scotland, for the time being, of the several Parishes, Townships or Places to which the fame relate', and d--"5* and shall be delivered over by them to their Successors in Office respectively 5 and that the said Clerks of the livered over to Peace and Town Clerks throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Sheriff Deputes, Successors. Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts in Scotland, shall, on or before the First Day of August Clerks of the One thousand eight hundred and eleven, transmit, with all convenient Speed, such Answers and Returns as Pe*ce» they shall have received in manner aforesaid (together with a List of the Parishes, Township and Places within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Ridings or Divisions, from whence no Returns have been made to transmit Re-to them) to the Office of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department 5 and that turnst©S#cre. the same shall be digested and reduced into Order by such Officer as such Secretary of State shall appoint for tary of Stare, the Purpose; and that an Abstra& thereof shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Three Months Abaraa laid he-after the said First Day of August, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within the First Fourteen Days forc Par uracut* of the Session next ensuing.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall he paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expences of the Allowance for several Persons employed in the Transactions aforesaid, for every Return which mail be so made and trans- 2_roub^4a.nd mitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectivrly, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the*ncei*Sums following; videlicet. To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the Return which shall be made from every such Parish, Township or Place in England, the Sum of One Shilling; to the High Constable or other proper Officer in England, for the like, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence; to the Clerks of the Justices of the Peace throughout England, (or the like, the Sum of One Shilling; and that the Justices of the Peaoe in England, at their respective Midsummer Quarter-Sessione, or at the Michaelmas Quarter-Sessions following, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall and they are hereby required to make an Order upon their respective Treasurers, to pay the same out of the Rates to be made and collected for the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Precinas, Sokes, Franchises, Liberties, Cities and Counties Corporate, or shall cause the same to be paid out of the Poor Rates of and for such Counties Corporate, or Places as have no County Rates; and afro, that the said Justices in England, at their said Midsummer Quarter-Sessions or at the Michaelmas Quarter-Sessions following, may and they are hereby required to allow to the several Overseers, Householders, Parish Clerks or Vestry Clerks, in England, a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble necessarily taken, and also for the Expences (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Att, sod (ludl order Payment thereof to be made out or the Poors Rate of the several Parishes, Town-ships or Places relbectively, and shall thereafter allow the fame in the Annual Accounts of the several Overseers of the Poor.

XI. And be it further ensued, That the Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Pro-voils of the Royal Burghs of Edinburgh and Glasgow in Scotland, may and they are hereby required to allow* to the Sheriff Clerks or Town Clerks refjpeCUvely, for the Return which shall be made and rranfinitted from every Parish or Place in Scotland, the Sum of One Shilling; and to the Sheriffs' Officer or Town Officer, who shall distribute the Schedule to the Schoolmasters and others, for the like, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and the said Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, and Provosts, may and they are hereby required to allow to the Schoolmasters and others a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble

Stbem necessarily taken, and also for the Expences (if any! by them necessarily incurred in the Execution this Act; and to order Payment thereof, and also of the Sums respectively payable to the Sheriffs' Clerk,

Stewarts' Clerk or Town Clerk, and to the Sheriffs' Officer or Town Officer, to be made by the Collector of the Land Tax of and for the Shire, Stewartry or other Place, (as the case shall require) out of any Money in his Hands j and such Collector shall and is nereby authorized to pay the same accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Constable, Con- Clerics of the (table, Tythingman, Headborough or other such Officer as aforesaid, and also every such Churchwarden,c-Chmpelwarden, Sidefman, Parish Clerk, Vestry Clerk, Overseer of the Poor, Householder, Schoolmaster or "S other Person lb appointed as aforesaid, making wilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ptnalry.

Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made:

And in case any of the before mentioned Officers and other Persons shall have 10 made Default, or shall have Other Persons omitted to attend with or respecting the Answers and Returns at the appointed Time, the said Justices in appointed. England, and Sheriff Deputes, Stewart Deputes or their Substitutes, snd Provosts, in Scotland, may, and they are hereby required forthwith to nominate and appoint (ome either Person or Persons in their Stead, to execute the Provisions of this Act; and the Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall, indeed of the

Officer or Person so making Default, or omitting to attend as aforesaid, be entitled to receive the Fees or Compensation hereinbefore mentioned; and shall also be liable to the fame Penalty in case of making wilful Default.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if Recovery and not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Application of Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace, having Jurisdiction where such Offender shall dwell, rendering to the said Offender the Overplus (if any) after the Charge of such Distress and Sale shall be deduced; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit (iich Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for a Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Forfeiture and Charges shall be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered in England, shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the

Sfz Wd

C. 6. 5, O GEORGII nt A.D. 1811.

said respective Treasurers* to be applied in Aid of the Rates aforesaid; and any Person shall be deemed a competent Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to pay towards such Poors Rate or County Rates 5 and in case the said Forfeitures shall be recovered in Scotland, they shall be paid. One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Collector of the Land Tax of such County or Stewartry, wherein the said Default shall be committed, to be by him applied in Aid of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act.

SCHEDULE.

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof written Answers are to be returned by the Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister, and Overseers of the Poor, or by some other substantial Householder of every Parish, Township and Place (including those Places also which are Extra*parochial) in England; and by the Schoolmasters or other Persons to be appointed under the said Act for every Parish and Place in Scotland; signed by them respectively, and attested upon Oath or Affirmation by the said Overseers, or by such other substantial Householders as aforesaid, in England, and by the Schoolmasters or other such Persons as aforesaid in Scotland.

Questions addressed to the Overseers in England; and to the Schoolmasters in Scotland: Who are respectively required to take an Account of the Resident Population by proceeding from Hottfe to House on the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and on the Days immediately subsequent thereto, if one Day shall not be sufficient; and they are also required to specify in Writing the Name of the Parish or Place in the Schedule, and whether it be usually called a Parish, Township, Tything, Quarter, or by what other Denomination.

1 ft. How many Inhabited Houses are there in your Parish, Township or Place; and by how many Families are they occupied

2d. How many Houses are now building, and therefore not yet inhabited

3d. How many other Houses are uninhabited

4th. What Number of Families in your Parish, Township or Place, are chiefly employed in and maintained by Agriculture 5 how many Families are chiefly employed in and maintained by Trade, Manufacture or Handicraft; and how many Families are not cpmprized in either of the Two preceding Classes

N.B. The total Number of Families in answer to this Question must correspond with the Number of Families in answer to the ift Question.

Jth. How many Persons (including Children of whatever Age) are there actually found within the Limits of your Parish, Township or Place, at the time of taking this Account, distinguishing Males and Females, and exclusive of Men actually serving in His Majesty's Regular Forces, in the Old Militia, or in any Embodied Local Militia, and exclusive of Seamen either in His Majesty's Service, or belonging to Registered Vessels

<th* Referring to the Number of Persons in 1801, To what Cause do you attribute any remarkable Difference in the Number at present

7th. Are there any other Matters, which you may think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions

Questions addressed to the Officiating Minister in England, by whom a Return is to be made to the Bishop on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

I ft. What was the Number of Baptisms and Burials in your Parish, Township or Place, in the several Years 1801, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, o and 10; distinguishing Males from Females

2d. What has been the Number of Marriages in your Parish, Township or Place, in the several Year*, 1801, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10

3d. Are there any Matters, which you think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your Answers to either of the preceding Questions ? Especially whether any and what annual Average Number of Baptisms, Burials and Marriages, may, in your Opinion, take place in your Parish, without being entered in the Parish Register

FORM

TORM of Answers by the Overseers, fce. in England, and Schoolmasters, &c. in Scotland\ to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, 51 Geo. III. intituled, An Act for taking an Account of - the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof

Name and Description of Pariifti, &c. Quell ioa UL Questipo ad. Question 3d. Question 4th. OCCUPATIONS. Question 5th. Perforw, including Children, of whatever Age.

Inhabited Houses. By how many.Families occupied. Houses now building. Other Houses uninhabited. Families chiefly employed in Agriculture. Families chiefly employed in Trade, Manufactures and Handicraft. All other Families not comprized in the Two preceding Claires. Males. Females. Total of Persons.

jV. B- If any Fam ily occupies 7V vo or more He Parishes, To mfes in different mnships or Pla Parj/les9 Tow, cet, where they — i, nships or Places severally happen, the Individuals fi to he at the Tim< belonging to such e of taking the Ac Family are tc count.)be numbered only in those

p

N4

00

Oi

o

w

o

p

o

6th Question. Referring to the Number of Per&os in i8pi, To what Cause do you attribute any remarkable Difference in the Number at present i

4 ' 1* - '»... - -y '» !»I, I.

yth Question. Are there any other Matters, which you may think it necessary to rejnark, in Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions

D

cq'

N

CD

Q.

cr

n

T

Jti

ATTESTATION on Oath [or, Affirmation] by the Overseers or substanrial Housebplders in England* and by the Schoolmasters in Scotland.

I» A.B. One of the Overseers, Schoolmaster [or, a substantial Householder] of the Parish, Township, &c. of in the County of

A> swear Tor affimf] That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Answer to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof

Tlte abovementioned A.B. wavfwom for affirmed] (in England) before us the Justices of the Peace brand for the of

this Day of C*D. and E. F.

- 1 - -(4n fatfandy before me the Sheriff Depute of the of this

Day of G. H.

o

u

o*

FORM of AnsweTS by Ac Clergymen in England to Ae Questiona contained in Ae Schedule to an Act, $i# Geo. III. intituled, An Act for taking

an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof

Diocese of and County, See. Deanry, or Jurisdiction, See. City, Town, See. Parish or Chapeiry, See.

QUESTION ift. QUESTION ad.

YEARS. BAPTISMS. BURIALS. YEARS. NUMBER OF MARRIAGES.

Male Females. Males. Females.

1801 , 1801

1801 1802

180, 1803

1804 - - 1804

1805 1805

1806. 1806

1807 - 1807

1808. 1808 -

1809 1809

1810 1810

C*

1st

H-

o

o

V

o

REMARKS in Explanation of the Matters Rated in Answer to the federal Question.

ift Question.

2d Questoo.

3d Question. — Annual Average Number of unentered Baptisms — Burials — Marriages. —

(Here assign Rettfom of Non-entry.)

CERTIFICATE of Ae CLERGYMAN. T

I» A.B.

[Rc&or, Vicar, Curate, Or Officiating Mioifler, l of the Parish, Chapelry, Sec. of in the County of do certify. That the above Return contains, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and tme Answer to the several Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, intituled, Zh An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof. jt. B. 00

Witness C.D. One of Ae OverJeerii [nr, fuhibuitial Housefaolder] of Ae ParUh of this.Day of

3*5

A.D. 18ji« 51° GEORGII III. C. 6, 7.

II.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving Notice to High Constables and Householdera, in England, of the Time and Place appointed by Justices of the Peace for taking the Answers and Returns under this Act.

The County, ice. > To the Constable [Tythingman, or Headborough] of in the said

to wit. $ County,

YOU are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to give or cause to be given Notice to the High Con (table of the Hundred of and to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township or Place, within the said Hundred; and if there is no Overseer therein, then to some substantial House-holder therein 5 that they are severally required to appear at on the Day of

next, at the Hour of in the Forenoon, before such of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as

shall be then and there assembled, and that the said Overseers or Householders as aforesaid, or some One of them, for every such Parish, Township or Place, are then and there to deliver upon Oath or Affirmation, a just and true Account, in Writing, signed by themselves, containing an Answer to the several Questions propounded in the Schedule to an Act, 510 Geo. III. intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Popular tion of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof Given under my Hand, £er, our Hands]] this Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

III.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to the Return.

YOU shall swear [or, affirm] that the Answers and Return now made by you to the several Questions contained in the Schedule annexed to an Act, 51° Geo. III. intituled, An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof is a full and true Answer to the said Questions, to the best of your Knowledge and Belief.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the High Constables in England and by the SherifPs Clerk or Town Clerk in Scotland.

County, or Stewartry of Riding, Division or District of

Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Lathe, Precinct, Soke, Franchise or Liberty, of City, Borough, Town or County Corporate of Parish, Township, &c. of

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend Two Acts of the Thirteenth and Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture.

[a2d March 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to 4 W empower the Magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wagei of Per font employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdictions; and by an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an AQr made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the Magistrates therein mentioned, to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective Jurisdi8ions % to Manufactones of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Silk purloined and embe % % led by Persons employed in the Manufactures thereof Provision is made for settling and regulating the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers in the Manufacture of Silk,

and in the Manufacture of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex: And whereas it is expedient that the Provision therein made should be applied to the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeywomen Weavers employed in the said

Manufactures 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Power and Authority, and every Regulation and Provision, in, by and under the said Acts respectively given and made, exercised and enforced, for settling, regulating, ordering and declaring the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journeymen Weavers in the said Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, shall be deemed and taken to be given and made, and shall and may be exercised and enforced within the several and respective Districts of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of Middle fix y in the said Acts mentioned, for settling, regulating, ordering and declaring the Wages and Prices of Work of the Journey-women Weavers employed in the said Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk mixed or wrought up with any other Materials, in as full and ample a manner as the said Power and Authority, Regulations and Provisions, with all Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, are enacted by the said Acts respectively, for regulating the Wages and Prices of the Work of Journeymen Weavers in the said Manufactures respectively.

X3G. 3. C. 6& 3» G. 3. c. 44.

Powers of recited A^s for settling Journeymen's Wages in Silk Manufacture to extend to Wages of Journey women within London and Weft-mijifter, &c.

316 C. 8

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Mark affixed ou

Body of Deserter*.

Sentence of Tnnfyortation in India, &c. no'ified by Judge of One of the Supreme Courts.

Order for Trans-porution.

39 & 40G.3. c. 79* § !3*

Officers and Soldiers imprisoned upon a Charge of a Criminal Offence, acquitted, entitled to Arrears, convicted, Penalty.

General Courts Martial may inflict corporal Punishment. Officers of the King'* Forets and Officers ill K. 1. Service may fit in conjunction at Courts Martial,c.

27 G.z. c. 9.

Proviso for Persons hastily infilling.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for punhVuig Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters.

[2 ad March 1811.]

NUMBER of Forces 84, Sor. $ 1.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court Martial, before which any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be tried and convicted of Desertion, to direct, if it shallfo think fit, in addition to any other Punishment such Court may award for any such Desertion, that such Deserter be marked on the left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.) such Letter not to be less than half an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation so as to be visible, and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, whenever any Sentence of Transportation passed by any Court Martial holden in the East Indies, or in His Majesty's Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlements occupied by His Majesty's Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope, is to be carried into Execution, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of any Court Martial in the East Indies, upon Condition of Transportation; the same shall be nod-tied in Writing by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in India, or, in the Absence of the Commander in Chief, then by the Adjutant General for the time being to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George or Bombay, or the Chief Justice or other Judge at the Island of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any such other Settlement as aforesaid; and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the same as any such Judge is authorized to make or do under an Act passed in a Parliament holden in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the British Territories in India, and the better Adtninijlration of Justice within the same, with respect to Offenders ordered to be transported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India, and the Governor and Council of such Presidency respectively shall and they are hereby required to take Order for the Transportation of all such Offenders accordingly.

XV1L And be it further enacted, That 110 Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be ar-rested and committed to Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive any Pail of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall belong, provided that if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall upon his Return to his Corps be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the Time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted, he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Committment during the Time of his Confinement, as well under the original Commitment as under any Commitment .consequent upon such Conviction, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop or Company to which he shall belong: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, to order the Issue and Payment to any such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, during any such Commitment or Imprisonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Imprisonment, or after the Discharge of such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, after Conviction or otherwise, as shall appear to the Secretary at War to be proper, and the Order of the Secretary at War for the Payment of such Pay or Arrears, shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment,

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any inch General Court! Martial, by their Sentence or Judgment to infjitl corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, or Imprisonment, as such Court shall think fit, on any Soldier for Immoralities, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty.

XXVII. And whereas it may also be expedient that Officers of H is Majesty's Land Forces when employed in conjunction with Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East In* dies should, in certain Cales, be associated for the Purpose of holding Courts Martial; Be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occasion, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to fit in conjunction at Courts Martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such Courte Martial were composed of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, or of Officers in the Service of the said United Company only; with this Distin&ioa that, upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's Land Forces, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of this Act; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in the Terms by this Al4 prescribed 5 and upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said United Company, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers ami Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and for the Punishment of Ojftncct committed in the East Indies, or at the Island o/Sa int Helena; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court Martial shall be in the Terms prescribed by the same Act.

LXXV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Thai, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or

iz they

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 8.

they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such inlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non-commissioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be infilled, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have infilled, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to or in the Vicinity of the Place and acting for the Division or District where such Person or Persons shall have been infilled, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate, he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such infilling; and upon such Declaration, and returning the infilling Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law for the Subsistence or Diet and Small Beer furnished to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been infilled, such Person or Persons so infilling shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be infilled, as if he or they had given hit or their AlTent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily infilled himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own Presence to cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Abt annexed, marked (A.l, or if the Person shall be delirous of infilling without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.) 5 and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the infilling and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C ), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.1 shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in the Form marked (B.) shall have been taken, except in the case of Recruits infilled to serve either in His Majesty's Recruit*inlistc* Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance under 39 G.3. of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for better recruiting c. 09*for the Forces of the East India Company, in which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of viJ.e* &c Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of OathofAlle-Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to giance. this Act annexed, marked (E.) 5 and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Inlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and except also in Recruit* inUftei the case of Recruits enliiled for the special Purpose of serving in the East Indies, in the Forces of the East India under 5° G*3* Company only, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An schedule*111" AS to amend Tiuo Acts relating to the raising Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the quartering /q \^m\ and billetting such Mens and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, in which case every such Recruit shall, V instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid, ana contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.), and instead of the Oath of Service contained in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, shall take the Oath directed to be taken by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (H.), and the Justice or Magistrate shall certify such Inlistment and Swearing accordingly, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (I.); and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful lor such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be infiidtd upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muller; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered:

Provided always, that every Non-comraiffioned Officer or Private Soldier, who shall infill any Recruit, shall, at Name and Refi-the Time of such infilling, esquire the Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either dence of Retake the fame down in Writing, or give the same to the Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting cruit* taken Party to befo taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any j°"n' f

Person who shall have hallily infilled, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days chargeSperion!*as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent hallily inlisting under this Act, notwithstanding bo Officer, Non-corami Ifioned Officer or Private Soldier, belonging to the themselves, on Recruiting Party" shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate upon the Examination of such paying Inlisting Recruit or of any other Person that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was infilled, Money* or that such Recruit could not procure any Non-commissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up Persons furren-as a Deserter, from any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, or who upon being apprehended for dering as Defer* Desertion or any other Offence shall in the Presence of the Magistrate confess himself to be a Deserter from ter* d«eraed to any such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been duly infilled and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable dul*

to serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit*c to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually insisted as a Soldier or not#

51 Geo. III. Tt ' XCIII. And

317

In wh.it case such Pe*fons deemed to be in Lifted.

Justice* to re*d over to them oei t.j'm Sections of the Article of War, and ad-miaifter Oaths.

318

Justices rcny commit Dei'er-tcr*.

Officers, ke. embezzling, &c. Military Stores, See. may be tried by a Court Martial.

[Penalty.]

For want of DistrefcOffender committed. Application of Forfeiture.

Treasury may issue out Money for Cloathing. Paymaster General to pay Clothing Money.

C. 8. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

XCIII. And whereas several Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and are, often found wandering or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service/ it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may he reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Just ice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or the House of Correction, or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or IVefminfer, or Places adjacent 5 or to the Provost Marftial in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being, in London, or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the End that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law; And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that behalf, and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or other public Prison of the City, Town or Place at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deserter who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter, while the Party or Person conveying him shall halt on the March 5 any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commission Officer, Storekeeper or Commissary, or Deputy or Assistant Commissary, or other Person employed in the Commissariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty*a Forces, or for their Use, that shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied o^to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Person to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office Civil or Military as any such Court shall think fit according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Person shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and Chat such Person shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good, at his own Expence, the Loss and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such Court Martial; which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said Two hundred Pounds, and such Damage: And if sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and Seized, then the Person so offending shall be committed to Prison or the Common Gaol, there to remain (in addition to any other Punishment or Imprisonment) for Six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

CVI. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every Six Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops and Companies: And the Paymaster General for the time being is hereby directed to pay the same to such Person or Persons only as have a regular Assignment from the Colonel or Commandant or Person authorized by Law to make such Assignment, and the Receipt of the Person or Persons having or being lawfully entitled to such Assignment, shall be from time to time taken for the same.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Oath.

j do make Oath, That I am or have been (as the case may be) [fate Occupation

if any, or fate if of none] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish, Place, &fc.] and that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other

Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, and that I will serve His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Period of [this Blank to be filed up by the Magistrate with Seven Years for

Infantry, Ten Years for Cavalry, and Twelve Years for the Artillery, if the Person enlifing is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to he added to such Seven, Ttn or Twelve Years, as the case may be'] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service; and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by

3*9

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 8.

the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty: Provided always, that in the latter case the said additional Period shall determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten or Twelve, as the case may be\ Years.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Oath.

T do make Oath, that I am, or have been, (as the case may be) [state Occupation if any, or

fate if of none] and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [state County, Parish, Place, and that I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the Militia or any other Regiment, or to His Majestys Navy or Marines; and that I will serv'e His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until I shall he legally discharged.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Form of Juf ioe s Certificate.

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief

Magistrate of)do hereby certify, That C.D. appearing to be

Years old. Feet Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before

me at on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and stated

himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits,

and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of His Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Successors, in the

Regiment of commanded by and did engage to serve for the Period

of [This Blank to befilled up by the Magifi rate with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for

Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Perf on enlijling is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards; hut if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten or Twei fve Tears, as the case may be-] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require his Service; and also for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven, or Ten, or Twelve] Years. And I do hereby certify. That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War ag.iinft Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on

being attested $ and that I have given to the said C.D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Form of Justice's Certificate

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief

Magistrate of ), do hereby certify, That C.D. appearing to be

Years old. Feet Inches high. Complexion, Eyes, Hair,

came before me at, on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and'ilated himself to be of the Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled

witl^ Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfefl Use of His Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Successors, in

the Regiment of commanded by until he should be legally discharged: And

I do hereby certify, that in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath to the Effect above set forth, and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given

to the said C.D. a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (E.) [39 G. 3. c. 109. the same as Schedule (C.) of 47 G. 3. Sess. I. c. 32.] SCHEDULE (F.) [Form of Justice's Certificate, the same as Schedule (D.) of 47 G. 3. Sess. 1, c. 32.

SCHEDULE (G.)

Oath cf Allegiance.

I A.B. being enlisted to serve in the [Infantry or Artillery, as the case may be] of the East India Company, do swear. That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that I will, as in Duty bound, defend him in his Person, Crown and Dignity, against all his Enemies; and I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

A.D. 1811.

320

C. 8, 9. 51° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (H.)

I A.B. do make Oath, That I am (or have been, as the case may he) [state Occupation if any, or Jlale if of none], and to the be ft of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish or Plate, CsV.] and that I am of the Age of Years, and that I do not belong to the Militia or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, and that will serve the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, until I shall be duly and legally discharged [or if the Recruit gnli/ls for limited Service, then leave out the Words scored under and insert] for the Period of Twelve Years [if the Person enlifing is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards, but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to he added to such Twelve Tears, as the case may be, and such Period to beinferted instead of Twelve Tears] provided the said United Company should so long require ray Service.

SCHEDULE (I.)

T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of [or Chief Magistrate

of ] do hereby certify, that appeared to be

Years old, Feet Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair,

came before me at on the Day of, and dated himself to be of the Age of

Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not tronbled with Fits, and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice, and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlisted himself for the Bounty of to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and did engage to serve for the Period of [this Blank to be filed up by the Magistrate either until discharged or for Tears,

as in the preceding Form of Enlifment] and I do hereby certify, that in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section and the First Articles of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him, and he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, and also the Oath above set forth, and that he received the Sum of

on being attested, and that I have given to the said a Duplicate of this

Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (K.) [Form of Matter's Oath, the same as Schedule (E.) 0/47 G. 3. Sejf, 1. c. 32.] SCHEDULE (L.) [Form of Justice's Certificate, the same as Schedule (F.) of 47 G. 3. Seffl 1. c. 32.3

SCHEDULE (M.)

Form of Oath.

T do hereby make Oath, That I have not applied any Money or Stores, or

Supplies, under my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person, or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied to any other than public Purposes, and according to the Duty of my Office.

Sworn before me by the within named 7

this Day of J A.B.

[Justice of the Peace for the County of or Commander in Chief, or Second in Command, the Army serving in &c. at the Case may be,]

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[22d March 1811.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United Kingdom and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain and Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in His Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral or 1 Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet

nevertheless it being requisite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be

observed 5 and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be

brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law will allow Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or mall be lifted or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man, in any Division of Royal Marines in His Majesty's Service, and on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Act, shall be voluntarily entered and in Pay, as a Marine Officer or Private Man in His Majesty's Service; and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, shall begin*

excite*

3 21

A.D. 1811. 5i GEORGII III. C. 9, 10.

excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majesty's Service; or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service, or, being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he lad served as a Marine, in which case he shall be reputed a Deserter; or shall be found sleeping upon his Post; or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy ot His Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any Kind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer 5 all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Pun (hment of Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour and Neglect of Duty, in any of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions or in Foreign Parts, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and constitute Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear and determiue any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflict Punishments, by Sentence or Judgment for the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all such Articles of War shall from time to time, as soon after the same shall have been established as the fame can be done, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin and into Scotland respectively.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by any Diviflonal or Detachment Courts Martial which shall be held by virtue of this Act, or of any Articles of War established in pursuance thereof, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the Oaths herein after mentioned upon the Holy Evangelists (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member having first taken the said Oaths); that is to say,

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you.«4 So help you GOD.*

4 Y A.B. do swear. That I will duly administer Justice according to the Rules and Articles for the better 4 t Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces when on Shore, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and of other Crimes therein mentioned,

without Partiality, Favour or Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said Articles or Act of Parliament) according to my Confidence and the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War. So help me GOD.

And the President of every such Court Martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment directang such Court Martial; and every such Divisional or Detachment Court Martial is hereby authorized and directed to administer an Oath to every Witness that shall appear before them.

[This Act, except the Clauses above inserted, isJimilar to 50 G. 3. c. 14.3

CAP. X.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty three, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the same.

[25th March 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second

Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the City of Dublin,

by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof which was to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty

eight 5 which said recited Act, by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty third and Twenty

fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was amended and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten 5 and by another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, was further amended; and by another Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign was further continued: And whereas it is expedient that the hid several recited Acts should be further continued, so far as the same relate to the Improvement of the

City

Admiralty empowered to make Articles for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, Sec.

and to constitute Courts Martial. Articles of War transmitted to Judges.

Oaths to be taken by Members of Divisional Courts Martial* Sec.

ai & is G* £. (i.) c. 17.

30 o. 3.

23 & 14 G. 3.

(I.) c. 31.

30 O 3. (I)e. 19.

49G.3c. 7a-

S* fir at thr*y relate to the Improvement of Dublin,

continued till Mar. h 25, 1833

Acts maj be titered, &c.

8c 22 6.3.

O O c.

*3 k 24 © 3.

(I.) c.

30 G. 3. (I.) c. 49 0.3. c. 7*.

Additional Duty of is. per Ton of Coals, not the Produce of Ireland, continued till March 25, 1*3*-

fti & 22 G. 3. (L) c repealing so much of Irish Ad 6 G. 3. as relates to the buying and selling of Coals,

continued till March 25,832.

C. 10, 11. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

City of Dublin Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts, and every of them, so far as the same relate to the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame, and all Clauses, Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Acts, or any of them contained, and all Powers and Authorities whatever given or created by the said recited Acts, or any of them, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect such Improvement of the said City of Dublin, and for the making such wide and convenient Passages through the fame, shall be and the same are hereby further continued, and shall remain and be iu force until the Twenty* fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty three, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted, This this Act, and the said several recited Acts hereby continued, or any of them, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Duty on Coals imported into the Harbour of Dublin, and to the regulating the Coal Trade thereof.

[25th March 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, holden in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof;

it was, among other Things, enacted, That, from and after the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty two, until the Twenty fifth Day of March which should be in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, there should be granted, raised, levied and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a net Additional Duty of One Shilling for and upon every Ton of Coals, not being the Produce of Ireland, which should be imported or brought into the Harbour of Dublin during the Time aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; the said Duty to be paid over and above all Duties then payable on the fame: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the*Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the said recited Act of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years, the said Duty was further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years was further amended; and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, all the said recited Acts were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duty should be further continued; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, and no longer, the said additional Duty of One Shilling for and upon every Ton of Coals not being the Produce of Ireland, which shall be imported or brought into the Harbour of Dublin during the Time aforesaid, shall continue to be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and that the said Duty shall be raised, levied and applied in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and for such Purposes and with such Exceptions, Limitations and Restrictions, and subject to such Account, as is mentioned and provided by the said hereinbefore recited Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Duty granted or continued by the said recited Acts, or any of them.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so much of an Act made in Ireland in the Sixth*Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the engrojfing and regrating of Coals in this Kingdom, and of every other Act or Acts of Parliament e theretofore made in the said Kingdom, was repealed and made null and void, as tended in any Degree to*prevent any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, from buying or laying up in One Year more than a certain Quantity of Coals, or to give the Lord Mayor or any Magistrate, Minister or Churchwarden, a Power to enter the Cellars, Houses or Yards, or any Persons buying Coals, and to direct the Coals therein to be sold, or to give the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, a Power to compel to be brought up to the Quay and fold, any Coals on board any Ship or Gabbard, which Coals should have been previously sold to any Person resident in the said City of Dublin, or to any Person or Persons trading or dealing in Coals, or to limit the Number of Fadors, Burfers or Agents, for buying and selling of Coals in the City of Dublin, or to require them or any Person purchasing Coals for Sale, or keeping any Yard therein for ( felling Coals, to take out any Licence on account of the fame, or give Security, or take any Oath as a 4 Fador, Burfer or Agent, or to prevent any Person keeping a Gabbard, Lighter or Boat, for the Putyofe of carrying Coals; and it was afro by the said recited Act of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years aforesaid enacted, that every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, should be at full Liberty to buy and sell Coals at such Prices and Times, in such Manner and Quantities and Form, and to such Persons as he, she or they should choose, any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; Be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years

aforesaid.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 12, 13. 32

aforesaid, as is and are hereinbefore last rehearsed and set forth, shall be and the same are hereby continued, and shall be and remain in full Force and Effect until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, and no longer.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the said several recited Acts hereby continued, or act may be any of them, may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session altered, &c. of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[25th March 1811.]

WHEREAS the Act herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it*W is expedient that the fame should be further continued in manner herein after mentioned 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide more eft dually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until and upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, except only so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, and which, under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing the said Act of the Forty seventh Year, is directed to be warehoused, under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Act hereby continued, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act passed in this Session of Parliament.

47 G.3. Seffi i. c. 19.

50 G. 3-c 17.

49 g. a c. sow

48 G. 3. c. 3a.

Act may be titered, &c.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[25th March 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dif- 4j G. 3. c. 11.

V\ continuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 4^ G. 3. C. 93. 4 An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating,

the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain: And whereas Three other Acts passed in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for further continuing the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty-^G^CII#

ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended: And whereas an Act passed in the ^0.3. c. 98.

Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Ills present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties oj Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by another 50G.3. c. 18. 4 Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty ffth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of

Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty Sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended: the drawbacks allowed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the Bounties allowed by the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued; and it is expedient that the said Drawbacks and Bounties To continued by the said last recited Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to the said last recited Act of the Forty ninth Year Drawbacks in, aforesaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Schedule of Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be respectively paid and allowed in like manner in every respect,

and Sshtdul. w 5 "

324

45 G 3. c 93. allowed (Exception) as heretofore.

It by Notice in the I^>ndon Gaxetrtf the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Su-gix shall nrt have exceeded 70s per Cwr. Drawbacks allowed, Sec.

3iG 3.C. 43.

41 G. 3» (UJL) c. 28.

39 0.3. c. 63. 49 G. 3. c. 98.

49 G. 3.C. 43.

When Treasury impend Payment of Duty on Sugar granted by 49 G.3 c. 98. they shall also lut'pend Countervailing Duties, See,

43 G. 3. c. 11, continued, for Port of London, till March 15, 1812. and for other Parts of G. 13. r.ll March5, 1812.

47 G. 3. Sess. I -c. 22.

§*8. i*

C. 13. 5i* GEORGII III. A.D. 181t.

and subject to and under, and according to the like Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, (except jvliere any Alteration is made by this Act) as the said Drawbacks and Bounties were respeSiYely paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette published on the Saturday which (Hall happen next'after the first Wednesday in May, the first Wednesday in September One thou* thousand eight hundred and eleven, or the first Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Draw back and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in foreign Shift, for the Four preceding Months computed to the Wednesday immediately preceding such Saturday as aforesaid, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exclunve of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every such case, the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recited Acts passed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed mentioned, as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Gazette mall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average (Hall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any other of such Saturdays as before mentioned, and such Drawback or Bounty mall be paid or allowed in like manner in every jefpedl, and subject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said first recited Act (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid) and the whole of the Duty granted by an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber9 Sugar, Rai/ins and Pepper, imported into and on Lead exported from Great Britain, upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warenoufed according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, shall, upon Delivery thereof out of Warehouse for Exportation during the Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act in respect of British Plantation Sugar, be wholly drawn back under such Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any former Drawbacks are paid and allowed 5 any thing in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are authorized to suspend the Payment of the additional Duties of Customs on Sugar, granted by the said last recited Act, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the Average Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Act, and by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or Muf covado Sugar, exclusive of the Duty thereon, is to he ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, shall be below the Prices mentioned in the said first recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient, that, during the Period of such Suspension,

the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain,

and also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, should in like Manner be suspended; Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall exercise the Power vested in them, and (Hall, according to the Directions of the said Act, suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for them and they are hereby authorized and required in like manner and for the like Period, to suspend either the Whole of the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs on Refined Sugar of the M&nu-facture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained, except as the same are varied or altered by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby further continued from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, for the Port of London, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, for other Part8 of Great Britain.

4 V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow for Two Tears, from ana after the passing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crajbed or broken; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported, a certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Double Refined Sugar, and also a Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Raw Sugar; and it was enacted, that so much of the said recited Act as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar, should continue in force for Two Years from the passing of the

13 4 said

A.D. 1811. 51 GEORGII III. C. 13, 14.

x said Act, and so much thereof as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Raw Sugar, (ho aid continue

in force for One Year from the passing of that Act: And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty

eighth Year of His present Majesty, intitled, An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and niney so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported, so much of the said fit ft recited Act as related to the said Bounties upon Raw Sugars, was further continued with certain Alterations till the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties upon Double Refined Sugar, and so much thereof as relates to the Bounties upon Raw Sugar, as altered and continued by the said last recited Act, and also the said last recited Act altering and continuing the fame, have been by subsequent Acts continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and it is

expedient that the said Bounties should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the fin'd recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties upon Double Refined Sugars shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, and also the said last mentioned Act altering and continuing the fame, shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportation from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of British Plantation Raw Sugar by the said last recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be governed by the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, computed and published in the London Gazette, for the Periods, at the times, and in the manner hereinbefore directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be parted in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off* the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yanis made of Flax into Great Britain, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one 5 to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and to the permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place w hatever until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[25th March 181 i.J

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience been found useful and beneficial*

and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty ufon certain Species of Britirti and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation (ft foreign Raw Linen Tarns made oft Flax; which said Act was by Two other Acts of the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty extended and continued until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent A6h wa9 further continued until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, and revived and further continued by an Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and further continued by Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of MarcJ) One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, to continue in

force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, which was continued by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, and amended and farther continued by several subsequent A 618 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be and the fame is hereby further continued during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be and the some is hereby continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

51 Geo. III. U u CAP.

3*5

48 G. % c. xv

47 G. 3* Sdfn ft. c. 22

how fjr continued.

Bounty on Raw Sugar governed by Average Prices of Brown Sugar.

Act mav he al« tered, S: c.

19 G. O.C.TJ. continued till March 25, 182 ft

30 0.3 c. 8f. further continued during Continuance of the War, &c.

49 G. 3. c. 5.

continued till March 25, 181*.

JS6 C. 15.

5*0 GEORGII 'Ifl.

A.D. 1811.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned.

limited Amount, for [2d April 1811.]

MU Majesty may empower Treasury to direct Exchequer $iHs for 6, 000 000L KTceable to 48 G.3. Ci I.

Exception.

48 G. 5. c. r. extended to Exchequer B 11s under this AO.

Bills to bear Interest of 2 % d per Cent, per Diem.

'When payable.

lYoviso as to receiving Bills in, Payment of Taxes.

commissioners.

WHEREAS from the present State of Commercial Credit, and other Causes, great Inconvenience

and Pressure are experienced by the Manufacturers of Cotton Goods, and by the Importers of

Produce from the Foreign West India Islands and South America, and also by Persons engaged in some other Branches of Trade, which have been subject: to peculiar Difficulty and Interruption, and it is expedient that Your Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Six Millions, to be c issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the

Aflillance and Accommodation of such Manufacturers and other Persons as ought in the Judgment of the said Commissioners to receive the same, on due Security being given for the Repayment of the Sum so

advanced within a Time to be limited May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comirfons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lor.d High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty's Exchequer, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six Millions; in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act) as in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, are enacted and prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Act, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Two Pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that One-fourth Part of each Class or Denomination of such Bills shall be made payable on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve; One other Fourth Part thereof, on the Third Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve; One other Fourth Part thereof, on the Fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and the Residue thereof on the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 and that the Principal Sum contained in every such Bill, together with such Interest as aforesaid to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof until the Time by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged upon the Days and Times respectively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, after the respective Days on which they shall become due and payable, shall and may after that Time pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and also at the Receipt of Exchequer of Great Britain, from the said Receivers or Collectors, but no such Receiver or Collector shall exchange at any Time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refuting to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof; any thing in this Act to the contrary contained in any wise notwithstanding; and that such of the fame Bills as shall be received at the Exchequer, shall and may be locked up and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer, settled and established by Law, for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there.

V. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Hamilton Esquire, commonly called Lord Binning, the Honourable William Lamb> the Honourable William Beauchamp Lygon, Joshua Jonathan Smith Esquire, Sir James Shaw Baronet, Sir John Perring Baronet, Harvey Christian Combe Esquire, Charles Grant Esquire, John Smith Esquire, Thomas Hughan Esquire, John Christictn Cur wen Esquire, George Bellas Greenough Esquire, James Brogden Esquire, Charles Bosanquet Esquire, John Thornton Esquire, Job Matthew Railes Esquire, Charles Pole Esquire, John Inglis Esquire, Thomas Bainbridge Esquire, John Josiah Holford Esquire and Benjamin Harrison Esquire, shall be, and are hereby conllituted Commissioners for advancing and lending to any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to the Merchants, Bankers and Traders, resident within the King-of Great Britain, upon the Deposits and Securities, and under the Terms and Conditions, and subject to the Regulations herein mentioned, the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Gratuity whatever,

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. ij.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Two.of the said Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the Execution of the fame, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or the Master*of the Rolls for the Time being, which they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required to adrainifler; the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say,

4 T / 5. do swear, That according to the bed of my Judgment I will faithfully and impartially execute

the several Powers and Trulls veiled in me by an Act, intituled, An Act [ here set forth the Title of this

A&2 according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.*

And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named, shall likewise take the fame Oath before the said Two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have Power to meet and lit, from Time to Time, in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment; and they or any Seven or more of them, shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary, and, so many Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and Officers as they shall think meet, and allow to such Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and Officers, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in Writing, under their 'Hands, such reasonable Salaries as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall think meet; and shall and may also employ a Solicitor, and allow to such Solicitor such Salary or Reward as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable for his Care and Labour; and shall and may give and administer to such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers and Officers respectively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises; and from Time to Time at their Discretion dismiss and discharge such Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and other Officers, and appoint others in their Place; and the said Solicitor, Secretary, Clerks, Brokers and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trulls, in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such Service, other than such Salaries or Reward as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in Manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or other Person or Persons whatsoever, employed in and about the Execution of this Act, in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, shall demand, take or accept any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever, for their Care and Labour, other than such Allowances or Rewards as shall or may be granted to them under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One or more of them, are and is hereby authorized to administer) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act; and also to receive any Affidavits or Deposition* ia Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or Things as aforesaid, which shall be made before, any Justice of the Peace of any County or Shire, or any Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Depofi-Uon shall reside, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Magistrate (which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice or Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer): Provided that in every such Affidavit or Deposition there shall be expressed, the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners respectively, or if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence* or mail in such Affidavit or Deposition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm or alledge any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord Highj Treasurer for the time being, are hereby respectively authorized and required to issue and cause to be advanced all such Sums of Money to such Person or Persons, in such Manner and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any Seven or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands from time to time, delire, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer, to be replaced in the Manner herein after mentioned; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences in and about the Execution of this Act, without other Account than before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Two Months after the Expiration of the Commission, if Parliament shall be then fitting, and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That on the Day next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, or as soon after as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, who shall have taken the find Oath as

aforesaid,

337

Commissioners to take Oath.

Commisti.n era may meet, appoint Officers, and administer

Oaths* .t

No other Reward than Salaries.

Officers in Exchequer not t« receive Feci.

Commissioners may examine upon Oath, and receive Depositions made before Majiilrite*,

Frov'riix

Perjury*

Treasury to

HTue Money so| Execution of AO.

Account laid before Parliament.

Commissioners to receive Ajp-plicationsm

328 C. 15.

51° GEORGII III.

A.B. 181 f.

Writing for Loan of Exchequer Bills, and »o certify Amount wanted.

Treasury to direct rxch quer to issue Bills ag'eeabl toCer-tifitates of Commissioners.

Com iriKHoners to cause Applications to be dafTed, Hid to estabttfh Regulations for ap or-tioning Sums advanced, dec*.

aforesaid, shall meet on the Day next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as any Seven of the said Commissioners can assemble, and receive or appoint a proper Person for receiving all such Applications iir Writing as shall he made to them from any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or from any Merchantsr Bankers or Traders in Great Britain, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer BiHs as aforesaid; and shall also then fix and appoint a Day not later than the Fourth Day from the Day of their First Meeting* as aforesaid, for taking into their Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient Dispatch to ascertain the Amount of the Sums in Exchequer Billsr which in their Judgment will be immediately requisite to be advanced under this Act, in pursuance of Applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such Amount to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, by One or more Certificate or Certificates under the Hands and* Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; and the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, 011 Receipt of such Certificate or Certificates, direct the proper Officer or Officers at the said Exchequer, to deliver out, in the* Manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned, Exchequer Bills, in equal Proportions as nearly as may be, of Bills payable at the different Periods specified in this Act, to the Amount specified in such Certificate or Certificates, in case the same shall not exceed the Value of One Fourth Part of the Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act; and in case the Amount specified therein as aforesaid shall*exceed such Fourth Part, then to such Amount as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, on a Statement of the Causes to him or then) to be made by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, deem expedient and shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall, and they are hereby required, before any Apportionment of such Exchequer Bills shall be* made, to canfe all the Applica* tions then delivered to be classed according to the Amount of the Sums respectively applied'for, and the Nature of the Securities tendered, and the Circumstances, Situation and Connections of the Parties applying, as far as the same shall appear upon the said Applications; and thereupon to draw up and establish such general Rules* and Regulations for their own Government, in the apportioning and distributh g the Sums to be advanced and' lent in Exchequer Bills under this Act, to the fever?l Persons applying for ttefame* as they in their Discretion shall deem equitable and just, all which Rules and Regulations shall, within a convenient time, be entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by such Commissioners for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners appointed by this Act according to the true Purport and Meaning of such general Rules and* Regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their Consideration all such Applications, which shall specify the Particulars of the Sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any case Icfsthm the Sunr of Four thousand Pounds, and which shall tender any Security which the said Commissioners are authorized by this Act to take for the Payment of the Sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the Nature and* Amount thereof; and from time to time, ron Enquiry into the fame respectively, shall determine what Persons shall in their Judgment be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bills to be advanced or lent* under this Act* and to what Amount, and shall ascertain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be required from them: for the fame respectively \ and that all-such Exchequer Bills shall be distributed in such Proportions, according to the respective Sums and Periods of Payment expressed therein, that the Repayment thereof to be made* on each Loan may be made as nearly as may be by equal Instalments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act (Kalb deliver to alF Persons to whom any of the said Exchequer Bills shall be apportioned as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the" Amount of the Sums to be advanced and lent, to be respectively numbered and marked, in the Course and* Order in which the same shall be delivered; which Certificate or Certificates being deposited with the proper Officer or Officers, shall be a sufficient Authority, without other Warrant, to such Officer or Officers, to deliver such Exchequer Bills to the like Amount and Value, as shall be described in and by such* Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners-; provided that the total Amount to be issued by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any one time exceed the Amount of Exchequer Bills directed to* be issued* by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, as herein mentioned*; and every such Exchequer Bill fhalP bear Date on the Day on which the said Certificates shall appoint and direct and shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or, in his Name, by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame, with die Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any Three or more of them; and the said Commissioners appointed by this Act (Irall lnvc Power and Authority from time to time to revise and alter such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, as they shall see occasion; but that no such Revision or Alteration shall be valid, unless agreed to at a Board of the said: Commissioners, confiding of Eleven or more of them, convened upon three Days Notice for that Purpose.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them* shall fix and! appoint other proper and convenient Days for taking into Consideration such further Applications as shall from Time to Time be made to them, and shall ascertain the Amount of such Exchequer Bills as shall be required* to be from Time to Time issued for the Purposes of this Act, and by like Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, who shall and may, on Receipt thereof* direct further Exchequer Bills to be issued to such

Bills tobe ilfiieJ Amount, from Time to Time, as the Exigency of the Case shall in their or his Judgment require to be issued.

Sc Cm in equal Proportions, as nearly as may be, of Bills payable at such of the different Periods specified in this Act,

as shall be subsequent to the Time when such Issue9 shall be to be made respectively, until the whole of the

fills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall have been issued for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said

Conunil&oneri

Commissioners to give to Persons to whom Bills apportioned, Certificates of Amount; which shall be sufficient Warrant for Delivery.

Bills to be.ir Date when issued.

Commissioners may alter Regulations.

Commifli.jvers may appoint Days for considering further Applications.

Treasury may dir* ft further

A.D. 181

51° GEORGII III.

C. 15. 329

Commissioners by tills Act appointed shall from Time to Time proceed to determine to what Amount such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced to the Person respectively applying for the fame under this Act, and shall grant Certificates thereof to the proper Officer or Officers at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, in such Form and under the like Rules and Regulations as are hereinbefore mentioned, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be first issued as aforesaid; and such Officers shall from Time to Time deliver such Exchequer Bills in the Form and in the Mauner before directed.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act Account of B.ll#

ensuing, payable o» ift the said F«b -3<i or to be issued and directed to be respectively made payable either on the First Dav of February now next the Third Day of May then next ensuing, or the Fourth Day of Jlugujl, shall not be issued from w».w^Xueutt Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, before such Days respectively, the proper Officer or Officers of the saidnd no^\)ien Exchequer shall from Time to Time deliver an Account of the same to the Lords Commissioners of the Trea- iffuH, delivered fury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners to Treasury. of the Treasury, - or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to direct Bills made out in a like Number of Exchequer Bills to the fame Amount to be made out at the said Exchequer, in lieu of the 1*"thereof, &c. Bills not issued there, as aforesaid, and that the same shall be made payable in equal Proportions, as near as may be, upon the several Days then to come on which Exchequer Bills are by this Act directed to be made payable, and shall be issued and applied in like manner and to the like Purposes as the Exchequer Bills, in lieu whereof the same are to be made, are by this Act directed to be issued and applied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That such Officers by whom such Exchequer Bills shall be delivered, shall Lists of Hxche- from time to tin e, upon the Requisition of the Lid Commissioners hereby appointed, deliver to them at their ^ut d^ilX'-'dto Office complete Lists of all the Excln quer Bills ma.'e out by them, specifying therein the respective Dates and Commissioners. Sumsexprcfled therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the fame; and distinguishing therein the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the fame were issued respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom such Exchequer Bills whom

shall be advanced or lent, shall previously enter into such Security, in such Sum or Sums of Money, and with a.d'Mn£ed*°k such Sureties or such Deposits of Goods as the Case may require, and the said Commissioners; or any Seven or enl^, n^ more of them, shall deem necelLry; which Securities the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, .9 shall by their D feretion have full Power and Authority to causeto be taken as herein after is mentioned; and that every Security to be taken in pursuance of this Act, as well of the Principal Party as of such Sureties n fp< ftively, shall b by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord the King, in such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be directed by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by virtue of this Act, to be paid to-our said Lord the King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to the King's Majesty have been used to be' made, and with such Conditions to be there underwritten, as by such Commissioners shall be deemed proper; and that all such Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the fame Quality, Force and EflVft, to all intents and purposes, as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the now King, or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received or taken to be, any Law, ULge or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Securities-which shall be entered into by the Person cxr Persons How Securities to whom or to whose Account any such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced, shall be made in fucif Sum, not (h.ill be given^a. left than Double the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, as the said Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, shall in their Discretioir direct; and that in every such case, if the Party or Parties shall enter into such Security, without any Surety or Su eties, then such Party or Parties shall, over and above such Security, deposit or cause to be deposited in the Custody of the said Commissioners, or of such Persons as they shall appoint, by Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, Wares or Merchandize of the proper Goods of such Party or Parties, or in his or their Possession and Disposition, and wherein he or they shall have a specific Interest. to a certain Amount, which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, (the Duties of Customs and Excise payable upon the fame, in case any such Duties shall by Law be payable upon such Goods, being first duly satisfied, and which shall he proved' to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint) bearing a Proportion not less than is herein after mentioned, to the Value of the Principal Sums so to be advanced, and v/bich Wares or Merchandize shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such, Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, at such Place or Places herein after mentioned, as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall appoint; and shall be ftcured and kept in proper Warehouses, at such Places respectively, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, under such Regulations as the, said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall prescribe; and such Wares and Merchandize shall* cot be liable to be attacliedor seized, or removed or taken from or out of the Custody of the said Commissioners, by any Process, either in Law or Equity, or by the Custom of the City of London, or other Place in this Kingdom^ or by or under any Commission of Bankruptcy not actually issued at the Time when such Deposit shall be made, unless the Principal Sums, contained in such Exchequer Bills as shall be advanced or lent on the Security of the said Wares or Merchandizes, together with such Interest as shall be directed to be paid by this Act, shall be first paid.or satisfied, at the Times or in the Manner herein after mentioned; or without having obtained the previous Consent of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, under their Hands, for such Attachment or Seizure, or for the Removal of the fame, according to the Directions of this Act, or by the Order of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as herein after is mentioned.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall lawful for the said Commissioners appointed Commissionen by this Act to advance and lend such .Exchequer J)ill§ to any Person or Persons on the Security of any Wares m»y.i*nd Exche-

or quer Bills 10

3'5»: c. 15.

51" Georgii nr.

A.D. 18 r 1.

Pci suns on Tro-pcity of others.

How Questions rdpe^tine Proper rlepofited determined.

Commissioners may advance liiSison Wires Joined as herein specified, which shall not be removed without their Authority.

Officers of

Customs or Excise to receive Deposits, and transmit Certificates to Commissioners.

Duties on Deposits not demanded, or W a rchou fe room for Tobacco, while warehoused under Art.

Commissioners may advance on Merchandize deposited in Warehouses belonging to

E.I.C.

How far Surety responsible.

No Bills issued, unless Sums set against Names of Sureties amount to double the Sum advanced.

Commissioners to provideWare-houses,

And appoint Officers to take Care thereof*

or Merchandize, the Property of any other Person or Persons, with the Consent of the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, such Consent to be testified and proved to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners in such Manner as they or any Seven or more of them shall think proper; and that such Wares or Merchandize being pledged with such Consent as aforesaid, shall be bound as fully and effectually as if such Exchequer Bills were advanced and lent to the true Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively under this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise respecting the Property of any Wares or Merchandize which shall be deposited as aforesaid, or any Interest therein, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, any Persons or Person claiming such Wares or Merchandize, or any Interest therein, or the Produce thereof, or any Part thereof, shall and may apply in a summary way, by Motion or otherwise, touching the fame, to the said Courts of Exchequer respectively as the case may require; which Courts shall proceed to enquire into the Validity of such Claims, and shall thereupon order such ^Varesor Merchandize, or any Part thereof, or any Money which shall have arisen by Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, to be delivered or paid to such Person or Persons, upon such Terms and in such Manner as the said Courts reflectively shall direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act to advance and lend Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of this Act, on Wares or Merchandize that are or may be lodged and secured in the King's Warehouses or in Warehouses or Places under the King's Lock, and under the Management or Controul oT the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, or either of them in England or Scotland respectively, in the Port of London, or in any other Port in Great Britain, wherein Wares or'Merchandize are or may be allowed by Law to be secured without Payment of Duty in the first Instance, or any of them, but not elsewhere, on the estimated value of the said Wares or Merchandize, exclusive of the Duties chargeable thereon; and that such Ware3 or Merchandize shall remain in such Warehousea or Places respectively wherein they shall have been secured under the King's Lock, and under the Management or Controul of such respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, under the several Rules, Regulations and restrictions now established by Law, except as is by this Act excepted; provided that no such Wares or Merchandize shall be removed from any such Warehouses without the Authority of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, Signified to such respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the principal Officers of Customs or Excise resident at any of the Places hereinbefore mentioned, or any other Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise at such Places respectively, being duly authorized by the respective principal Officers as aforesaid, shall receive into their Custody respectively any Wares or Merchandize intended to be deposited as a Security for any Loan to be advanced under this Act, and forthwith transmit a Certificate under their or his Hands to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, certifying the Nature, Quantity and Quality thereof.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Duty payable by Law for such Wares or Merchandize shall not be required or demanded during such Time as such Wares or Merchandize shall remain in any such Warehouses or Warehouse, under the Authority of this Act; nor shall any Warehouse Rent in case of Tobacco, be demanded, by reason of its continuing in any such Warehouses or Warehouse, under the Authority of this Act, other than what is now payable by Law on any such Tobacco; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act to advance and lend Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, on Wares or Merchandize deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses in Great Britain, belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on delivering to the said Commissioners all such Warrants or Warrant, under which such Party or Parties to whom such Exchequer Bill shall be advanced shall have become entitled to such Wares or Merchandize, without being compelled to remove the fame from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses into the Custody of such Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where such Security shall be entered into with such Surety or Sureties as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall in their Discretion approve, then each of the Sureties in such Security shall be bound in such Sum and no more, as he shall set and subscribe against his Name upon such Security: Provided that no Exchequer Bills shall be issued on the Security last mentioned, unless the Amount of all the Sums set and subscribed against the Names of the several Sureties Vpon the said Security, shall amount in the whole to Double the Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills so to be advanced on the Credit thereof; nor on any Deposit of Goods to a greater Amount than the Proportion of Fifty Pounds per Centum, in case the said Goods are manufactured, or of Sixty Pounds per Centum, in case the said Goods are unmanufactured, on the Value of such Deposit, or on the Value of the specific Interest which the Party or Parties depositing the same shall have therein as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall and they are hereby authorized and required to provide from Time to Time such Warehouses or Places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing all such Wares or Merchandize, in which the full Duties of Customs and Excise shall have been paid, as shall be deposited with them under the Directions of this Act, at such Cities, Towns and Places as are hereinbefore described, and uot elsewhere, in regard to such Ware* and Merchandize as may have been imported into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, but in such Towns and Places as may appear to the said Commissioners to be convenient and proper, as to such Wares and Merchandize as are of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom, and to appoint the necessary Officers to attend and have the Care of such Wares or Merchandize at such Warehouses or Places respectively, and to causefcll such Wares or Merchandize, or the respective Packages containing the fame, to be numbered, marked,

14 weighed

A.D. 181t\ 51° GEORGII III. C. i£. 33>

weighed or takcir an Account of, in such Manner and from Time to Time at such Times as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, so as to avoid any Damage or Loss to the respective Proprietors thereof by reason of such Deposits; and it shall be in the Discretion and Power of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to make all necessary Regulations from Time to Time for the Receipt, safe Custody, and Delivery out of such Wares and Merchandize deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places, and from Time to Time to permit the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or their respective Agents or Factors, or other Persons duly authorized to inspect, examine, and take reasonable Samples of the fame; provided, that upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wares or Merchandize deposited under this Act, and upon Proof made before the Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, or before such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; but nevertheless to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, of the Expediency of redelivering the same to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, for the Purpose of Trade, before the Sums advanced or lent thereon Hull be paid or satisfied; and upon a Tender of such Security for the due Payment thereof, as is herein mentioned, or of other Goods of equal

Value to be deposited in like Manner, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, in their Discretion, to change the Security for such Loan, and to direct and order such Wares and Merchandize to be redelivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, on depositing other Goods as aforesaid, or giving such Security as by this Act is directed to be taken for the Payment of all the Principal Sums advanced and lent on the said Wares and Merchandize, and which shall be then unpaid, together with such Interest for the fame, as by this Act is limited, at the respective Days or Times appointed for Payment of the fame; and further, that where any Payment of the said Principal Sums with Interest shall have been duly made on or before the Day appointed for Payment thereof, the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, upon the Application of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Wares or Merchandize deposited as aforesaid, his, her or their Assignee or Assigns, shall direct and order a Part of such Wares and Merchandize, the estimated Value whereof shall as near as conveniently may be in the Judgment of such Commissioners bear the same Proportion to the estimated Value of the Whole which such Principal Sum so repLfid shall bear to the whole of the Principal Sums advanced and lent on any such Wares and Merchandize, to be redelivered to such Proprietor or Proprietors, his or their Assignee or Assigns, and so from Time to Time on every such respective Instalment being so paid and satisfied, on or before the Day when the same shall respectively become payable; and in like Manner shall redeliver the whole of such Wares or Merchandize on Payment of all the Principal Sums advanced and lent thereon, together with Interest; and that upon producing the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, with the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England thereunto annexed, signifying the Payment thereof as aforesaid, the Officer or Officers having the Care of such Wares or Merchandize, shall deliver out of the Warehouse or Warehouses or other Places wherein the same shall be so deposited, the whole or so much of the said Wares or Merchandize as shall be mentioned or expressed in such Certificate or Certificates of such Commissioners.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are Commissioners hereby authorized and required to provide from Time to Time such Warehouses or Places as they shall deem toprovideWars — requisite for lodging and securing Wares or Merchandize deposited with them, and on which the full Duties of Customs and Excise shall have been paid, at any Place not more than Ten Miles distant from the Standard London!* ° in Cornhilly in the City of London; and that such Custody shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame were deposited in London, in pursuance of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Wares and Merchandize which are or shall be Deposits in

placed under the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or in any Rooms, Warehouses Warehouses of or Places belonging to any Owner or Owners of such Wares or Merchandize, in any of the Places mentioned l^der

in this Act for the Deposit of Wares and Merchandize, and which shall be approved by the said Commission- ofljcersdeenud ers as a Security for any Loan under this Act, shall be deemed a Deposit of Wares and Merchandize within Deposit by the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall and may be kept and secured in the Custody of such Offi- this Act.

cer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in such Warehouses, Rooms or Places of such Owner or Owners respectively, as a Security for such Loan and until Payment thereof, under such Rules and Regulations as shall be from time to time prescribed by the said Commissioners, and under the several Restrictions, Conditions, Exemptions, Privileges and Advantages, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Wares and Merchandize were deposited as such Security in the Custody of the said Commissioners under this Act.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Permit shall be required by Law Permits* for the Removal of any Wares or Merchandize from Place to Place within this Kingdom, such Permit shall be required in all Cases for the Removal of the like Wares or Merchandize to or from any Warehouse or.\Yarchouses to be provided or used under the Authority of this Act.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons depositing or causing to Persons deposit-be deposited any Wares or Merchandize under this Act, shall at his and their proper Charges, if required so Wares to to do by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, cause the same to be iufured from any Loss by inlure thero# Fire, for and during such time as the said Wares or Merchandize shall be deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses or other Place in pursuance of this Act, for such Sum or Sums of Money, and with such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or approve.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in all Cases where Commissioners they shall see occasion, to accept and take as a further and additional Security for any Loan to be made of any such Exchequer Bills, or any Part of such Loan, over and above the Security required by this Act, any Ex- tfona*i Security, chequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities for Money whatever, which shall Deposits of Bilk be deposited for that Purpose, as the said Comuuifioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct y and all of Exchange, «cc

such.

332

Comrntfllonors

miy t »k<', as >d-dit'oti.il Security, HeiitaMe Sc u-riticson Fihtes in Scotland, and Alignments thereof.

Partners to give, beside* required Security, a Promifrbry Note for such Sum ns Comnvlfijners shall direct.

Partners Estates liable for Advances made them on Security of others, &c.

C. 15. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

stich Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Bills of Exchange, or other negociatle Securities for Money so deposited shall, in Default of payment of such Loan, in the manner directed by this Act, become and be vested in the said Commissioners, and shall and may be sold and disposed of, or the Monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, for tkfc Use of the said Commissioners tinder this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further cria&ed, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in all Cases where they shall see Occasion, to accept and take as a further and additional Security for any Loan to be made of any Sum in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, or Part of such Loan, from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, or other Person or Persons having Lands, Heritages, or other Real Estates in Scotland >any Heritable Security whatever, which may affect, incumber, or charge the Lid Real Estates of such Principals or Sureties, or such other Persons as aforesaid, by the Laws of Scotland; and also to accept and take as a like further and additional Security, from any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons possessed of any Heritable Security affecting, incumbering or charging any Real Estates in Scotland, any Alignment of such Heritable Security, prepared according to the Forms prescribed by the Laws of Scotland; and that every such Heritable Security which shall be so granted or constituted, and every Alignment of any Heritable Security which shall be so made, as any such further and additional Security for such Loan as aforesaid, shall respectively be granted, constituted, and made to and in the Name of the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being, in Trust for the said Commissioners, in Terms of the Loan for which the same shall be a Security; and the said Secretary for the time being shall, under the Directions of the said Commissioners, have full Power and Authority to perform, execute and carry into Effect any Acts, Matters and Things whatever, which shall be requisite for the further and better alluring and validating any such Heritable Security or Assignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting and pursuing the fame, for the Recovery of the Sums for which such Securities were respectively granted, constituted and made in all Courts of competent Jurisdiction in Scotland, as fuHy and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Securities respectively were granted, constituted and made to the Secretary for the time being, as a Security for his own proper Debt in Scotland 5 and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the Principal Sums for which such Security shall be given, with Interest for the fame, and all Colls incurred in recovering the fame; and the said Secretary for the time being shall, and he is hereby authorized, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to -execute, on Behalf of the said Commissioners, a Discharge and Renunciation of the said Money so paid or satisfied, to be prepared at the Cods of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Satisfaction, according to the Forms prescribed by Law for discharging and renouncing an Heritable Debt or Incumbrance upon a Real Estate in Scotland; and that such Discharge and Renunciation shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons carrying on Trade in a Partnership or Firm with any other Person or Persons, shall apply for any Exchequer Bills to be advanced by virtue of this Act, on any of the Securities herein mentioned, and shall shew to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Exchequer Bills are to be advanced to such Person or Persons, for the Use of the said Partner-ship# it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so applying for such Advance, to give to the said Commissioners, over and above the Security required by this Act, a Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, in the Partnership Firm, in such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Sum to be advanced to such Person or Persons, with Interest for the fame, according to this Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct; which Promissory Notes as aforesaid shall reflectively be made payable to the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being, at such times and in such Proportions as the Advance to be made to the Person or Persons so applying shall be stipulated to be paid, by the Obligation or Obligations, to be entered into by such Person or Penons pursuant to this Act; which Notes shall be respectively made in the Form following; that is to say,

'XX7E promise to pay to the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills for the«time being, the Sum of with Interest for the fame, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum by the Year, from the Date hereof, on Day of now next ensuing/

Provided that separate and diilind Notes shall be made and given by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, in respect of each Instalment to be paid of the Sum advanced pursuant to this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being to sue upon every such Note.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Advance in Exchequer Bills shall be made to any Person or Persons concerned in any Partnership, upon the Application of any Person or Persons to the said Commissioners to make such Advance to the Use of the said Partnership, and such Advance, or any Part thereof, shall have been actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, then the Estate and Estates of such Partnership shall be liable and iiibjed to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Sums advanced and actually applied as aforesaid, with Interest for the fame, and all Cods attending the Recovery thereof, as in case of Debt found on Record to the King's Majesty, notwithstanding the said Commissioners shall have taken Securities for the fame Debt in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than the Persons concerned in such Partnership, or in the Name or Names of any One or more of such Partners; and in case it shall be made appear by Affidavit to any Baron of the respective Courts of Exchequer in England\ Scotland and Ireland, that such Advance, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the Use of the said Partnership, and the fame being found on Record, it shall be lawful for such Baron to caui'e an Extent to be issued against the Estate and Effedsof such Partnership, to the Amount of the Sum so actually applied, with Inhered thereupon and Cods as aforesaid, in the same manner as if the Advance so actually applied was an immediate Debt from all the Persons concerned in such Partnership to the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

12 XXVIX. And

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 15.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to advance and lend to the respective Companies of the incorporated Banks in Scotland, called The Banl of Scotland, and The Royal Bank, and for the said Banks respectively to borrow from the said Commissioners, any Sum of Money in Exchequer Bills, or any of the Securities mentioned, in the same Manner as if such Sums respectively were lent and borrowed in Scotland; any Charter, Usage or Custom to the contrary not with standing; and that any Obligation to the King's Majesty in the Form mentioned in this Act, being under the Seals of such Corporations respectively, and every other Security made in the ofual Form of such Securities for Money borrowed by such Corporations respctflively in Scotland, which shall be entered into or given to or deposited with the said Commissioners as a Security for such Loans respectively, shall be good and valid in Law, and shall be respectively proceeded upon for the Recovery of such Loans, with Interest reserved thereon, and Costs attending the Recovery of the fame, in the Manner directed, as fully and effectually as if such Money had been borrowed in Scotland, under the Powers, Limitations and Provisions contained in any Charter of Charters relating to the said Corporations respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or lent by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, shall be repaid without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for tire fame, by Instalments as herein after is mentioned; that is to say, the Principal Sum in each and every Exchequer Bill shall be repaid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, at their Office, together with Interest for the fame, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Space of Fifteen Days at least before the Time when each such Exchequer Bill shall become payable, according to the Provisions of this Act, such Interest to be computed on the said Principal Sum from the Date of Inch Exchequer Bill to the Time of Payment thereof 5 and if any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money within the respective Times hereinbefore limited for Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Seven or more of them, by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to caulc so much as they shall think necessary of the Wares and Merchandize deposited or being in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Places, by or on account of such Defaulter or Defaulters, as a Security for such Payment, such Wares and Merchandize not bearing a greater Proportion to the estimated Value of the whole, than the Sum so due and in Arrear shall bear to the whole Sum advanced on the Credit of such Wares or Merchandize, to be appraised and sold at publick Auction to the highest Bidder, under such Terms and Conditions of Sale as such Commissioners shall direct, for and towards satisfying such Part of the Sums advanced on such Wares and Merchandize as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and with such Costs and Charges attending such Sale as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners; and the Money arising from such Sale shall be forthwith paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, towards satisfying the SumoPSums directed by such Commissioners to be raised thereby; and the Residue thereof shall be reserved at the said Bank of England, and carried to the Account of future Payments to be made by such Defaulter or Defaulters, if any shall remain to be made; and the Overplus (if any be after satisfying all Sum3 advanced on such Wares or Merchandize, with the Interest, Costs and Charges as aforesaid) shall be paid to such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such other Person or Persons as shall appear to such Commissioners to be entitled to the fame, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint to receive the same; and further, that in case any such Default shall be made, and no Wares or Merchandize shall be deposited with the said Commissioners, or that the same shall be found or shall become insufficient in Value to satisfy the whole of the Demand from such Defaulter or Defaulters, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, without further Delay, to issue their Warrant or Warrants from Time to Time to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown having the Direction or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majesty, requiring such Officer or Officers presently to proceed against all or any of the Persons who shall have entered into any Security for the Sum advanced, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced on such Securities as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid; and such Costs and Charges attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the lame, the Amount of which Principal Sums so to be levied, the said Commissioners shall cause from Time to Time to be testified by their Note in Writing under the Hands of any Two or more of them to such Officer or Officers, and which Slim shall be inserted in the Writ of Process, and the like Process shall and may from Time to Time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require; and tire Sums so recovered (the Coils and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, without Abatement, Deduction or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands; and it shall be in the Discretion of the said Commissioners to direct against which of the Obligors in such Security such Proceedings shall be from Time to Time commenced or prosecuted; and the said Commissioners shall have the Controiil and Superintendence of such Prosecutions, and the same shall not be discontinued, quaffied or abated upon any Pretence whatever, without the Authority of the said Commissioners, testified under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, end exhibited to the Barons of His Majt lly's Court of Exchequer al Westminster, or to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as the Case may require.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed by the Lid Commissioners as aforesaid, against any of the Obligors or Obligor named in any inch Obligation, no Writ or Writs of Scire Facias shall be required to be issued; but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the Bartons of the said respective Courts of Exchequer; and in case any such intended Proceeding shall be against any Sureties or Surety, then upon Proof of Notice having been served ^upon such Party or Parties, or left at tutor their usual 51 Geo. III. Xx Place

v

333

Commissioners may advance Exchequer Bill* to the irvorpolk ted Banks ift Scotland.

Principal S'iwrt of Exchequer Bills, with |me-rest, repaid by Iuitalmentt.

If not duly pail Commi dinners may order Part of Deposits im be sold.

In Proceedings a£ainst Obligors, no Wiit of Scire Facias cequisite.

After Payment ol Sums advanced, with Iniereit, Obligation* cancelled.

How Instalmenu paid.

Bills issued and not ul'ed returned to Exchequer, and cancelled.

Commissioners may authorize Bank to employ Monies paid, in Purchase of Exchequer Bills.

[Proviso.]

After Payment of Sums advanced, by Commissioners, Obligations with Sureties to (land as further Securities.

Process may issue against Principals, for Benefit of Sureties.

C. 15. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Place or Places of Abode respectively, Ten Days at lead before such Application shall be made to such Baron, an Extent shall and may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced with Interest as aforesaid at the Times and in the Manner herein specified, every such Obligation entered into in pursuance of this Act, being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall by their Warrant or Warrants direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, to enter up Satisfaction on such Obligation or Obligations, so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record or otherwise, to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the Case may require.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Instalments of the Sums advanced by virtue of this Act, may be made either in Money, or in any of the Exchequer Bills to be ifluedby virtue of this Act, which shall have become due at the Time of such Payment, or which shall be payable at a Period not later than Fifteen Days next after the Day appointed by this Act for the Payment of such Instalment, in Discharge of which such Exchequer Bills shall be paid.

XLI. And whereas the Parties to whom Exchequer Bills may be issued by virtue of this Act, may not have Occasion to make use of all their Bills: Be it further enacted, That such Exchequer Bills as may be tendered in Payment or Part of Payment of any of the Sums advanced by virtue of this Act, shall be returned to the Office at the Exchequer from which they were issued, and forthwith cancelled by the proper Officer or Officers by whom the said Bills were issued, he or they giving a Certificate to the Person returning such Exchequer Bills, for the Information of the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of them, to authorize the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, to employ any Monies which shall be paid as aforesaid, in the Purchase of any Exchequer Bills which shall be payable at the Period then next eniuing, and shall write thereon in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they so purchased such Bills 5 to which; respective Days the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be allowed the Interest, upon his or their paying the fame into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid: Provided that no Interest shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bills during the Time they shall remain in the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, but for such Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation with any Sureties or Surety to betaken accords ing to this Act, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced of lent, with all Intereils and Cods, in the Manner required by this Act, shall stand and remain at a further Security for the Purposee and in the Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any Surety or Sureties upon such Obligation, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Part of such Sums, Interest or Cods, then such Obligation, as against the principal Obligor or Obligors, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall stand as a Security as aforesaid for the Re-imbursement of such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and so from Time to Time until such Re-imbursement shall be fully made, according to the Intent of this Act; and if any such Sureties Or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied a Sum which shall hear a greater Proportion to the whole of the Sums recovered upon such Obligation than the Sum for which such Surety respectively shall have been bound, shall bear to the total Amount of the several Sums of Money for which all the several Sureties shall have been bound by such Obligation, then such Obligation, as against each and every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole Sum recovered, according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and Administrators respectively, shall (Land as a Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or Administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enforcing a Contribution amongst such Sureties in an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively bounds and so from Time to Time until such Contribution shall be fully made according to the Intent of this Act; and that in every such Case, upon the Application of any Sureties or Surety to the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Surety respectively, and the Sums to be recovered from such Principals or Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed in an equal Proportion, according to the Sums for which each Surety respectively shall have been bound in the fame Obligation, and so from Time to Time as the Case shall require 5 anil thereupon the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Warrant or Wanants in Writing under their Hands, shall from Time to Time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled, to be respectively recovered from and paid to such Persons respectively, as they shall specify in such Warrant or Warrants, under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in this Act contained as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any such Obligation as aforesaid, against any such Principals or Principal, their or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or AdministratorR,

£ and

335

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII IIt C. 15.

and against any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Co-sureties or Co-surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole Sum which shall have been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have been repaid; and in case any Sureties or Surety shall become'bound by distinct Obligations or Obligation for the fame Persons or Person, and for and on account of the fame Advancement, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like Manner, as well for the Benefit of as against such Sureties or Surety and against such Principals or Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the fame Obligation.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, as Surety, shall giro any such additional Security as in this Act is mentioned, over and above such Obligation or other Security, for any Loan as is required by this Act, and if any Payment shall be made of any Part of such Loan, in consequence of such additional Security being so given, and in Discharge thereof, every such Payment shall be deemed and taken to be made under the Obligation entered into by such Surety, and in Discharge, or in Part Discharge thereof, for the Purpose of entitling such Surety, his Executors or Administrators, and such Payment shall entitle such Surety, his Executors and Administrators respectively, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for the Re-imbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and from the Co-furetii*s in the said Loan, for the like Contribution as if such Payment or Satisfaction had actually been made upon the Obligation entered into by such Surety; and if any Person, not being a Party to any Obligation entered into by virtue of this Act, shall give such further Security for any Loan as in this Act is particularly mentioned; and any Payment or Satisfaction of such Loan or any Part thereof, shall be made in consequence of such further Security being so given; and in Discharge thereof, every such Payment or Satisfaction shall entitle the Party making the same, his Executors or Administrators, to the like Remedy from the principal Debtor or Debtors in the said Loan, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for the Re-imbursement of the Sums so paid or satisfied, as if such Person had entered into an Obligation as Surety, and such Payment had been made thereupon; and that in every Case of such Payment upon or in consequence of such additional Security, as well the Obligation 0* Obligations of such principal Debtor or Debtors entered into by virtue of this Act, as all and every the* additional Securities which may have been given by such principal Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act; shall feveraBy and respectively (land and remain as Securities for the Purpose of such Re-imbursement, in the Manner directed by this Act, in Cases of Payment by Sureties upon Obligations, and until the whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied shall be fully re-ur.bursed 5 and that such Proceedings shall be had upon any additional Securities given by such principal Debtor or Debtors, for the Recovery of the Sums so paid, for the Benefit of the respective Parties making such Payments, their Executors or Administrators, as might lawfully have been had for the Recovery of the Sums due and payable to the said Commissioners, notwithstanding the said Loan shall have been fully repaid to the said Commissioners.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Exchequer Process under the Warrant of the Commissioners under this Act in Favour of any Sureties against their Principal, or against any Co-sureties, shall have any Priority over any other Debts to which such Process would be by Law entitled, unless the said Process shall lfiiie within Six Months after the Date of the last Instalment, for which such Surety shall have given Security; any Thing in this Act or in any Law contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Wares and Merchandize deposited with the said Commissioners under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be for such Purposes vested in the said Commissioners, by the Name of "The Commtfftoners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills" and that the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be (ued in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners, on account of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secreta/y, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the Case may be 5 and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners collectively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in One of the said Courts of Exchequer, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Courts shall direct.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given from and after the passing of this Act, by any Person or Persons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded, and issued out in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of such Bankruptcy become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and that all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Commission of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the fame; and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in Preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the Time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Courts in England,


In what case Suirty intitled to Remedy

ag-inst original Debtor and Co* Sureties

How fir chequer Process shall have Priority over other Debts.

Deposits veiled in Commissioners, who may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

Securities of Persons becoming Bankrupts 19 England.

Proceedings.

lii Scotland, &c.

Commissioners way accept Security for Sums due from Bankrupts.

Commissioners may accept provisional Security from Assignees uf Sureties, to be void on Payment of Money due by principal Debtor, &c.

Releaseof Estate or Effects of Bankrupts not to discharge other Securities.

If principal Debtors do not produce other Sureties, or pay Half the Sum for which Bankrupt Sureties were bound, Process issued against them for iu

C. 15. 5i* GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

having Jurisdiction of the Matter of such Commission of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accordingly 5 which such Courts respectively are hereby authorized and required to make.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation or other Security entered into or given from and after the passing of this Act, by any Pei ion or Persons, either as Principal or Surety, who shall afterwards become Bankrupt, and against whose Estate Sequestration shall be awarded in Scotland, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the Time of the Date of the first Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding the Sequestration, become and be due and payable as against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts; and that all the Estate and Effects, Real and Personal, of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Sequestration, shall be liable and subject, and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Costs attending the Recovery of the fame; and that the Claims of the said Commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in Preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, nevertheless without Prejudice to Preferences duly obtained according to the Law of Scotland upon the Real Estates of Persons who shall become Bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a summary way to the proper Courts in Scotland having Jurisdiction of the Matter of such Bankruptcy, for making effec tual the Payment of the Claims of the said Commissioners accordingly, and the said Courts are hereby authorized and required to make the fame effectual accordingly.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept from the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupt issued, or from the Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under any Sequestration awarded against any principal Debtor or Debtors in any such Loan under this Act, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve; and that the Acceptance of such Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the said Commissioners; other than and except such Part of the said Estate a* shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the said Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England or Ireland, or between the said Commissioners and the said Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be referred by the said Commissioner for such Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Debt shall grow due to the said Commissioners from any fuel) Bankrupt or Bankrupts as a Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept from the Assignees under such Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or from the Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees under such Sequestration in Scotland, all luca provisional Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, out of his or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall approve, such Provisional Security to be void on the Payment or Satisfaction of the Sum so due by the principal Debtor or Debtors, or by the Acceptance of other Surety or Sureties in lieu thereof, in the manner herein after mentioned 5 provided that such Acceptance of such prp-visional Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatsoever by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners and the said Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England, or between the said Commissioners and the said Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be referred by the said Commissioners for such provisional Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any such Release of the Estate or Effects of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid, whether Principals or Sureties, upon any such Loan as aforesaid, shall not be deemed or taken either in Law or Equity to discharge any other Person or Persons, or the Estate or Effects of any other Person or Persons, or to affect any other Security for the fame Debt, or in any manner to prevent any Contribution amongst Sureties, or any Demand of Sureties against their Principals provided for by this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surety or Sureties upon any such Loan by the said Commissioners under this Act shall be declared Bankrupt as aforesaid, and the principal Debtor or Debtors thereon shall not, within Fourteen Days after Notice thereof, and Requisition made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, produce another Surety or other Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, ta become bound, and who shall accordingly become bound in the said Sum, by the like Security or Securities in lieu of the Surety or Sureties so becoming Bankrupt as aforesaid, or pay to the said Commissioners One Half of the Sum for which such Surety or Sureties were bound by such Security or Securities, then the Security and Securities, given or entered into by such principal Debtor or Debtors, shall be deemed forfeited, as far as to the Amount of One Half of the Sum or Sums in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause PrOcefs to be issued in the manner prescribed by this Act against the principal Debtor or Debtors, his and their Heirs, Executors, and Admmif-trators, for the Recocovery of One Half Part of all and every the Sum and Sum* in which such Surety or Sureties were bound respectively, together with Interest and Cost*j to be directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

UV. And

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 15.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply, by Petition or otherwise, to the proper Courts in England, or Ireland and Scotland respectively, for any Commission of Bankruptcy or Sequestration against the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts/and to sue out and otherwise pursue the fame respectively, in like Manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy, which shall at any time hereafter be awarded and issued out in England or Ireland, and the Court of Session or Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the time, and every Officer or other Person concerned in the Management of the sequestered Estate of any Bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the Proof of any Debt or Grounds of Debt under this Act, on the Oath, Affirmation or Affidavit of any Person appointed by the said Commissioners to act in the Execution of this Act; which Oath, Affirmation and Affidavit respectively, shall be taken and administered before any of the proper Officers having Authority by Law to administer Oaths or Affirmations, or to take Affidavits in cases of Bankruptcy, and shall permit such Person so authorized by the said Commissioners to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or Assignees, Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, as the case may require, of such Bankrupt's Estate and Effect9, and do and execute every other Act, Matter and Thing relating to such Bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such Person so authorized was the bonafide Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

LVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent, hinder or delay the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy, by the Commissioners therein named, according to the Laws now in force in those Parts of the United Kingdom called England and Ireland, or on the Proceeding to or under Sequestration in Scotland\ provided that every Assign* ment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, under the said Commission in England and Irc- land, and every Act of Sequestration of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be subject to the Claims of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, and until the same shall be fully paid or secured to be paid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in this Act, made with Application to any Commission or Commissions of Bankruptcy, shall be deemed and construed to extend to any Sequestration awarded or to be awarded against the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, as fully and effectually as if such Provision had been expressly applied thereto by this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters and Things which the said Commissioners appointed by this Act are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any Seven or more of them, unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England, shall and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners hereby appointed, under the Titles of Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills, and carry to the Credit of such Account, the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have advanced or lent any of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act tar any Person or Persons, the said Commissioners shall at some Time before the Sums contained therein shall be to be repaid* deliver to such Person or Persons at his or their Request, One or more Certificate or Certificates under their Hands, specifying the Value of every such Exchequer Bill, the respective Dates thereof, and the Times when they will respectively become payable by virtue of this Act $ and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates, by the Space of Fifteen Days or more before such Exchequer Bills shall become payable, accept and receive from the Person or Persons producing the fame the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, together with such Interest, to be computed from the Date thereof to the Time of Payment as aforesaid 5 and at the Foot of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies; and that whensoever the said Commissioners shall by their Warrant or Order nave directed such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Wares or Merchandize deposited by virtue of this Act, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken by virtue thereof, in default of such Payment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame respectively, a like Certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of the Monies to be raised or levied, and the Substance of such Warrant or Order to raise or levy the same; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or any One of them, shall, upon the Production of such last mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Officer or Officers the Monies so raised or levied, in Satisfaction of the Payments whereof Default shall be made as aforesaid 5 and at the Foot of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and every such Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall attest the fame under their Hands, and return the same to the Person or Persons producing the fame at the said Office; and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Discharge for the Sums expressed therein to have bee received as against the said Commissioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Adnuoiftnitors, as well to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipts shall be given, as to all and every the fafbna who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in such Certificate to which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Heirs* Executors and Administrators respectively.

337

Commissioners may apply for Commissions of ' Bankruptcy or Sequestration;

Commissioners of Bankruptcy* See to admit Proof of Debt upon Oath of Persons appoint, ed by Commifi-(ioners under tilts At\.

A A not to delay Execution of Commissioni of Bankruptcy*

ASt extended te Sequestration* against Estate of Bankrupts in Scotland.

Seven Comm if. sioners may aft.

Bank to open Account will* Commissioner*.

33*

Monty paid into Bank to be from Time to Time paid into Exchequer, and ktgt part, &c.

Treasury to cause Accounts to be taken of Exchequer Bills when payable, and of Money in Exchequer to discharge them.

Monies issued out of Consolidated Fund, replaced out of first Supplies.

Bank may ad. vanefr Money on Credit of

6 W. & M.

C. 20.

Commissionera to give Account of Proceedings to Treasury.

Major Part of Commissioners may fill up Va-

Q. 15. j 1' GEORGII III. A.D. 18ij',

LX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England, under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Monies; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid into the said Receipt upon any other Account whatever; and that all the Monies so paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned 5 that is to lay, in the first Place, for paying off and discharging all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, with such Interest as shall be payable thereon at the respective Days and Times, and in the Order and Course in which the same are hereby directed to be discharged; and all such Exchequer Bills and Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arise in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer accordingly; ?nd after paying off and discharging the fame, in the uext Place to pay off all the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred by the said Commissioners hereby appointed in carrying this Act into Execution, and to make good all such Sums as shall have been issued to the said Commissioners out of the Publick Monies towards the said Charges and Expences, in pursuance of the Orders of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, according to the Directions of this Act, and also to pay and satisfy all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills; and if any Surplus shall remain of the Monies paid into the said Receipt, by virtue of this Act, after satisfying the several Sums hereby charged thereon as aforesaid, such .Surplus shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That on the several Days and Times on which such Exchequer Bills are hereby directed to be discharged; that is to say, of the First Day of February next ensuing the passing of this Act, the Third Day of May then next ensuing, the Fourth Day of Auguff, and the Second Day of November then next ensuing, or within Ten Days after such Days respectively, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, which shall become payable on the respective Days and Times before specified, and of the Monies which shall then be in the said Receipt applicable to the paying off and discharging the fame 5 and if the Money which shall have arisen in the said Exchequer for or on account of the Payments to be made by the Bank of England by virtue of this Act, on the respective Periods before mentioned, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interest due as aforesaid, on the several Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act, then such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the Aids or Supplies which shall have been or shall be granted in this or any subsequent Session of Parliament; and in case the Monies arising from such Aids or Supplies shall not at the Time be sufficient for that Purpose, then all the said Exchequer Bills remaining undischarged, with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as at any Time or Times after any such Deficiencies shall happen, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied from Time to Time, as soon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such remaining Exchequer Bills, Interest and Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies shall be so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund, shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be thenafter granted in Parliament 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that whatever Monies shall be afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the said Receipt in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied towards replacing the Monies before issued of the said Aids or Supplies, or out of the said Consolidated Fund, as the case may be; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of i England, to advance or lend to His Majesty in like Manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of any Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six Millions 5 any Thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vtffehy and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France; to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall from Time to Time at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, during their carrying on any Proceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or having begun to act shall decline to act

any

A.D. 181 i.

51° GEORGII III.

c. 15- 339

any further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the cancies byDeath, remaining Commilfi: >ners, or the major Part of them acting afc aforesaid, by any Writing under their Hands &c. with Content and Seals, by and with the Content and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, of Treasury. or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refusing to act, or declining further to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners, or the major Part of them, with such Content and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such Case shall happen; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, with such Content and Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath hereinbefore provided and directed, shall be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commissioner or Cortimissioners constituted by this Act respectively.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politick Or Corporate, Persons advanc* advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be iffbed by trfrtue of this Act, by way of Loan, to any Person who ing Exchequer may be willing to accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the fame at the Sum which shall be expressed therein B, Ils by L03.11* respectively, together with such Interest as may have accrued thereon at the Time of advancing such Loan, to charge and receive Interest for such Loan at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, shall and may receive and fend all their Commissioner* Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; provided that fdch Letters and Packets as shall be sent free of PolUge. to the said Commissioners, be directed to " The Commissioners for tht JJfue of Exchequer Bills at their Office and that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their said Office, and shall be Hgiied on the Outside of fitch Letters and Packets by such Person as the said Commissioners, with the Content of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint, and under such Rc&ri&sons and Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper and direct.

LXVliL And be it further enacted, That any Wares or Merchandize sold by Public Sale by way of Deposit nor Auction under the Authority of this Act, shall and may be sold free of the Duty imposed upon Sales by liable to Audios Auction. Duty.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to His Majesty taken by the said Commissioners, Obligations, && nor any Heritable Securities, nor any Assignment of any Heritable Securities taken by the said Com- not liable to missioners, or ary Promissory Note to be given to the Secretary to the said Commissioncfs under this Act Sump Duty, as a Security for the Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition or Receipt taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

LXX. And be it furthef enacted, That no Action or Suit flhdl be commenced against any Person or Pet-jfons for any Thing done by virtue tof or in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners; nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath be*a made to the Party or Parries aggrieved; nor after Sit Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be brought inf the said respective Court of Exchequer, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex or the City of Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants of such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same. Or shall be brought without Fourteen Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought iu any other County or Place, or after a fufneient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant Treble Cofl*. or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cates by Law.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause o* Counterfeiting procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or willingly act or affirt in the forging, counter- Certificates, &r. feiting or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners by this Act appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act 5 or shall wilfully deliver to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer for the Time being, or to any Officer appointed by him, or to the said Commissioners by this Act appointed, or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of this Act; or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Re^ ceipt.or Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every f'- -

shall be adjudged (

LXXII. And I

shall be lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the case may require.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, Adjnay be aL varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be parted in this present Session of Parliament*

Limitation df Actions.

General I flu*

Death.

Affirmations*

tered, &a

A.D. 18n

40 C> i6> 17. 51° GEORGII III.

CAP. XVXf

Holders of certain Exchequer Bills carrying i'aVne to Exchequer shall receive Ctificates to the Bank.

Provi so.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

[4th April 1811.]

Most Gracious % Sovereign,

1 TT TE Tour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament t W assembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained iu certain Exchequer Bills, now outltanding, to the Amount of Twelve Millions Sterling, have resolved, that all Persons interested in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills should be entitled, in respect of the Principal Sums

contained therein, to such Capital Stock in Annuities as are herein after mentioned, subject to the rrovisions

of this Act; f We Your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person intereded in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the Fird Day of April One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Sixteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; who shall Detween the Twenty fird Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and the Twenty seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, both inclusive, have carried the same to the Office of the Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, unless the said Principal Sum of Twelve Millions Sterling shall have been sooner subscribed at the said Office, in such Exchequer Bills, shall be paid the Intered that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in Money, as soon after the said Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, as can conveniently be done, and shall have in Exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Paymaders Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressing the Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bills, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and Three Pounds Fourteen Shillings Capital Stock in Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum9 to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, for each One hundred Pounds Contained in such lass mentioned Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum; and that all Persons intereded in or entitled unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, shall, by having delivered the fame between the tespective Days aforesaid, into the said Office of Paymaders of Exchequer Bills, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms; which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the Timet and in the Manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Millions Sterling.

u Exchequer Office to receive and cancel such Exchequer Bills, on granting such Certificates. §2. 44 Certificates to entitle to certain Annuities, payable at the Times herein mentioned. Foreign Attachment. $ 3. Annuities payable out of Consolidated Fund, f 4. Certificates assignable before August 1, " 1811. §5. Bank, on receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for the Capital Stock therein men* u tioned; which Stock may be transferred. §6. Exchequer to issue Money to the Bank for Payment of the Annuities. §7. Accountant General to examine the Cashiers Accounts. §8. Money converted into 41 Five per Cent. Annuities to be added to the Joint Stock of Five per Cent. already established. f 9. Mode " of transferring Stock, f 10. Penalty of counterfeiting Certificates, &c. f II. Bank to continue a Cor* 41 poration for the Purpose of this Act. §12. No Fee to be taken on Penalty of 20l. §13. Bank to re-4' ceive a Compensation for their Services. §14.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General I flue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict mall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontlnuc his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer Or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

I[This Ady except as to Dates and Sumst is in the fame Words as 50 G. 3. c. 23.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to render valid certain Acts done for completing the Regular Militia, and to indemnify the Persons concerned therein.

[4th April 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for

24. completing the Militia of Great Britain«And whereas by the said Act, every County, Hundred

and Parish, for which the full Number of Men required shall not be enrolled, is made subject to a Fine of £ ay. 4 Forty Pounds for every Man deficient; and it is by the said Act also enacted, that when and so soon as all

the Men required to be raised for the Militia of any County shall have been raised and enrolled, or at the

Expiration of the Period allowed for raising Men, all further Ballot and Enrolment should be suspended for 4 a limited Time: And whereas in some of the Counties in which the full Number required had not been raised and enrolled before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ten, Men have been 4 ^allotted, Taised and enrolled under the said last mentioned Provision, although no Order for continuing

11«the

A.D. 1811. 5i GEORGII III. C. 17, 18, 19. 34*

the Ballot bad then been made by His Majesty: And whereas all the Counties in which the full Number

required have not been raised, are now directed, by an Order of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of Hirf Majesty in Council, under the Provisions of the said Act, to raise the Number of Men deficient; and it is therefore expedient, that all Doubts should be removed as to the Men

raised after the First Day of QBobtr and before the ifluingr of such Order: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conftnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That all Enrolments of Men, raised in any County, Riding, Shires Enrolments of Stewartry, City, Town or Place, for the completing the Militia under the said Act, after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, before the issuing of any such Order of His Royal High- af^sept30* ness the Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, and all Acts, Matters and Things i8xo* before*done for the ballotting or enrolling of any such Men, or in any manner relating thereto, under any of the Hlhing of any Provisions of the said Act, or of any Ad relating to the Militia, for the Purpose of raising such Men, shall fucil 0.rder of be as good, valid and effednal as if the fame had been done, after the issuing of such Order of His Royal lhe Highness the Prince Regent, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty in Council 5 and all Persons whqent* Va*Cfc have acted in the Execution of the said Acts, or any of the Provisions thereof, for the balloting, raising or enrolling of such Men, or in any matter or thing relating thereto, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and shall be and are hereby released from all Actions, Suits, Penalties and Forfeitures whatever, incurred by them, or any of them, in relation thereto

t

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, tuitil the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[4th .April 18i i.J

CAP. XIX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Ail of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduil of Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to extend the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works And others.

[4th April 1811.]

WHEREAS an Ail was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4jG.3. c. 4ft

intituled, An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure,

and the ConduB of Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for correBing or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conduB'tng and managing the Business of the said Departments, to continue in force for Two Tears, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; which said Act was continued by subsequent Acts until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And whereas it is expedient that the said Ail and the Powers of the said Commissioners should be revived and further continued for a limited Period, and should be extended to an Enquiry into the Expenditure and Conduil of the Business in the Office of Works, and into the Execution of other Public Works hereafter mentioned : May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Ail and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, as extended by this Act, shall be Continued tMI and the same are hereby revived and further continued in full force from the Twenty fifth Day of March One March sjtb, thousand eight hundred and eleven, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and lSl2* twelve.

II. And be it further enacted, 'That in addition to the several Offices which the said Commissioners are Commissioners directed to enquire into by the said recited Ail, such Commissioners shall also esquire and examine into the 10 cmwye into Public Expenditure and Conduil of Business in the Office of Works, and also into the Mode and System pursued in the Conduil and Execution of Public Works, the Expences of which are specially voted by of Business

Parliament, and are not included in the Estimates of any Public Department, and which may not come under in Oftise of the immediate Controul and Direction of the Office of Works; and whether any and what Abuses or Irregu- Works, &c. larities exist, and in any such Cases as appear to them to require it, whether any or what Abuses or Irregularities have existed in such Office or Department, or in the Execution of such other Works, or have been practised or committed by any Person or Persons that now are or have been concerned in managing, conducing or transailing the Business of the said Office or Department, or other Works, or been in any Manner employed therein; and shall report upon and date the lame to His Majesty and to both Houses of Parliament, and also report on the most effectual Means of remedying the fame, and generally shall report on the State and Management of the said Office and Department and other Works, and suggest any such Regulations for 51 Geo. III. Y y the

X

342

45 G. 3

extended to Inquiry into Office ufWodt*.

What Portion of Militia of G. B. allowed to enlist

His Majesty miy appoint Re-men*$ in which Militia Men quay enlist.

Number of Men to enlist.

41G 3 ec. $o, ^7 G. 3. c. 15.

In what CAre .His Majesty may allow a greater Number to be cnlilUd.

Appointment of Officers to approve or reject Jtfen:

Height.

Age.

His Majestys Orders, and Terms of enlist* ing to be read and explained. Names of Men enlisting, taken down*

C. 19, JO. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 18ir.

the better carrying on the Public Service in regard thereto as may appear to them moil conducive to the Public Interest.

Ilf. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Penalties and Means of recovering the fame Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act relative to the Inquiry into the Offices and departments therein mentioned, shall be in force and be applied as far as the same are applicable to the conducting the Inquiry hereby authorized to be made into the Office of Works, and into the Execution of such other Works as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the said Office of Works and other Works had been originally included in the said recited Act.

CAP. XX.

An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist annually into the Regular Forces; and to provide for the gradual Reduction of the said Militia.

[11th April i8ikJ

TXT WHEREAS it is necessary to provide a permanent Supply of Men for His Majesty's Regular Forces*

and it is therefore expedient to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain annually

to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, under certain Restrictions Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty annually to accept the Services of such Men of the Militia of England not exceeding Five thoitfand seven hundred and fourteen, and of the Militia of Scotland not exceeding One thousand one hundred and forty two, as shall respectively be willing to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for such Nuro* bers of Men from the Militias of England and Scotland respectively to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces* under the Regulations, and subject to the Restrictions herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders signed by His Majesty's Secretary of State, to name and appoint such and so many of the Regiments of His Majesty's Regular Forces as His Majesty shall think fit, to receive Volunteers from the Militia in Great Britain under this Act, out of any Regiment or Regiments of Militia named in any such Order; and it shall be lawful for any Number of Private Men of any such Regiment of Militia, not exceeding the Proportion herein after mentioned, to enlist in the Manner and under the Regulations herein mentioned, into any Regiment as aforesaid, which in any such Order of His Majesty shall be named to receive Volunteers from such Regiment of Militia.

III. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Secretary of State shall annually ascertain the Number of Private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of each Regiment of the Militia of Great Britain, so that the whole Number do not exceed Five thousand seven hundred and fourteen Men from the Militia of England, and One thousand one hundred and forty two Men from the Militia of Scotland; and that the Number taken from the Militia of each County shall be in the fame relative Proportion to, and not exceed One Seventh Part of the Quota fixed for each County respectively, by Two several Acts passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Militias of England and Scotland, and by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets; and His Majesty's Secretary of State shall annually, on or before the First Day of February^ signify to the Commanding Officers of every Regiment of Militia, the Number of Private Men that shall be allowed to enlist under the Provision of this Act; and in case the Militia of any County shall consist of more than One Battalion, His Majesty's Secretary of State shall ascertain the Number of Private Men.that may be allowed to enlist out of each of such Battalions, by the Proportion which the Private Men serving jn each such Battalion bears to the whole Number of Private Men actually serving in the Militia of each County.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty by any Order signed by His Majesty's Secretary of State, to allow of the enlisting into the Regular Forces of any greater Number of Men in Addition to such Proportion as aforesaid, out of the Militia of any County, in which by reason of the full Number of Men not having enlisted under any former Act or Acts of Parliament, the whole Number of Men serving shall exceed the Quota, and such Proportion of Supernumeraries as are by this Act specified for such County, until the Militia of such County shall be reduced to such Quota and Number of Supernumeraries under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint such General or Field Officers, specially authorized by His Majesty, or by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, for that Purpose, to inspect, approve or reject the Private Men who shall be desirous of enlisting under this Act; and such Officers may approve of or reject such Private Men accordingly: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize any such Officers to reject any Private Men desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, who shall be of the Height of Five Feet and Four Inches or upwards, and under the Age of Thirty five Years, and not disabled by Lameness or other Bodily Infirmity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of a Regiment of Militia shall, within Two Days after the Receipt of the Order as to Men enlisting, cause his Regiment to be drawn out, and speh Commanding Officer shall read or cause to be read by some Commissionea Officer to the Regiment of Men fp drawn out. His Majesty's Orders in relation to enlisting under this Act, and ftjall cause the same to be given out in Orders, and shall, in such Manner as His Majesty shall direct, explain to the Men the Terms upon which any Man serving in the Militia may enlist in$o His Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act; and

shall

A.D. 1811.

5 i° GEORGII III.

C. 20. 343

shall on the Day next succeeding cause hi Regiment to be drawn out, and the Names of the Men who shall then voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting to be written down, and if the Number of Men shall exceed the Proportion allowed to enlist, such Excels shall be reduced by Ballot to the Number authorized to enlist.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Number of Private Men in any Regiment IfNumfcerenliftr

of Militia, who shall (when so drawn out as aforesaid) voluntarily declare their Intention to enlist, shall not JJ'S

amount to the Proportion authorized to enlist, then and in such Case a Book shall be opened by the Com- fatherjfoL inanding Officer, and it shall be lawful for any other of such Men, not exceeding the Number neceflaryto ailment, complete the Number allowed to enlist under this Act, at any Time within Seven Days after the last Day

of such Two Days on which such Regiment of Militia shall have been drawn out, to enter their Names in such Book as willing to enlist as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist in any one Where N«m1»er

Year under the Provisions of this Act, from any Regiment of Militia, shall not have enlisted into His Majesty's allowed shall not Regular Forces within the said Seven Days as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order Majesty'

of the Secretary of State, signified to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, to appoint, from time to appoint

time, further Periods of Three Days each for enlisting into His Majesty's Regular Forces, until the whole further Periods. Number allowed to enlist shall have declared their Intention of enlisting, and during any such Periods it

shall be lawful for any Man to enlist under this Act from such Regiment in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that Ten Days* Notice shall from time to time be given to such Commanding Officer, and by him to his Regiment, of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting, previous to eacrt such Period, and that there shall be an Interval of Fourteen Days at lead between each such Period of Three Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Number of Private Men to be enlisted from any Regi- As Cotm as ment shall have been ascertained in Manner by this Act directed, at each of such respective Periods as aforesaid, Number en-the Commanding Officer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge all such Private Men so to be M*»fcer-enlisted from the Militia; and every such Private MaH so discharged as aforesaid, shall, if approved by the JhalTbe dif^ Officer appointed for that Purpose, immediately thereupon belong to the Regiment into which he shall have charged, and, if declared or shall declare his Intention to enlist, if he shall have enlisted into any Regiment of His Majesty's approved, u-Regular Forces, specified in His Majesty's Orders, or shall belong, if he shall not have enlisted into any tetted.

such Regiment, as an enlisted Soldier to His Majesty's Regular Forces; and every such Man shall be thereupon immediately attested for such Service in His Majesty's Regular Forces, and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be transferred to some Officer of the Regiment into which he shall have enlisted, or such Officer of His Majesty's Regular Forces as His Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or in his Absence the Vice Lieutenant, or any Three Lord Lieutenant Deputy Lieutenants authorized by His Majesty to act as Lieutenant of any County aforesaid, shall, within to twmfmitto Ten Days after the receiving of any Order for that Purpose, from His Majesty, figuified by His Majesty's

Secretary of State, transmit to His Majesty's Privy Council, an accurate Account in Writing of the Number of Persons that shall have been discharged from the Militia of their respective Counties, and enlisted as aforesaid under this Act, which Account shall, in all Cases where the fame may be necessary, be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of such Militia, to such Lieutenants, Vice Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid for that Purpose.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Private Militia Man shall be entitled to enlist in whit cases under this Act, who shall be in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court Martial, or with a View to Person* in C«i* being tried by any Court Martial, until he shall have suffered the Sentence of such Court Martial, or shallV"!fnent have been acquitted, or until such Sentence shall have been remitted; and that no Private Militia Man shall tIfdtoeni

be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist under this Act, who shall have been sentenced to any Punishment by any Court Martial for any Offence committed within the Space of Three Calendar Months before the time of his so offering to enlist, unless he shall obtain the Consent of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be serving at the time of his being desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the Militia, who shall be usually Certain Persons employed as Adjutant's Clerk or Regimental Clerk, or as a Drummer, or as a Musician in the Band of the to enlist Regiment of Militia to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an Armourer in any such Regiment, or who shall have been trained as an Artilleryman or Matrofs, and as f«ch shall be attached to officer

any Artillery belonging to any Regiment of Militia, not exceeding Twenty Men in each Battalion, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist as aforesaid under this Act, unless he shall obtain the Consent for that Purpose of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be then serving.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful, with the Consent of the Officer Serjeants an* commanding any Regiment of Militia, for any Number of Serjeants and Corporals, not exceeding the Pro- Corporals may portion of One Serjeant and One Corporal for every Twenty Men enlisting from any Regiment of Militia, to

rnlill in like manner and at such Periods, as a Part of the said Quota, into His Majesty's Regular Forces; and if any greater Number of Serjeants and Corporals than such Proportion as aforesaid shall be desirous of enlisting as aforesaid, such Number shall be reduced by Ballot to the Number authorized to enlist.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Commanding

Militia to discharge any Private Militia Man, who shall desire his Discharge for the Purpose of being enlisted OJ?cers rounder this Act, upon assigning in Writing to the General Officer commanding in the District within which charge


feiTons dif-ih^rged refuGng tocnlitl, «rc. to belong to Regiment from'which discharged.

Officers not to enliit, fcc. other than such as shall have been duly discharged.

No Person drafted from Regiment in wh ch enlisted.

Upon Production of Certificate, Men voluntarily entitled, discharged from Lilt of Militia Men for that County. Returns of Men culilted.

43 G. 3. c. 47. 'Allowances to Families.

43 O.3. c. 89.

For Men what

Proportion of Fines remitted*

C. 20. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 18ir.

such Regiment of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majesty, s Forces, where thei* shall not be such General Officer as aforesaid, such Cause for his Refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer or Adjutant General, as the case may be.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person discharged from the Militia, for the Purpose of being enlisted into any Regiment as aforesaid, or into His Majesty's Regular Forces, under this Act, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlilt pursuant to any Declaration of being desirous to enlist so made by him as aforesaid, or shall not be approved of by the Officer appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, then and in every such case, such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment of Militia from which lie shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Officers appointed by His Majesty to enlist and receive Militia Men under this Act, or any Commanding Officer, or other Officer, or Non-commissioned Officer of any Regiment as aforesaid, or other Person, to enlist or persuade to enlist or receive any Militia Men, other than such as shall have been duly discharged br the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia to which the Persons desirous of enlisting. shaft belong; and if any Officer shall enlist or attempt to enlist any Militia Man, such Man shall not be permitted to enter into the Regiment to which the Officer persuading him to enlist may belong.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enlisted to serve in any Regiment so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall serve in the Regiment in which he shall have originally enlisted to serve, and in no other Regiment whatever 5 and no Person enliiling in any such Regiment shall, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be drafted into or serve in any other Regiment without his Content, except in some Garrison or Veteran Battalion, in case it shall be necessary or expedient to transfer such Person into any Garrison or Veteran Battalion on account of his being disabled, or for any other sufficient Cause; and every such Person may be also transferred from one Battalion to another of any Regiment in which he may be serving.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia, of a Certificate under the Hand of any Justice of the Peace of any County in Great Britain, or any Magistrate of any City, Borough, Town or Place therein, of any Private Man belonging to the Militia having voluntarily enlisted, and been attested for His Majesty's Regular Forces as aforesaid ( which Certificate every such Justice or Magistrate respectively is hereby required to give gratis) such Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby required to cause the Person named in such Certificate to be discharged from the Lift of Militia Men serving for such County.*'

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment of Militia shall, after the* Commencement of the enlisting of Men under this Act, and until the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist from his Regiment shall nave enlisted, at the End of every Week after each Period of enlisting in each Year, transmit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings for the County to which the Regiment belongs, or where the Men of more than one County shall be so serving, then to the Clerks of such respective Counties, an accurate Return of all the Private Men serving for their respective Subdivisions who shall have enlisted under this Act, specifying therein the Christian and Surname of each Private Man 1 and in every case of a Private Man, shall state in such Return whether such Man was a ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, and the Parish or Place for which he was serving at the time of such enlisting; and the said Clerks shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Returns, insert in the Lift of Militia Men (erving for their respective Subdivisions, the Words, " Volunteered into the Line* after the Name of each Man so returned to them as aforesaid; and all Allowances payable to the Wives and Families of such Private Men so enlisting shall cease from the Days specified in such Returns to such Men respectively, as the Days upon whiefi they were respectively enlisted for Service in His Majesty's Regular Forces; and the said Clerks shall forthwith transmit to the respective Overseers of the Poor, or Governors or Managers thereof, if in England, and to the respective Clerks of Supply, and also to the Treasurers of the Kirk Session, if in Scotland, au Account of the Men serving for their respective Parishes or Places who shall have enlisted under this Act; and all Allowances payable to the Wives and Families of any such Private Men by virtue of any Acts of Parliament for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland respectively, in respect whereof any Re-imbursement shall be directed by the said Act, shall be re-imbursed according to the Directions of the said Acts, up to the time such enlisting shall have taken place.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating and amending the federal Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into aBual Service, or under an Act passed in the same Year, intituled, An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into aBual Service, or under any other Act for granting Allowances to the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England or Scotland, shall be granted to the Wife or Family of any Man, who after the passing of this Act shall be raised to serve in the Militia either of England or Scotland, as a Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer; but all Allowances to he granted under any of the said Acts, to the Wives or Families of any Men raised after the passing of this Act, for the Militia of England or Scotland, shall be confined to the Wives or Families of ballotted Men only.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Parirti or Place which has incurred any Fine for Men deficient on the First Day of QBober One thousand eight hundred and ten as aforesaid, shall, for every Man who shall be raised for such rarish or Place by Ballot or otherwise after the said First Day of October and before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Three fourth Parts of such Fine; and for every Man who shall be so raised before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred

343

A.D. 1811. .51° GEORGII III. C. 20.

hundred and eleven, shall be entitled to deduct or have a Return , of One Half of such Fine; and for every Man who shall be so raised before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be entitled to dedn& or have in return One Fourth Part of such Fine.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the Men required to be raised for the Militia of any County, under an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain, shall have been raised or enrolled, or at the Expiration of the Periods specified in this Act, during which any Parish is entitled to have a Return of Part of any Fine which such Parish may have incurred for any Deficiency in the Militia, all further Ballot of Men in such County shall be suspended, and shall remain so suspended until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, when it shall appear to His Majesty to be necessary, for the more speedily completing the Number of Men to be raised for the Militia, from time to time under the Provisions of this Act, to order and direct, under an Order of His Majesty in Council, that the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants in any County, or the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Regiments of Regular Militia in Great Britain, and the Commissioned Officers and Non-commissioned Officers of the Regiments of Regular Militia, and the Adjutants, Quarter Mailers, Staff Serjeants to Non-commifiiuned Officers and Drummers of the Local Militia, remaining on permanent Pay and unbodied, and when not assembled for Training and Exercise, duly authorized by their Commanding Officers for the time being, or by other proper Order or Warrant, by Beat of Drum or otherwise, in their respective Counties or the adjoining Counties, to raise Volunteers for the Regiments of Regular Militia of the Counties to which they respectively belong, for the completing the Number of Men required to be raised and-enrolled under the Provisions of this Act, and to direct that the Ballot shall either cease or proceed together with such raising or enrolling of Men by Beat of Drum or otherwise as aforesaid; and every Volunteer so raised as aforesaid shall take the Oath required to be taken by Substitutes in the Militia, which Oath shall and may be administered by any Person respectively authorized to administer Oaths to Persons enrolled in the Militia, or by any Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant for the County in which such Volunteers shall have been raised, or in which the Regiment for which he shall have been raised shall be at the time of his joining such Regiment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Colonels or Commanding Officers for the time being, of the several Regiments of Militia for which any Men shall he so raised as aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of every Month from the Commencement of enlisting such Volunteers as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerks of General Meetings of their respective Counties Certificates, and where the Men of more Counties than one are united to form any Regiment of Militia, then a Certificate to each of such Counties, of the Number of Men raised for their respective Regiments, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.)

XXV. And be it further enacted, That a Sum not exceeding Twelve Guineas shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Man who shall be provided or raised for the Militia as a Volunteer, by Beat of Drum or other-wile, under the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, and such Part of such Sum shall be applied towards the Expences of procuring the Volunteer, and the remaining Part as a Bounty to the Volunteer, and such Bounty shall be paid or applied to the Use of every such Man, at such Times and Places and in such Proportions as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such manner and under and subject to such Regulations and Rc-flri£lions as His Majesty shall by any Order of his Principal Secretary of State, by any Regulations from time to time made in that Behalf, be pleased to order and direct; and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order any Receiver General in England, or Collector of the Ccfs in Scotland, to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such Bounties or any Advances in respect thereof, as may be necessary, out of any publick Monies in their Hands, or received or receivable by them out of any Rates and Duties under, the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Receivers General or Collectors of Cess in their Accounts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That of the Number of Persons to be raised annually for the Militia under this Act, for any County, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that such Proportion as he shall think fit, not exceeding One fourth Part of the whole Number of Persons to be raised within the Year for such County, shall confill of Boys of the Age of Fourteen Years and upwards, and of such Height as His Majesty may direct; who shall be raised by Beat of Drum.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions contained in an Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the infilling any Men for His Majesty's Army, shall, so far as the fame can be made applicable to the Men infilled for the Regular Militia, be applied and used and put in force by all Ju(lices>of the Peace and others, and all Persons authorized to raise Men by Beat of Drum for the Militia, and the preventing Frauds and absconding by Perfoo3 infilled, and for the Protection of Persons having hallily enlilled, as fully and effectually as if all such Provisions were repeated and re-enacted as to the raising of Men by Beat of Drum for the Regular Militia.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions contained in an Act in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in relation to the infilling of Apprentices and the claiming of Apprentices by their Mailers, and the Punishment of any Apprentices, and the Liability to Service after the Expiration of the Indentures, and all other Provisions in any such Act in relation to Apprentices or their Matters, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend to ail Apprentices who shall enfilt or enrol themselves as Substitutes or Volunteers in the Regular Militia,

When Men required by 49 0.3. c. S to be raised are enrolled, &c. further Ballot suspended.

His Majesty may order Men to be raised by beat of Drum for Mditia.

Commanding Officers to transmit Certificates of Men raised to Clerks of General Meetings.

Bounty paid under such Regulations as Hi*' Majesty shall; direct.

His Majesty may direct Boys to be enlisted for Militia.

Mutiny Act, as to enlisting, extended to Men raised by Beat of Drum for Militia.

Mutiny A6h relating to Apprentices, extended to Militia.

346

Militia to lie gradually reduced, 42 G. 5. cc9&

37 G. 3. c. 25.

Proviso for jading Supernumeraries for Militia.

Supernumeraries to form Part of Militia of eaih County, &c.

lieutenancy to direct how Supernumeraries applied.

His Majesty may direct Officers, &c. ferring in Militia at time of Reduction of Privates, to be retained.

Such Officers to succeed to Vacancies.

Regulations reflecting Field Officers.

Militia to be raised annually by Ballot, Ice. equal to Number allowed to enlist, &c.

Bounty Men enrolled.

C. 20. ji* GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

and the Mailers of such Apprentices, as fully and effectually as if the fame were severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, the Militia of Great Britain shall be gradually reduced to the Quotas respectively specified in an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia; and in another Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland; and in another Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty annually to allow and order the raising by Beat of Drum as Supernumeraries for the Militia of each County over and above

the Quotas t6 which the Militia is to be reduced under this Act, a Number of Men equal to the Number allowed to enlist under this Act, into the Regular Forces in each Year in each County.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such Supernumeraries shall belong to and make Part of the Militia of each County, but shall not be applied to supply any other Vacancies which may arise in each County than such as shall occur from the inlisting into the Regular Forces under this Act, and such Number of Supernumeraries shall, when so ordered by His Majesty, be kept up over and above the Number necessary from time to time to supply the Vacancies which may occur in any such Militia from Death, Desertion or Discharge, or Expiration of Service, or Appointment of any Private Man to be Serjeant or Corporal.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of each County shall, from time to time by Ballot or otherwise, as to them shall seem most fair and equitable, direct the Order in which such Supernumeraries shall be applied to supply any Vacancies ariting in any Parishes by the inlisting of any of the Men serving for such Parishes into His Majesty's Regular Forces under this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by His Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers and Corporals actually serving in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, at the time that any Reduction of the Number of the private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall take place by the Discharge of Men, for the Purpose of enlisting into the Regular Forces under this Act, to be retained during the Continuance of the preT sent War, or for so long time during the Continuance thereof as His Majesty shall think fit, as Officers, Non-commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively of such Regiments, Battalions or Corps, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall by such Reduction of the Number of Private Men therein as aforesaid, exceed the Proportion of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, by any Act or Acts now in force; and all such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers and Corporals so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Officers, Non-commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively are by Law entitled unto; any thing in any Law or Ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Officers so retained, who shall exceed the Proportion of Officers respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall, being duly qualified according to any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of England and Scotland in that Behalf, succeed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively, in their respective Ranks, and beginning with the eldest Officer of each Rank respectively.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Establishment of Field Officers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall, previously to such Reduction thereof as aforesaid, have consisted of One Colonel, Two Lieutenant Colonels and Two Majors, and by reason of such Reduction One Colonel and One Lieutenant Colonel only, and Two Majors shall be allowed on the Establishment thereof, and One of such Majors shall at any time after such Reduction have died or resigned, then and in such case it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified as aforesaid, to direct that the Lieutenant Colonel, who, in consequence of such Reduction, would have been retained as a supernurherary Lieutenant Colonel under the Provisions of* this Act, shall remain and continue upon the Establishment of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the full Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, but nevertheless with the Pay, Emoluments, and Advantages of Major; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Period qF the Reduction of the Militia to such Quotas as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, by enlisting into H is Majesty's Regular Forces or otherwise, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct, that a Number of Men shall be raised for the Militia of each County by Ballot or otherwise in each Year equal to the Nur.iber of Men allowed in such Year to enlist in the Regular Forces under this Act from the Militia of each Co unty, whether such Number shall actually hav enlistedor not; and such Men, and all Men required to supply any Vacancies that shall have arisen by Death, Desertion or Discharge, Expiration of Service, or otherwise, shaft (if a Ballot shall have been ordered by His Majesty) be raised and supplied under the Provisions of the several Acts in force for raising the Militia; and all Rules, Regulations and Provisions, Penalties and Means of recovering the fame, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in any Acts relating to the Militias of England and St otland respectively, shall be in force and be applied, as far as the same are applicable, to the Purposes of this A d, as fully as if they were herein severally and separately re-enacted, repeated and contained.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That a Sum of Ten Guineas shall be allowed to every Person ballotted and enrolled under this Act, or if any Person ballotted shall jp rovide a Substitufe, or shall have a Sub-

14 stitute

347

A.D. 18'ii. 5i* GEORGII III.

stitute provided for him, who shall be enrolled, then to the Substitute; and such Bounty shall be paid in such Proportions, and at such Times and Places, and in such Proportions as to finding any Necessaries, and as to any Advance of any Part thereof, as shall be specified in any Regulations made in that Behalf as aforesaid.

XXXVI1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person so ballotted and receiving such Not to entitle t# Sum of Ten Guineas as aforesaid, shall be entitled to have on receive the Allowance of One Half of the Current other Allowance, Price of a Volunteer, or any other Allowance under any Act of Parliament relating to the Militia, by reason of hi# not being possessed of any Estate in Lands, Goods or Money of the clear Value of Five hundred Pounds j any thing in any Act of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of the several Deputy JLieut e-Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Places in England and Scotland respectively, and they are nants to appor-bereby required at some General Meeting which shall be held for that Purpose on or before the First Day of May in li<?n Men every Year, to apportion and distribute the Men raised by Beat of Drum under this Act, in the first olace to 2mbandCMen fill up any Vacancies which may have been occasioned in any Parish, by enlisting into the Line or otherwise, rats^'b^Ballo* and in like manner to apportion and distribute any Excess of Men raised by Beat of Drum over and above th# among Parishca. Number of such Vacancies 5 and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meetings to b$ held for that Purpose, to alter from time to time any such Apportionments, and make any new and further Appointments or Distributions, and place any Men so apportioned or distributed or applied as aforesaid to any other Parishes, in case it shall appear to be necessary, for the making a just Distribution of the Men so raised by Beat of Drum as aforesaid; and all such Apportionments and Distributions shall be made among the several Parishes either by Ballot and entering upon Lists of the Names of the Parishes or otherwise, and in such manner as shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants at any such Meeting most effectually to produce an equal and just Distribution of the Men raised by Beat of Drum among the Parishes; and the Men entered and placed to any Parishea under any such Distribution or Apportionment shall thenceforth be deemed to belong to such Parmet' for the supplying of any Vacancies thereafter, in like manner as if such Men had been provided as Substitute* or Volunteers for such Parishes respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when the Number of Men to be raised in any County for the Where Number Militia by Bdlot in any Year shall be more than sufficient to fill up the Deficiencies then existing in the balloted shall Militia, and to Complete the same to the reduced Quota for such County, established by this Act, the Lieu-tenant# and Deputy Lieutenants before any such Ballot shall take place, shall proceed to apportion the Surplus po^io^eJ among the several Hundreds and Parishes respectively, by Ballot or otherwise, in such Manner as shall appear among Parishoi. to them most fair and equitable, and so as the Burden of raising such additional Men above the Quota may be borne as equally as may be by the several Parishes of the County, according to their respective Population, and the Numbers apportioned to the respective Parishes as aforesaid shall be raised for such Parishes accordingly.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Men ballotted or enrolled for the Local Local Militia Militia of any County to enlist into the Regular Militia of the fame or any adjoining County, under this Men may enlist Ad, when not assembled for Training and Exercise: Provided always, that if any Man ballotted or enrolled j? Regular Mi-for the JLocal Militia of one County shall enlist into the Regular Militia of another County, not being an County adjoining County, he shall be held to be duly enlisted, and continue to serve in such Militia until he shall be reclaimed by the Commanding Officer of the Local Militia to which he belonged previous to such Enlist-ment, and upon being so reclaimed shall not le restored to such Local Militia, but shall be transferred to the Regular Militia of that County to the Local Militia of which he so belonged, and be bound to serve for the full Period therein, as if he had originally enlisted in the Militia of such County.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, oy any Order signified by His Majesty may His Majesty's Secretary of State, at jany time, from time to time during the Execution of this Act or Wue Orders to any Part thereof, to give such Orders and Directions to the Lieutenants, or, in the Vacancy of the Office ^Command"1 or Absence of any Lord Lieutenant to the Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants authorized to act as ing officers for Lieutenant, or to the respective Colonels or Commanding Officers of any Regiment of Militia, as His Ma- executing Act. jesty shall from time to time think expedient and necessary for the Execution of this Act 5 and the several Lieutenants, Vice Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, and Colonels and Commanding Officers aforesaid,

shall proceed forthwith in pursuance of His Majesty's Orders, to do all such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying such Orders into Execution, and for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Direction6, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Extending Ad. Ad contained, relating to Counties and to Regiments respectively, shall extend to all Stewartries, Ridings,

Divisions, Cities and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps and Companies respectively, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction and Clause of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Act may be1-Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. tered» kc*

SCHEDULE

348 C. 10, jr. 5'° GEORGII IIf. A.D. 1811.

SCHEDULE (A.)

LIST of Persons enlisted for 'MILITIA, between Day of

and Day of

NAMES of MEN. When enrolled. When joined. Place of Residence when enlisted.

A

30 G. 3. C. 117

aa G. 3. c.&u

Proviso for iPerlbns who had Served the Crowii in Foreign Courts previous to this Act.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to direct that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Persons and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and controul the Granting and Pay of fr/ch Salaries, Persons and Allowances; so far as respects the Grant of Pensions or Allowances by His Majesty, to Persons who, previously to the passing of the said Act, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts.

[6th May 181 x.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of the present Parliament, intituled, An Act to direct what Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and Paying of such Salaries, Pen-fons nd Allowances: And whereas in and by the Thirteenth Section of the said Act, after reciting that an Act was passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon his Civil Lifl Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by fuPpreJpng or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Ltf; and further reciting, that it was expedient that the said Act should be amended, so far as respects Pensions to Persons who should have served the Crown iu Foreign Courts, after the Expiration of their Services, it was enacted, That no Pension or Allowance should be granted to any Person, for or on account of having served the Crown in Foreign Courts, within less than Ten Years from the Date of his first Appointment in such Service, during which time he shall have served not less than Three Years, and no such Allowance should exceed Two thousand Pounds per Annum, and every such Allowance should abate, if such Person should be appointed to any Civil Office or Employment under the Crown, of equal or greater Amount, and should also be subject to a proportionate Abatement if the Value of any such Office or Employment should be less than the Amount of such Allowance as aforesaid: And whereas by the Fourteenth Section of the said Act, hereby amended, it was provided and further enacted, That before any such Pension or Allowance should be granted, the Person in whose Favour the fame should be granted should not be less than Thirty five Years of Age $ and His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs should transmit to the Treasury a Certificate under his Hand, that such Person has not within such Ten Years declined serving as a Foreign Minister, except for sufficient Cause, in any Rank or Station equal or superior to that in which he had lad served, which Certificate should be recited in the Grant of such Pension or Allowance: And whereas the said Provisions of the said Act, hereby amended, do in Terms extend as well to Persons who, previously to the passing of the said Act, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts, as to those who might serve after the passing of the said Act 2 And whereas such Persons who, previously to the passing of the said Act, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts, may have engaged in such Employment upon the Faith of the Usage with respect to the Grant of Allowances by His Majesty after the Expiration of their Services, which is recited and confirmed in the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provisions of the said Act hereby amended, shall have no Application to Persons who, previously to the passing of the said Act, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts 5 and that nothing in the said amended Act contained shall be construed in any wise to alter or afteft the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Grant of Allowances by His Majesty to Persons who, previously to the passing of the said Act, had served the Crown in Foreign Courts*

ij CAP.

A.D. 1811.

GEORGII III. C. 23., 54

Cap. xxir.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions five hundred thouLnd Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland.

[14th May 181 i.J

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

[14th May 1811.]

WHEREAS the Two Houses of Parliament did, by their Resolutions of the Tenth and Twenty fourtheXX Days of June One thousand eight hundred and six, foverally resolve. That the African Slave Trade

being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity and found Policy, they would, with all practicable

Expedition, take effectual Measures for the Abolition of the fame: And whereas, in conformity with the said Resolutions, and for all and each of the Reasons therein dated, the said Trade was by an Act passed in 47 C-. 3. S«tT.ir 4 the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, declared to be unlawful: And whereas it hath been found c*

that divers Persons, not deterred by the Provisions and Penalties of the said Act, do still continue to deal and trade in Slaves upon the Coast of Africa and elsewhere, and to carry them for Sale by Sea: And whereas the Commons House of Parliament, by its Resolution of the Fifteenth of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, did express its Indignation at such Practices, and did resolve speedily to take into Consideration such Measures as might tend effectually to prevent such daring Violations of the Law: And whereas it is fit that such Measures should be extended also to the effectual Abolition of the Slave Trade wheresoever it may be

attempted to practise it; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That if any Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, or if any Person or Per- Carrying on tta fons residing or being within this United Kingdom, or in any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions, Forts, Slave Trade, or Settlements, Factories or Territories now or hereafter belonging thereto, or being in His Majesty's Occupa- anyeJJJie*"jn tion or Possession, or under the Government of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, declared Felony, shall, from and after the First Day of June next, by him or themselves, or by his or their Factors or Agents, or otherwise howsoever, carry away or remove, or aid or assist in the carrying away or removing, as a Slave or Slaves, or for the Purpose of being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves, any Person or Persons whatsoever, from any Part of Africa, or from any other Country, Territory or Place whatsoever, either immediately, or by Transhipment at Sea or otherwise, directly or indirectly; or shall import 01* bring, or aid or assist in the importing or bringing into any Island, Colony, Country, Territory or Place whatsoever, any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid; or shall knowingly ana wilfully ship, embark, receive, detain or confine on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Purpose of his, her or their being so carried away or removed, imported or brought as aforesaid, or of being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves; or shall knowingly and wilfully use or employ, or permit to be used or employed, or let or take to Freight or on Hire any Ship or Vessel to be used or employed in carrying away or removing, importing or bringing, or for the Purpose of carrying away or removing, importing or bringing as aforesaid, any such Person or Persons, as a Slave or Slaves, or for the Purpose of his, her or their being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves; or shall fit out or cause to be fitted out, or shall take the Charge or Command of, or navigate, or enter and embark on board any such Ship or Vessel, as Maftet* or Captain, Mate, Supercargo or Surgeon, knowing that such Ship or Vessel is actually employed, or is, in the fame Voyage for which he or they shall so enter and embark onboard, intended to be employed in carrying or removing, importing or bringing as aforesaid any such Person or Persons, as or for the Purpose of his, her or their being fold, transferred, used or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves; then and in every such case, the Person or Persons so offending, and their Counsellors, Aiders and Abettors, shall be and are hereby declared to be Felons, and shall be transported beyond Seas for a Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, or shall be con- Punishment^ fined and kept to hard Labour for a Term not exceeding Five Years, nor less than Three Years, at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, Serving on from and after the First Day of May next, enter or navigate, or embark on board any such Ship or Vessel used her.id Ship, or and employed, or meant and intended to be used and employed as aforesaid, as a'Petty Officer, Servant or undei writing Seaman, or Petty Officers, Servants or Seamen, knowing that such is or shall be the Purpose or one of the>ollcy thereon* Purposes of the Voyage, or if any Person or Persons shall underwrite, or procure to be underwritten, any

Policy of Assurance upon any Ship or Vessel, or Goods, or the Freight of any Ship or Vessel employed or

intended to be employed in any such Voyage, knowing that such is or shall be the Purpose or one of the

Purposes of the said Voyage, he or they nevertheless shall not be deemed guilty of a Felony within the

meaning of this Act, but shall be and they are hereby declared to be guilty of a Misdemeanor only, and shall Punishment.

be punished by Imprisonment fora Term not exceeding Two Years. t

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That such Persons shall not !>o deemed to be nor Pnall Accessaries. be punished as Aceeffaries to Felony; any thing in this present Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. ^Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con- Proviso for retained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons to the Pains and Penalties moving Slaves hereby irapofedior exporting, removing or carrying from any present or future British Maud, Colony or Set- rrcilJ Wle British tlement in the West Indies, to any other prefect or future British Island, Colony or Settlement in the West Indices

: - 51 Geo. III. Zz or ano cr* '

}59 C. 23.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181 r.

And for the Transportdtion to foreign Places of Slaves that have been couvided of Crimes.

Proviso for Things done before ceruin Periods.

How Offences to be tried.

*8 H.8.C. 15. 33 H. 8. c. 23.

1* Bt*i % W. 3. c. 7.

or from one Part of such British Island, Colony or Settlement in the West Indies, to any other Part of the fame Island, Colony or Settlement, or for importing or transporting into or landing in any such Island, Colony or Settlement, any Slave or Slaves, which have been or shall be born within such 1 Hands, Colonies or Settlements, or any Slave or Slaves which shall have been or may be lawfully imported or brought into the said Islands, Colonies or Settlements, or for removing or carrying any Slave or Slaves from one Part of any foreign Island, Colony or Settlement, to another Part of the fame foreign Island, Colony or Settlement* or for transhipping and assisting at Sea any Slave or Slaves which shall be in any Ship or Vessel in Distress: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent the Transportation to any foreign Colony or Place, of any Slave or Slaves that shall have been convicted by due course of Law in any present or future British Island or Colony, of any Crime to which the Punishment of Transportation is or shall be annexed by the Law of such Island or Colony, but in every such case a Copy of the Judgment or Sentence certified by the Court before which the Offender was convicted, shall be put on board in the Ship or Vessel in which any such Con- vid shall be transported.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons to the Pains and Penalties hereby imposed for any thing done or to be done in Africa, West of the Cape of Good Hope, or in the West Indies or America to the Eafi of Cape Horn, on or before the First Day of September next; nor for any thing done or to be done in the East Indies, the Island of Madagafcart the Ports and Places of Africa to the Eatt of the Cape of Good Hope, the Islands of Mauritius and Bourbon, and the Islands in the East Indian Seas, on or before the First Day of January next 5 nor for any thing done or to be done in New Holland, the Islands in the South Seas, or the Coast of America to the West ©t Cape Horn, on or before the First Day of May> in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 nor for any thing done or to be done in the High Seas, on board of any Ship or Vessel which hath or shall have failed last from any Port in Great Britain or Ireland on or before the First Day of June next, or from any other Port or Place in Europe, on or before the First Day of July next; or from any Port or Place in Africa West of the Cape of Good Hopey or the West Indies, or America to the East of Cape Horny on or before the First Day of August next; or from any Port or Place in the East Indies Madagafcary the Islands of Mauritius and Bourbon, the Coast of Africa to the East of the Cape of Good Hopey and the Islands in the East Indian Seas, on or before the First Day of January next; or from any Port or Place in New Holland, the Islands in the South Seas, or the Coast of America to the West of Cape Horny on or before the First Day of May in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Offences hereinbefore declared to be Felonies or Misdemeanors, which shall be committed in Africa, or in any Country, Territory or Pbce, other than this United Kingdom, or on the High Seas, or in any Port, Sea, Creek or Place, where the Admiral has Juris* didion, shall and may be enquired of either according to the ordinary Course of Law, and the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for Piratesy or according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act to proceedy by Commission of Oyer and Terminer, against such Persons as shall confess Treason and Felony, without remanding the same to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was committed, so far as the same Act is now unrepealed; or according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act

Former Act s in respect of Forfeitures.

passed£orjhc more effectual Supprefftoa of Piracy.

46 G. 3

47 -3< , .36.

c. 52. SefC 1.

.52.

Sefc I.

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to repeal, annul or alter the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, or an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Importation of Slaves by any of His Majesty's Subjects, into any Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign State or Power, in retped of any Forfeitures of Ship*or Vessels, Cargoes, Goods or Effects, thereby, respectively imposed for any Offence against the said Acts, or either of them, or the Remedies thereby given for the Recovery thereof, or in respect of any pecuniary Penalties thereby imposed 5 but that the said Acts shall, in all other Respects, be deemed and taken to be in full Force, except so far as the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty is altered or extended by the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty.

VIII. And whereas it is in and by the said Acts respectively enacted, that all Ships and Vessels, 4 Slaves or Natives of Africa, carried, conveyed or dealt with as Slaves, and all other Goods and Effects that shall or may become forfeited for any Offence committed against the said Acts respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or by the Commanders or Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War: And whereas Ships and Vessels, Slaves, Goods and Effects,

liable to Seizure and Forfeiture under the said Acts, for Offences committed on the Coast of Africa, may be safely navigated, carried or kept upon or near to the said Coast, or in the Ports, Havens or Rivers thereof, in contempt of the said Acts, by reason of the want of Officers of the Customs or Excise, or of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War stationed on the said Coast, or on such Parts thereof as may be visited by such Offenders* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all Governors or Pfersons having the Chief Command* Civil or Military, of any of the Colonies, Settlements, Forts or Fadories belonging to His Majesty, or to the African Company in Africai vy , lcllllH1, y or any African Island, and for all Persons deputed and authorized by any such Governor or Commander in feixe Vessels and Chief, to seize and prosecute all Ships and Vessels, Slaves or Natives of Africa, carried, conveyed or dealt other For- with as Slaves, and all Goods and Effects whatsoever that shall or may become forfeited for any Offence feitures, committed against the said Acts of Parliament, or either of them, and which shall be found upon, or near to

8*.tha

G*318.

47 G. 3*36. i 14-

Governors and Commanders in Chief, and Persons authomed by them, may

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 23, 24, 25. 351

the said Coast, or in any Port, Haven or River thereof, or within the Limits of any of the said Colonies*

Settlements, Forts or Factories, which Governor or Commander in Chief, and all Persons by them so deputed and authorized, shall, in making and prosecuting any such Seizures, have the Benefit of all the Provisions made by the said Acts of Parliament, or by an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty therein recited, G. 3. c. 15. 'or by any other Act of Parliament for the Protection of Officers seizing ana prosecuting for any Offence against the said last mentioned Act, or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Persons fail-failing or being in the Capacity of a Petty Officer, or Petty Officer's Servant or Servants, Seaman or Seamen, i»g in Vessel* on board of any Ship or Vessel fitted out for or engaged in the unlawfully carrying, removing, trading or 8, v, nS*"f£rma" dealing in Slaves, shall, within Three Months after the Arrival of the said Vessel at any Port belonging to commiried^ot* His Majesty, give Information on Oath, before any competent' Magistrate, against any Owner or Part Owner, iiable to Punish--or any Captain, Mate, Surgeon or Supercargo of such Ship or Vessel, who shall have committed any Offence menc. against this Act, and shall give Evidence on Oath against such Owner or Part Owner, Captain, Mate,

*Surgeon and Supercargo, before any Magistrate or Court before whom such Offender may be tried; or if such Person or Persons so failing as aforesaid, in the Capacity of a Petty Officer or Petty Officers,

Mariner or Mariners, Servant or Servants, shall, within Three Months after his or their Arrival at any Port or Place not within His Majesty's Dominions, give Information to any of His Majesty's Ambassadors,

Ministers Plenipotentiary, Envoys, Charges d'Affaires, Coufuls, Residents or other Agents, so that any Person or Persons owning such Ship or Vessel, or navigating or taking charge of the fame, as Captain, Mate,

Surgeon or Supercargo, may be apprehended, such Person or Persons so giving such Information and Evidence, shall not be liable to any of the Pains or Penalties of this Act, or any Fine or other Punishment under the said Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, or either of them; but 46 G. 3. C. 52. shall be wholly discharged therefrom, and His Majesty's Ambassadors, Ministers Plenipotentiary, Envoys, 47 G-3* Scfl*. 1. Charges d'Affaires, Consuls, Residents or other Agents, are hereby required to receive any such Information as aforesaid, and to transmit the Particulars thereof, without Delay, to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and to transmit Copies of the same to the Commanders of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels then being in the said Port or Place.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, as prevents Masters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards, so far as relates to any Ship or Vessel entered inwards or outwards from or to any Port in Ireland.

[14th May 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Master of any Ship or Vessel arriving from Ireland at the Port of London, or going from thence to Ireland, should not in future be liable to a Penalty on account of such Ship or Vessel being removed out of the Stream before the Cargo thereof i9 discharged inwards,

4 or before any such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared outwards by the proper Officers of the Custoras* Be it -therefore enacted by the King*& Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of His x9 G.3. c-4t« present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain so much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King $ 3*

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation as relates to the Importation into this Kingdom and other His Majesty's Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia or America, which are manufactured in foreign Parts; for preventing Masters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards; and for 0 allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock or Bason at the Port of Kingston upon Hull 5 by which the Master, Purser or other Person taking charge of any Ship or Vessel coming or arriving from foreign Parts within the Limits of the Port of London, or being outward bound from the said Port to foreign Parts, is subject and liable to a Penalty on account of any such Ship or Vessel being removed out of the Stream, except a3 in the said Act is provided; shall be and repefle*. the fame is hereby repealed, so far as the said Act relates to any Ship or Vessel entered inward or outward in the said Port of London from or to any Port in Ireland.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[14th May 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which said Act was to continue for Five Years, from the Seventeenth Day , of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

Z 2 2*of

33 G.j-c. J*

35*

continued till.July 2s, iHi3.

4? G. 3. c 98.

43 G* 3* c-^8.

50 G. 3. c. 1. 31 G. 3. c. 2.

Flow Duties imposed by 49 G. 3. C. 98. payable.

r-

Indemnity*

Cap. 8. ante. $ 57'

Allowance by Non* commit

G, 2j — 28.; 5'V' GEORGII IIt A.D. 181r.

4 of Parliament, and was further continued by Five Acts of the Thirty ninth*Forty fourth, Forty sixth, Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And whereas it is expedient that the said Ao. should be continued for a further Term: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty fifth Day of July One thousand ei ght hundred and thirteen.

c a r. xxvi.

An Act for raising the Sum of Four millions nine hundred eighty one thousand three hundred Pounds by way of Annuities.[21st May 1811.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to explain arid amend Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of His present Majesty, for continuing certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, and other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts.

[2ill May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customt chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof the several Duties on Sugar granted by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and other Acts, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas by Two several Acts passed in the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty* for [continuing, amongst other things, certain Duties on Sugar, Reference by Mistake was only had to the said recited Act passed in the said Forty third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and in order to rectify the fame, and to obviate any Doubt which may arise whether the Duties granted by the said Act so passed in the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, have been or are now payable under the said Acts of the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years-of the Reign of His said present Majesty : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties imposed by the said recited Act so passed in the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and in the Schedule and Tables thereto annexed, shall be payable and paid, and applied and appropriated in such and the like Manner as if the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hi* said Majesty, had been referred to in the said Acts of the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, and the several Regulations, Authorities and Powers therein, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in respect thereof, or in relation thereto, shall be deemed and taken to apply, and shall be put in force in respect of the said recited Acts so passed in the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and the Penalties and Forfeitures attached thereto, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame bad been re-enacted in those Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who at or before the passing of this Act shall have collcded or received the Duty or Duties of Customs granted upon Sugar by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall be and he and they io and art hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Actions, Suits, Informations or other Proceedings at Law on account thereof, and from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities or Disabilities incurred for or by reason of the demanding, taking or receiving any such Duties.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. £2 iff May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Defer*

4 W tion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are established in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers are quartered and billetted, who shall be fumished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters; and an Option is given to such Innholders and others, to furnish certain Articles gratisf 1a*lieu of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Rules prescribed for furniftring Soldiers with Necessaries are, in may Instances, become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and 4- are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted*; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Ngn-comuiiffioaed Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet

2nd*

-i.

A.D. 181 r.

51° GEORGII III.

C. 2&.

353

and Small Beer within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, by the Innholders or other Persons on fioned officers, whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said &c for Diet, .vc. Ad, shall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of Eight Pence per Diem; and that for such Allowance of Queersm Eight Pence, the Innholder or other Person shall furnish one Meal; videlicet) a hot Dinner if required in eachn*ai1

Day, to each Non-conuni(honed .Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted On him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said Act now in force touching the former Rates of Seven Pence per Diem for the Cavalry, and Five Pence fer Diem for the Infantry.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders or other Persons on whom any Non-commissioned and for Articles Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue which havebern of the said Option in the said Act, fumiflv such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles fur»i(li«d gr..ti* therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed by this Act, such Inn- iu lieu thwreut; holders or other Persons on whom such Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom

the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof. One Halfpenny per Diem

for each Non commissioned Officer and Soldier, instead of furnishing the fame gratis, as required by the said Act; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the for Hay and aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall Str*vv*

be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be One Shilling and Two Pence per Diem

for each Horse, instead of Six Pence per Diem as directed in the said Act.

IV. And whereas the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Manner of dieting Cap. 8. ante.

within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March or

employed in Recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, have been productive of much Inconve*

nience, as well to the Troops, as the Innholders; Be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Manner of furnishing Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers on a March, or employed

in Recruiting, and likewise the Recruits by them raised, with Diet or other Provision, be. and the fame is in part repcakA. hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on'whom they may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed while on the March, as also on and for the Day of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destination, and on the Two subsequent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it shall be lawful for the Innholder, or other Person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified; and at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

VI. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable by the said recited Act to have Soldiers Paying Money billetted or quartered on him or her, shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non commissioned Officer to Non-com-or Soldier cn the March, in lieu of furnishing in kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non-commis-

fioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Act, every such Victualler or other Person may be pro- in jj^Jf Diet, ceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or she had refused to furnish or allow according to the Directions &c. of the said recited Act, the several things respectively directed to be furniftied to Non-commissioned Officers Penalty, or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, Halting, smitM when on the March, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at any intermediate Place, the to Diet, &c. Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small

Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Destination, according to this Act.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or Dc- Halting after tachment, when on their March shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders, that it is not Arrival on* intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, shall halt for any longer time than One intire Market Da5[ Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such

Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non-com-xniffioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted, to discontinue on such Market Day, the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers; but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small'Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid, upon such Market Day as aforesaid at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in recruiting, Regulation* re* and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Am-

xnl at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops

i* upon March-

Dieting Non-commissionetiv Officers, ^. c. o*v March.

354

Continuance.

Act altered, See.

45 G. 3.C. 128.

49 O 3- c. 98.

continued till Aug. i, 1813.

50 G. 3. c.xic.

ontinued till Aug. i, 1813.

46 G. 3. c. 124. 48 G. 3. c. 64.

So much of recited Acts as coufines enl; sting to certain Periods repealed.

C. 28; 29, 30. £i° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

upon the March; but no Recruit ehlifted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival of the Party at their Recruiting Station, shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rate hereinbefore preferred, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight nun* dred and twelve 5 and that all Payments which have been made, and all Acts, Matters and Things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had passed before the ftiid Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act m^y be altered and varied by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coala, Culm and Cinders to London and Wcjimin/lcr, by Inland Navigation.

[21st May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing under certain ReJlriSions until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred andfix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Calm or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation, certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders, brought along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to London than the Stone or Poll thereby required to be erected and maintained on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junction Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Park, and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Possession and Occupation of the Earl of Clarendon: And whereas the Amount of the said Duties was altered by Three Acts of the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and

Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said first recited Act was continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and elevens And whereas by Schedule (A.) annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof other Duties are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, under

the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions of the said first recited Act (/?): And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and Re-flriftions, under which the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, may be brought within One Year by the said Grand Junction and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the said Stone or Post; and the last recited Act regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon, and the Appropriation thereof, shall be, and the fiime are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, (a) [49 G. 3. c. 98. Sch.A. tit. Coastwise.]

II. And whereas an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act to allow until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coalty

Culm and Cinders, to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation; and it is expedient that the Act

should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend the several Acts for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.

[25th May 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia o/T reland, under certain 4 ReJlriSions; which said recited Act was amended by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reigns And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the more effectually carrying the said Acts into Execution from time to time 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of the said recited Acts as confines the time within which it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct Regiments of the Line, or of the Royal Marines, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland

355

A.D. 1811. ji* GEORGII III. C. 30.

land, to the Period of Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty fourth Day of July in every Year; and also so much and such Parts of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as confines the time of enlisting under the said recited Acts to certain Periods between the Twenty fourth Day of slugujl in each Year and the Twenty fourth Day of February in the Year following, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That at any time after the passing of this Act, and before the first Day His Majesty may of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and also at any time whatever, within Twelve dJ.re

Calendar Months after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or in any sub-

sequent Year, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signihed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other teers from Mi-

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, from time litiu of Ireland.

to time to order and direct any such Regiments of the Line as His Majesty shall name and appoint, to-

receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland for General Service, out of any Regiment, Battalion

or Corps of the said Militia, named in any such Order; and that it shall be lawful for any Private Militia

Man in the said Militia to enlist for General Service, under and subject to the Regulations in the said recited Acts contained, into any such Regiment of the Line of His Majesty' Regular Forces as His Majesty shall, by such Order as aforesaid, from time to time name and appoint to receive Volunteers from the

Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which any such Militia Man shall at the time of such enlisting

belong.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever at any time after the passing of this Act, the Commanding Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of Ireland\ shall have received His Majesty's Officers flu I ap# Directions with respect to such volunteering as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall cause his Regiment PJ'rt Periods of to be drawn out, and shall explain to the Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Form of*

enlisting, in such manner as by the said recited Acts or either of them is ordered and directed, it shall be qUi*cniifted. lawful for the said Commanding Officer, and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required within One

Calendar Month after receiving such Directions, to appoint a Period of Three successive Days, during which such Enlistment shall take place; and in case the whole Number of Men allowed to enlist from such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in any one Year, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Acts, shall not voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting within such Space of Three Days, then it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer, and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required, within One Calendar Month after the last of such Three Days, to appoint a further Period of Three Days for such enlisting, and so in like manner within One Calendar Month after the last Day of every such Period of Three Days, to appoint from time to time further Periods of Three Days each, if necessary, during which such Enlistment shall take place under the said recited Acts, until the whole Number allowed to enlist shall have declared their Intention of enlisting; and during any such Periods, it shall be lawful for any Private Man to enlist from such Regiment, and it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer, and he is hereby required to discharge all Men so cnliiled accordingly, in manner and under the Regulations of the (hid recited Acts and this Act contained Provided always, that Ten Days Notice shall from time to time be given by the Commanding Officer, to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the several Days or Periods so to be appointed for enlisting, previous to each such Periods, and that there shall be an Interval of Fourteen Days at lead between each such JPeriod. of Three Days.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize auy Coloner Proportion^L or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia to discharge or cause to be lowed to enlirt. discharged, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, any greater Number of Private

Militia Men of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps under his Command, than in the Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, before the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve; nor at any time after the said First Day of February One thousai.d eight hundred and twelve, to discharge any greater Number than in the Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in any One Year, reckoning from the said* First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the full Number allowed If Number alto enlist from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps in any one Year, shall not have eulifted, or shall not enlist , ov^ed do into the Regular Forces under the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty at any ?" peceedin'* time before the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and so at any time Year allows! within Twelve Calendar Months after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in

any Year, by any Order signified as aforesaid, to allow of the enlisting out of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia, into the Regular Forces, of such greater Number of Private Militia Men in addition to such Proportion as aforesaid, as shall, together with the Number who shall have already enlisted in the Year immediately preceding, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, be equal to the whole Number allowed to enlist in any such Year, according to the said Proportion, of Fifteen Men for every Company in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

VI. And, for the Supplying of Vacancies and Deficiencies in the several Regiment* of Militia, the Estab- When Lord lishments of which have been, or may be augmented under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Lieutenant ffi 'U Ireland, be it enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of o 1 !Tm{ce* s

Ireland, shall issue his Orders under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to all or any of the several Colonels f"/Augmented or Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, which have been or Militia, he shall shall be augmented as aforesaid, to enrol Volunteers for the completing or supplying of any Vacancies in any dir*fl Treasury such Augmented Regiment or Battalion, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor ^advance r Governors of Ireland for the time being, to issue his Order or Orders to the Lords Coamissioners of the

Treasury ucv

356

A9 G.3. c. 120.

44 O. 3. c. 33.

48 G. 3. c. 67. Atrther continued.

Drawback of One Half of Duty only.

Matters of Vessels before entering Cumberland or Batlnirlt Basins having KxcileaMe Goods on board, shall provide Burs, &c. to lock down ^Hatches, and Hitt Officers in loc king them, See.

Hours of unloading.

C. 30, 31, 32. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 181 r.

Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance from time to time any such Sum or Sums of Moneyas may be directed by such Order or Orders, and to pay to the several Colonels or Commanding Officers for every Private Man who may be from time to time enrolled, any Sum of Money not exceeding such Sum as shall be at such time fixed and declared as the Average Price of a Substitute in the Militia, in manner required by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Ilcign, intituled, an Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the federal Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland; and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Colonels or Commanding Officers to give such Bounty accordingly to Volunteers enrolling themselves in such augmented Regiments or Battalions; any thing in an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for empowering His Majesty to direS the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland to an Extent therein limited, or in any other Act. or Acts to the Contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to continue, during the present War and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain.

[25th May 1811.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial; and

it is expedient that the fame should be continued and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued during the Continuance of the present War, and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Drawbacks allowed by the said Act on the Exportation of any such Copper on which the Lid Duty shall have been paid, do cease and determine, and that in lieu thereof there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of One Half of the Duties which shall have been paid under the said recited Act or this Act.

[The above Duty> with all other Cttjlom Duties, appears to be repealed by 49 G. 3. c. 98. § lut appears to be regranted by §2. and fee Schedule (A) Inwards, tit. Copper.J

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the better securing Exciseable Goods on board Vessels in the Port of Bristol.

[25th May 1811.]

WHEREAS the Provisions herein after mentioned will greatly tend both to the Security of the Mer-

chant's Property, and to that of His Majesty's Revenues, on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into the Port of Bristol; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel importing or having in or on board the fame, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, for or in respect whereof any Duty or Duties of Excise is, are, or shall be imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, at the Entrance of either of the Two Basins called Cumberland Basin or BathutjPs Basin respectively, of and belonging to the Floating Harbour at Brifol, the Mailer or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall on such Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, and before his Entrauce into either of1 the said Basins, have in Readiness, and fix, place and apply, in such manner as the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall direct or require, such (it, proper and convenient Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples and all other Fastenings other than Locks, which shall be necessary or useful for the locking down, fattening or securing of all and every the Hatches, Scuttles and other Approaches (if any) leading to or connected with the Hold or other Part of such Ship or Vessel where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in or on board such Ship or Vessel, shall be (lowed or dcpolited; and such Matter of Commander shall also on such Arrival, and before the Entrance of such Ship or Vessel into either of the said Basins, to the utmost of his Power, and with a sufficient Number of the Crew of or Persons employed in or on board such Ship or Vessel, afliil such Officer or Officers of Excise in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples and other Fastenings respectively, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, with One or more Lock or Locks to be provided by such Officer or Officers, for the bed and most effectual fattening and securing all and every such Hatches, Scuttles and other Approaches respectively; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise (nail, and he and they is and are hereby required immediately to lock such Bars, Bolts and Fastenings respectively, in such manner as to lock, fallen and 'secure all such Hatches, Scuttles and other Approaches; and the fame respectively shall remain and continue so locked, fastened and secured at all times, fttve and except at such times as the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel shall be unloading or discharging, and that only between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening, from the Thirtieth D.iy of April till the First Day of Odolert and between the Hours of Seven Hi the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, from the Thirtieth Day of September Xo the First Day of May,

in

A.D. 181t. $i* GEORGII III. C. 34, 33* 357

Wi every Year; and if the Matter or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to have in readiness, or to fix, place or apply in such manner as the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall direct or require, such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Fastenings, or any or either of them (other than Locks) or shall neglect or refuse so to assist any such Officer or Officers of Excise in the locking of any such Bars*

Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Fastenings, or any or either of them, with any Lock or Locks provided by such Officer or Officers, or in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the bed and most effectual fattening or securing such Hatches, Scuttels or other Approaches, or any or either of them, the Matter or Commander so offending, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Penalty. Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Commander of every Ship or Vessel in or on board Matters of Vef-which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be laden or shipped within the Port of Bristol for Export- ids on board ation, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance of any Duty or Duties of Excise granted or allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, shall, before the lading or shipping ^Pjjf ^a^.U>U

of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, have in readiness, and when and so soon as thereunto required by back, to provide

the Officer or Officers of Excise attending the shipping of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or by Fattening* for the Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall after such shipping come into or on board the said Ship or Vessel, Hatch* and

to fee, examine or inspect any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Package or Packages containing <*»(* Officer*

the fame, shall fix, place and apply such fit, proper and convenient Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples and all other

Fastenings (other than Locks) which shall be necessary or useful for the locking down, .fattening or securing

of all and every the Hatches, Scuttels and other Approaches (if any) leading to or connected with the Hold

or other Part of such Ship or Vessel, where any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be ttored or depo*

sited; and such Matter or Commander shall also forthwith, to the utraoft of his Power, and with a sufficient

Number of the Crew of, or Persona employed in or on board such Ship or Vessel, assist such Officer or Officers

in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples and other Fastenings respectively, with One or more Lock or Locks to be provided by such Officer or Officers, and in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the bed and moil effectual fattening and securing all and every such Hatches, Scuttels and other

Approaches respectively; and such Officer or Officers of Excise shall, and he and they is and are hereby

required immediately to lock such Bolts, Bars and Fastenings, in such manner as to lock, fatten and secure

all such Hatches, Scuttels and other Approaches respectively; and the fame respectively shall remain and Hours of loading

continue so locked, fattened and secured at all times whilst the said Ship or Vessel shall be or remain within unloading.

the said Port, save and except at such time as the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel shall be lading or taking on

board, or unloading or discharging respectively, and that only between the Hours of Six in the Morning

and Six in the Evening, from the Thirtieth Day of April till the First Day of October, and between the Hours

of Seven in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon from the Thirtieth Day of September to the First Day of

May in every Year: And if the Matter or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to

have in readiness, or to fix, place or apply* in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall direct or require,

such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples or other Fastenings, or any or either of them (other than Locks), or shall neglect or refuse so to assist any such Officer or Officers in the locking of such Bars, Bolts, Hafps, Staples

or other Fastenings, or any or either of them, with any Lock or Locks provided by such Officer or Officers,

or in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall think fit, for the bett and moil effectual fattening or securing such Hatches, Scuttles or other Approaches, or any or either of them, the Matter or Commander To offending

or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty)

Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers Obstruaing of Excise, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed in the locking of any such Bars, Bolts, Hafp9, Q*,* Staples or other Fastenings respectively, or any or either of them, for the fasteningor securing any such Hatches,

Scuttels or other Approaches, or any or either of them as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, damage or injure any such Lock, Bar, Bolt, Hafp, Staple or other Fattening, or shall by any Act,

Device or Contrivance, open, take off or remove any such Lock, Bar, Bolt, Hafp, Staple or other Fattening, or shall open or make any Entrance or Access to the Hold, or any other Part or Place where any such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, shall be (lowed or deposited in or on board any such Ship or Vessel; then and in Penalty. every such case the Person or Persons so offending shall severally, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for repealing so much of Two Acts of the Fourteenth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty as relates to weaving Blue Stripes in British Calicoes.

[25th May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of HU prefeot Majesty King i4G, 3.t.7W

George the Third, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Duty on printed) painted) famed or dyed9Stuf, 9 wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof

9 under certain Regulations / it was enacted, that in each Piece of the said new manufactured Stuff* in the said $ 3-

9 Aft mentioned, wholly made of Cotton Wool spun in Great Britain) there should be wove in the Warp in9both Selvage* through the whole Length thereof, Three Blue Stripe*, each Stripe of one Thread only, in9manner in the said Act particularly mentioned x And whereas it ii also by the said recited Act, among other 14*

things, enacted, that if any Perton or Person*, Body or Bodies Corporate, (hotdd expose or tirade to be 1 exposed to Sale, or have in his, her or therr Custody or Possession in Great Britain) any Stuffs wholly made of 1 Cotton, and printed, painted. Rained or dyed (Muflina, Fustians and Neckcloths extepted), wherein shall

51G10.IIL 3 A P9not

358

S*

*5 G. 3. c.; o.

§19.

repealed

38 O. 3.0.57.

Premiums to certain Ships employed in Fishery.

35 G. 3. c. 9».

Premiums and Conditions for fight hU'ps.

Premiums and

Conditions for Four other Ships.

O.33, 34. 5I- GEORGII III. A.D. 181r.

not be woven in the Warp in both Selvages, only through the whole Length of each Piece, Three Bkie

Stripes (unless for Exportation), then such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate so offending should not only forfeit ail and every such last mentioned Stuffs so exposed or caused to be exposed to Sale,

4 or which should be in his, her or their Custody or Possession, but Hiould also forfeit for every Piece thereof the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And whereas by the said Act it is also enacted, that if any Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Corporate, should import or bring into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek thereof any Calicoes or Muslins, or any other Goods or Stuffs whatsoever made of Linen Yarn only,

4 or of Linen Yarn and Cotton Wool mixed, or made wholly of Cotton Wool, wherein should be wove in the Warp, in either or both Selvages only, through the Whole or any Part of the Length of each Piece, One or more Blue Stripe or Stripes of One or more Thread or Threads, such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, should not only forfeit and lose all and every such Calicoes, Muslins, Goods or Stuffs which should be so imported or brought, but should also forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Piece thereof: And whereas by another Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Linens, to be printed, painted, Jlained or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and on Cotton Stuffs,

Muslins, Fujliansy Velvets and Velverets wove in Great Britain, /© be printed, Jlained, painted or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton, Stuffs, Muslins, Fishans, Velvets and Velverets, painted, Jlained, printed or dyed in foreign Parts; it was enacted, that all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, commonly called or known by the Name of Calicoes, that had not Three Blue Threads in each Selvage, as directed by the said Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign aforesaid, should be deemed to be Foreign Calicoes, and on their being printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, should be stamped, marked or sealed at both Ends of each Piece or Remnant with a Stamp, Mark or Seal, containing the following Words, videlicet, 14 Foreign Calicoes for Exportation and every Draper, Trader, or Dealer for Sale, having in his, her or their Custody or PofleRion such Foreign Calicoes, printed, stained, painted or dyed, (except dyed throughout of one Colour only) and not being stamped or sealed at both Ends, as directed by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, (except as therein excepted) or having in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Piece of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Mannfadlory, (Muslins,

Neckcloths and Fustians excepted) not having the Three Blue Threads in the Selvages, as required by the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, should not only forfeit and lose the said Goods or the Value thereof, but should likewise forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for every Piece of such Goods found in his Custody or Possession as aforesaid: And whereas it is impossible to fix the Colour of any such Blue Stripes or Threads so permanently that by the Process of bleaching now in use such Colour will not be in Danger of being discharged, and from the present improved State of Manufacture in this Kingdom there is no longer any Danger of Foreign Calicoes being imported and imposed on the Officers of Excise as or for such new manufacturecd Stuffs, so as to escape the Charge of the High DutyofExcise by Law imposed for or in respect of Foreign Calicoes, printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said recited Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be and the fame respectively are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for continuing die Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery*

[25th May 1811.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on by His Majesty's European Subjects in 4 W the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, for the Purpose of taking Whales and other Creatures being in those Seas, by continuing certain Premiums granted in an Act paflea in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Premiums herein after mentioned, shall be paid and allowed to Sixteen Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Limitations, Restrictions and Re-

fulations contained in the said Act, and also in an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and mentioned in the said Act, and under the Limitations, Restrictions and Regulations, expressed in this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for Eight of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December in each of the two succeeding Years, and shall fail to the Southward of the Equator, and there carry on the Fishery, and shall return before the First Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Three hundred Pounds to each of the Eight such Ships which shall so fail and first arrive, within the times hereinbefore mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Twenty Tons, in each of such Ships or Vessels, and being the Produce of One or more Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That for Four other such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted or cleared out, and shall fail within the time hereinbefore mentioned, and proceed to the Southward of Thirty fix De-

jq* greet

A.D. 181 r.

5.1* GEORGII III.

C. 34.35- 359

gTecs of South Latitude, and shall there bona fde carry on the said Fishery, and shall not return until after the Expiration of Fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, to some P' % vt in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the time hereinbefore last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for Ten other Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve and between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December in each of the Two succeeding Years, and shall double Cape Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Westward of Cape Horn in those Seas, or shall double The Cape of Good Hope, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Eastward of One hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain till after the Expiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed Six Hundred Pounds to any One of such Ships or Vessels which shall lo fail and arrive within the times herein last mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either Outward or Homeward; and there shall be paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of such Ships and Vessels last before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either Outward or Homeward.

4 V. And whereas it is expedient to encourage the said Fisheries by extending the Limits prescribed for the fame in an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in and for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale

Fishery Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitting and clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and failing to the Eastward of The Cape of Good Hope for the Purpose aforesaid, and having passed beyond One hundred and fifteen Degrees of East Longitude from London, to fail or pass to the Northward as far as Ten Degrees of Northern Latitude, but no further to the Northward until such Ship or Vessel shall have failed or passed to the Eastward of One hundred and eighty Degrees of East Longitude from London; any thing in the said Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any Apprentice belonging to any Ship or Vessel fitted out on the said Fishery, who shall not have completed Two Voyages, and whole Age shall not exceed Twenty one Years, shall not be impressed from the said Service; and Special Protections shall be issued by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to protect such Apprentices from being impressed into His Majesty's Service.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Ships which shall clear out for the Southern Whale Fishery, and shall return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil, the Produce of the said Fishery, within the Period limited by this Act, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Advantages arising from Bounties, Remission of Duties, or otherwise, granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty fifth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, in the like manner and to the fame Extent as if such Ships had returned to any Port in Great Britain*

VIII. And whereas it may have happened that in some Iiiflances the Provisions in an Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Souther ri Whale f Fisheries, requiring that such of the Foreigners as have formed or may form a Part of the Crews of Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery may not have taken the Oath of Allegiance, and made the Declaration thereby required; Be it therefore enacted, That no Ship or Vessel that has already failed on the said Fishery, the Matter of which has taken the Oath or made the Declaration required by the said Act, shall lose the Benefit of such Voyage by reason that all or any of the other Persons employed in navigating the said Ship or Vessel shall not have taken the said Oath or made the said Declaration.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to secure to the Bank of Ireland the Repayment of all Monies advanced by them for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

[25 th May 1811.]

WHEREAS His Griice the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, at the Recommendation of His Majesty's

PriVy Council for Ireland, did, in the Month of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, nomrnate John Patrick, Alexander Jajfray, Randall Mac Donnell, Francis Beggs, Richard Litton, John Lindsay, t John Carleton, Richard Darling, John Orr, jfofeph Hone and William Alexander Shaw, Esquires, to receive Applications from and look into the Securities of such Persons in Trade, possessed of Funds ultimately more than sufficient to answer all Demands on them $ who had not the means of converting such Funds into Money9or negociable Securities in sufficient titne to answer their Engagements, and were thereby incapacitated to cany on their Trade 5 and the Governor and Company of the Bark of Ireland agreed to advance to the said f Persons, so nominated, such Sums, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, as might enable them to give Relief to mch Persons in Trade as aforesaid, and accordingly ad-

3 A 1 4 vanced

Premiums afld

Conditions for Ten other Ships.

4* G. j. c.ll

*4.

Limits of Fiflw cries extended*

Certain Appren* tices protected.

Benefits extended to Ships returning to*Ports in Ireland.

Proviso for Vessels, the Matter of which shall have taken the Oath, Sec* required by

35 0-3>c-9»*

6o C. 35.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

ConmHGonen.

Act of.Commftooeit before peffing Act valid.

CommifRqner* to be lWorn.

Calk

Cdinmifficnen may appoint Officer*.

Commissionert to examine upon Cath.

vanced to thorn feverat Sum?; and the said Persons so nominated, or the Majority of them, did, out of the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, lend various Sums to various persons circumstanced as above described, who secured the Repayment thereof by Bonds or Obligations with Sureties, payable to the Go-1 vernor and Company of the Bank of Ireland by certain Instalments, with Interest at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, with Warrants of Attorney to confess Judgment thereon, or by Bills of Exchange

or Promissory Notes drawn on that Occasion, and for that Purpose, whereof the Persons to whom the said

Sums were so lent were Drawers, Acceptors or Indorsers respectively; and some of the said Persons depo-

ftted Goods, Wares and Merchandizes with the said Persons so nominated, which by Instruments in Writing g executed by the Persons to whom such Monies were lent, are to be sold for Payment and Satisfaction of the

Monies lent, with the Interest thereof as aforesaid, in case Default shall be made in the Payment thereof at the times therein mentioned, and for all Costs and Charges attending such Sale; and other specinl Contracts and Agreements in Writing have been made, in respect of some Parts of such Goods, by the Parties who de-

posited the fame with the said Persons so nominated, or with their Secretary: And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembied, having taken the said Proceedings into Confederation, have resolved, that whatever Sum or Sums have been or may be advanced by f the Bank of Ireland to the Persons herein after named, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, shall be made good by that House, together with Interest, from the Date at which such Sums have been or may

be advanced respectively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembied, and by the Authority of the same, That the said John Patrick, Alexander Jajfray, Randall Mac Donnel, Francis Beggs, Richard Littony John Lindsay, John Carletony Richard Darlingy John Orry Joseph Hone and William Alexander Sha*Wy Esquires, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying the Provisions of this ACT into Execution and EfFect; and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to execute the Powers and Authorities* given to them by this Act without any Fee, Reward, Emolument or Gratuity whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Acts done by the said Persons so nominated as aforesaid, and hereby appointed to be Commissioners as aforesaid, or by the Majority of them, in Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, in manner and for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, at any time before the passing of this Act; and all Bonds or Obligations, Contracts, Agreements, Warrants of Attorney, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities, taken by the said Persons for such Sums as have been advanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, under the Orders of the said Persons, for the Purposes and in manner aforesaid, or for the Purpose of securing, declaring or confirming any Contract or Agreement made with the said Persons, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the Appointment of any Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers or Officers, heretofore made by the said Persons, and all Acts and Matters done by such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers or Officers in the Service of the said Persons, in the necessary Execution of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Two of the said Commissioners in this Act named, shall forthwith after the passing of this Act, and in pursuance or performance of the fame, take an Oath before the Chancellor, or One of the Barons of the Exchequer of Ireland, which they or any of them are and is hereby authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as follows; that is to say,

4 lA.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my Judgment, I will faithfully and impartially execute

the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's . Reign, intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this Act-\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.* And every other of the said Commissioners in this Act named shall likewise take the fame Oath before the said Two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall have Power to meet and fit from time to time, in such Place and Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment, to proceed in the Execution of this Act; and they, or the Majority of them, shall and may appoint and employ a Secretary and a Solicitor, and so many Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and Officers, as they shall find necessary; and mail and may, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, pay to such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and Officers, and also to all such Persons as they may have heretofore employed in any of the said Offices, such reasonable Compensations or Rewards as the said Commissioners shall think meet and shall and may give and administer to such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers and Officers respectively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissioners, and in all other things touching the Premises; and from time to time, at their Discretion, dismiss and discharge such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers, Messengers and other Officers, and appoint others in their Place; and such Secretary, Solicitor, Clerks, Brokers and Officers, are Jicreby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Reward or Gratuity whatsoever for such Service, other than such Salaries or Reward a* the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint in manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath, or on Affir. mation, if the Person to be examined be a Quaker, which Oath or Affirmation they or any One or more of them

vw

A.D. 1811. 5i GEORGII III. C. 35* 36*

are and is hereby authorized to administer, to all Persons who shall be willing to be examined, touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act j. and also to receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or Things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any Justice of the Peace of any County, or any Magistrate of any City, Borough or Town Corporate in Ireland, where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Deposition shall reside, and certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Magistrate, which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice or Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; provided that in every such Affidavit or Deposition there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

VI. Provided always, That all such Oaths to be taken by any Person resident in the Cities of Cork, Water- Oaths taken in ford, Limerick and Londonderry, or in the Towns of Galway, Belfast, Drogheda and Wexford, shall be taken funicular Cities before and certified by some Magistrate, named and approved for the Purpose by the said Commissioners or 10 b*>«('ore» the Majority of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affir- niiflionerfc mation before the said Commissioners respectively, or if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully or corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in such Affidavit or Deposition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm or alledge any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and

are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in.being, Persons Perjury, convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds or Obligations, and all Bills of Exchange and Promissory proceedings eir Notes, and Contracts whatsoever, taken or made either in the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bonds, See. to be Bank of Ireland, or in the Name of the Secretary of the Person so nominated, and hereby appointed to be 10°* Commissioners, shall have the fame Force, Authority and Effed in every respect, as Obligations made to our Sovereign Lord the King; and such Process as is herein after directed to be issued, and all Proceedings

thereon, shall be in the Name of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in like manner as on any Obligation made to His Majesty.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceedings shall be directed by the said No Scir* Faria# Commissioners against any Obligors or Obligor named in any such Bond or Obligation, or against any Drawer, Obligors*

Acceptor or Indorser of any such Bill of Exchange, or Promissory Note, or Party to any such Contract in Writing as aforesaid, no Writ or Writs of $ci?e Facias shall be required to be issued; but that upon the Production of a Certificate or Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, stating the Amount of the Money due from such Obligors or Obligor, Drawer, Acceptor or Indorser respectively, before any of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer; and in case such intended Proceedings shall be against AgainftSureties^ any Sureties or Surety, or any Person or Persons so liable other than the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use the Money was actually lent or advanced, then upon Proof of Notice having been served upon such Party or Parties, or left at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, Ten Days at least before such Application shall be made to such Baron, an Extent, in the Name of His Majesty, shall and may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeeding than such Certificate or Warrant as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums so advanced, with the Interest Obligation* can-as aforesaid, at the times and in the manner specified in the Bond or Obligation, Bill of Exchange, Promissory after Note or other Security taken for the fame, every such Obligation, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or pa7m.enj other Security, being fully satisfied according to the true Intent or Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith

delivered up to be cancelled 5 and in case any such Obligation, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Security, shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them shall, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said Court of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction on such Obligation, Bill of Exchange,

Promissory Note or other Security so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the Case may require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation, Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, which Where Same Las been or may be taken as aforesaid, and whereby any Person or Persons shall have engaged for the Re- have been pti<f payment of any Sum of Money, other than the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use such Sum has obBeiT^lhilfr been or may be advanced, after Payment or Recovery thereupon by the said Commissioners of the Sums advanced stan(pagainst

or lent, with all Interest and Costs, in the manner required by this Act, shall stand and remain as a further Principal* Security, for the Purposes and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any such Person or Persons so being merely a Surety or Sureties therein, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Part of such Sums, Interest or Costs, then such Obligation, Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, as against the Principal, his or their Executors or Administrators, shall stand as a Security as aforesaid for the Rc-imbursement of such Sureties respectively, their Executors or Administrators, of the whole of the Sums so paid or satisfied, and so from time to time until such Re-imbursements shall be fully Where one made according to the Intent of this Act; and if any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Surety shall hire Admiriiilrators, shall have paid or satisfied any Sum which shall bear a greater Proportion to the whole of paid more than»the Sums recovered upon such Obligation, Bill of Exchange or Promififfiry Note, than the Sum for which ProPortioD» such Surety respectively shall have been so engaged shall bear to the total Amount of all the several Sums Jhe^e^shall of Money for which all die several Sureties shall have been engaged by such Obligation, Bill of Exchange it^d o*ts»

or

36* C. 3J.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1

or Promissory Note, then such Obligation as against every of the Sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal Proportion of the whole Sum recovered, according to the Sum for which he shall have been respectively engaged, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and Administrators lefpedlively, shall stand as £ Security for the Benefit of such Sureties or Surety, their Executors or Administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such Sums as aforesaid, for the Purpose of enforcing a Contribution amongst such Sureties in an equal Proportion to the several Sums for which they shall have been respectively engaged* and so from time to time until such Contribution shall be fully made, according to the Intent of this Act; and that in every such case, upon the Application of any Sureties or Surety to the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause the respective Claims of such Sureties or Surety respectively, and the Sums to be recovCied from such Principals or Sureties respectively, their and every of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole Sum recovered shall be distributed in an equal Proportion according to the Sums for which each Surety respectively hath been engaged in the fame Obligation, Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, and so from time to time as the Case shall require; and thereupon the said Commissioners, or the Maiority of them, by Warrant or Warrants in Writing under their Hands, shall from time to time direct Process to issue for the Recovery of such Sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled, to be respectively recovered from and paid to such Persons respectively as they shall specify in such Warrant or Warrants, under and subject to the several Regulations and Directions in this Act contained as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully ifTucon any such Obligation, Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note ns aforesaid, against any such Principals or Principal, their

Benefit of Sure- or Heirs, Executors or Administrators for the Benefit of any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors ties, and against or Administrators, a°d against any such Sureties or Surety, their or his Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, for the Benefit of any Co-furetiesor Co-surety, their or his Executors or Administrators, notwithstanding the whole Sum which has been advanced to such Principals or Principal shall have been repaid; and in calc Two or more Sureties shall have become bound by distinct Instruments for the fame Persons or Person, and for or on account of the fame Advance, all and every the Provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like manner, as well for the Benefit of as against such Sureties or Surety, and against such Principals or Principal, as if all such Sureties and Principals respectively were named in the fame Instrument.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, whidh at any time before or after the passing of this Act, shall have been or shall be deposited with the Commissioners appointed by this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be for such Purposes vested in the said Commissioners, by the Name of The Commissioners for distributing the Sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland, and shall and may be sold, applied and disposed of for Payment and Satisfaction of the Sums lent thereon, with the Interest thereof, and all Costs and Charges attending such Sale, whenever Default shall be made in Payment of such Sums, in such manner and at such times as shall have been or shall be specified in the Instruments made and entered into at the time of the depositing of such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes respectively; and that the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity, to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners on account of this Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, as the case may be; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners collectively or individually, or against their Secretary, except in the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and with the Leave of such Court first had and obtained, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from time to time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying on any Proceedings by virtue of this Act, and as soon as possible after the Determination of such Proceedings, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and also to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, whenever the Sums advanced or lent given for Money by them to any Person or Persons, or any Proportion or Instalment thereof shall be repaid, deliver to the Per-epaid, &c. son or Persons to whom the same shall have been advanced or lent, at his or their Request, a Receipt or Receipts under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, specifying the Amount of the Sum or Sums so received, and the Sum or Sums originally advanced or lent, and the times of lending thereof, and the times appointed for the Repayment thereof, and the Amount of the Principal then due, together with Interest, to be computed at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per dnnum, from the time of the Advance to the time of Payment as aforesaid; and that whenever the said Commissioners shall by their Warrant or Order direct any such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes deposited as a Security for such Sum so lent and advanced, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame respectively a like Receipt as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of the Monies so raised or levied, and the Substance of the Warrant or Order of the Commissioners to raise or levy the same; and the Particulars of every such Receipt shall, : by the Secretary or sworn Clerk to the said Commissioners, be entered in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose at the Office of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them* shall at the Foot of such Receipt attest such Entry under their Hands, and

deliver

On Application af Sureties, Commissioners to cauie their Claim* to be adjusted and settled, &c.

Process against PrincipaWTdt

Sureties for Benefi* of Cosureties.

Goods deposited vested in Commissioners, and to be sold in default of Payment of Sum advanced.

How Commissioners to sue and be sued.

Commissionert to give Account of Proceedings to Lord Lieutenant and Treal'ury.

Rece ipts to be

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 35. 363

deliver the said Receipt or Receipts to the Person or Persons requiring the fame; and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Discharge for the Sums expressed therein to have been received, as against the said Commissioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Administrators, as well to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipt shall be given, as to all and every Persons and Person who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Money mentioned in such Receipt, their and every of their Executors and Administrators respectively; and the said Commissioners shall, within Ten Days after the Receipt of any such Sum and Sums of Money, pay over to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, so much of every Sum so received by the said Commissioners, as shall be equal to the Principal Sum received, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on such Sum, from the time when the fame was advanced by the said Governor and Company to the said Commissioners, up to the time of the Payment thereof; and the Cashier of the said Bank shall from time to time accept and receive such Sums from the said Commissioners, and give to the said Commissioners Receipts and Acquittances for the fame, if required, which Receipts and Acquittances shall be entered in the proper Books of the said Commissioners, and shall be an Acquittal to the said Commis- t#

sioners for so much and such Sums as shall be specified therein; and all the Excess of Interest which shall be omm oner,' received by the said Commissioners on such Sum or Sums as shall be repaid to them, exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, so paid by them to the Governor and Company of the said Bank, shall by the said Commissioners be retained and employed as a Fund to defray all Costs and Expences which shall have been, or may be incurred under the Direction of the said Commissioners, in the Execution of the Trusts so reposed in them as aforesaid, and which shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and the Surplus of such Excess of Interest (if any) shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, by the said Commissioners, and be applied in tile §rft place, to make good any Loss which may accrue by the Insufficiency of any Security taken by the said Commissioners, and the Remainder be made a Part of the Cofolidated Fund.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Part of the said Sum of Two Making good hundred thousand Pounds, lent and advanced by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to Money ifluedkjp the said Commissioners, shall not be fully paid and satisfied to the said Governor and Company, on or before e a

the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the time when the same shall have been respectively advanced to the said Commissioners, then and in such case such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, that the Commissioners under this Act shall certify, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Six of them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, the Amount of the Principal and Interest so remaining unpaid by them, to the said Governor and Company, after the time when the fame ought to have been paid and satisfied as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, to issue One or more Treasury Bill or Bills to the Amount of such Deficiency, to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at the End of One Year after the Date thereof payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, with Interest from the Date thereof at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to receive the same: Provided always, that whatever Monies shall be afterwards Provifa, received by the said Commissioners from the Parties liable, on account of the Sum or Sums so deficient, shall be paid by the said Commissioners into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, and shall be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall Commiflfionenk decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or having begun to act shall decline to act d<c"DU, 810 a^any further therein, or shall die during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them acting as aforesaid, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief. Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, in the place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refusing to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners or the major Part of them, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit; and so often as such Case mail happen, and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath hereinbefore provided and directed,

shall be invested with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said. Commissioners or Commissioner constituted by this Act respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Notice of As* Persons for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, or in the Performance of any Matters authorized by this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary er m for the time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been

made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or cause of Action accrued, and every such Action shall be brought in the said Court of Exchequer, and shall be.-

hid in the County of the City of Dublin, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action ^eD*ra uc*

or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence on any

Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or in

performance of any Matters authorized by this Act, and jf the same shall appear to have been so done, or if

such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be

brought

3*>4

Treble Cost*

His Majesty mty appoint J unices of the Peace within the Liber* ties of the Cinque Ports.

Jurisifi&ion ci such Justice*.

0.35, 36. 5t* GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

brought without Fourteen Day* Notice thereof. Or shall be brought iu way other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or iufier a Difooatinnance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall oafs against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have tuch Remedy for recovering the fame at any Defendant or Defendants bath or have for Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to facilitate the Execution of Justice within The Cinque Ports.

[15 th May 1811.]

WHEREAS different Parishes, Hamlets, Districts or Vills, form Part of the Liberties of the Cinque

Ports, some whereof are situate at a considerable Difiance from the Port or Town of the Liberty whereof they respedirely form Part: And whereas the Mayor or Bailiff, and Jurats, or by whatsoever Name or Names they are or have been called, of each of the said Cinque Ports, have from the time whereof the Memory of Man is not to the contrary, held, exercised and enjoyed Jurisdiction in all Matters relating to the Office and Duty of Justice of the Peace within and throughout the Liberties of the respective Port or Town whereof they are or have been Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever Name or Names they are or have been called: And whereas such Mayors, Bailiffs and Jurats, or by whatsoever Name or Names they are or may have been called, are and have been generally resident in the respective Town or Port whereof they are or have been Mayors, Bailiffs or Jurats respectively, and none* or an insufficient Number of them, within or near unto the Parishes, Hamlets, Districts or Vills, forming Part of the Liberties of fuclr Porte: And whereas the Number of Jurats, or by whatever Name or Names they are or may have been called, is in each of the said Towns and Ports limited and insufficient to afford a competent Number of them to be resident at various Places within and throughout the Whole of the Liberties of their respective Ports, to act as Justices of the Peace therein, by reaton whereof great Inconveniences, and many Defects of Justice hare frequently arifea, and are likely hereafter to arise to His Majesty's Subjects redding within and frequenting tuch Parishes, Hamlets, Districts or Vills, unless Provision be made for Remedy thereof: And whereas it would tend to the Redress of such Inconveniences and Deleft*, and would greatly conduce to the due, prompt and effectual Administration of Justice, and Execution of clivers Acts of Parliament parted and hereafter to be parted, and to the better Preservation of the Peace within

and throughout the said Parities, Hamlets, Districts and Vills, if proper Persons resident within or near unto the said Parishes, Hamlets, Districts and Vills, were constitutea Justices of the Peace within and throughout the fame, and inverted with the feme Power and Authority within the same as doth now or at f any time did appertain or beloog to any Mayors, Bailiffs or Jurats, or by whatsoever other Name or Names they are or may have been called, of any Cinque Port, to exetcife within the same; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with tha Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty and His Successora, King* and Queens of this Realm, from time to time, and as often as Occa-fiou shall require, to direct a Commifuon or Commissiona to be prepared and issued under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* to be directed to certain Persons to be named in such Commission or Commissions, constituting them to be Justices of the Peaoe, and each of them to be a Justice of the Peace within and throughout the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, and investing them and each of them with the fame Power and Authority as doth now or at any Time did appertain or belong to any Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever other Name or Names they are or may have been called, to exercise within the Liberties of the Port or Town whereof they were or are Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or hr whatsoever other Name or Names they are or may have been called; and that from and after such Commission or Commissions shall have so issued, all Persons and every Person named in any such Commission or Commissions, Audi be, and they and each of them are and is hereby declared to be Justices and a Justice of the Peace within and throughout the Liberties of the Cinque Ports, and invested with the fame Power and Authority witbra and throughout the fame, as doth now or at any time did appertain or belong to any Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever other Name or Names they are or may have been called, to exercise within the Liberties of the Port or Town whereof they are or were Mayor, Bailiff or Jurat, or by whatsoever other Name or Names they are or may have been called $ any Prescription, Ufege, Charter or Charters, Law or Laws to the cob-trary in any wise not with (landing.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons to be named in any such Commission or Commissions, shall be thereby or by this Act authorised or empowered to grant Licences or Certificates for Licences to any Victualler resident within any Liberty belonging to any Cinque Pott, Ancient Town or Corporate Town, or to act at or in any General or Adjourned Session to be holden in or for w&y of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns or the Corporate Towns herein after mentioned, or to fit, hear or determine or vote upon any matter or thing which (halt or may be brought before any General or Adjourned Session to be holden io or for any of the Cinque Ports, Two Ancient Towns or the Corporate Towns herein after mentioned, or to fit, hear or determine any matter or thing, or do any Act as Justices or Justice of Peace within or with regard to any matter or thing which shall happen, arise or fall out within the Towns of Hqftwst* Sandwich* Dover, New Romney or Hythe* or any or either of them, or within the ancient Towns of Rye or Winchelsea* or either of them, or within the Corporate Towns of Pevenjft* Sea/ord* Lydd, Folk eft one, Fever/ham, Fordwich, Tenter den or Deal, or any or either of them, or to claim or challenge, or have any Power, Pre-eminence or Authority, within any of the said Towns, Ancient Towns

7 or

A.D. 1811.

51- GEORGII III. C. 36. 365

or Corporate Towns, or any Right, Privilege, Franchise or Immunity, belonging or appertaining to any Member of the Corporation of the said Towns, Ancient Towns or Corporate Towns, any or One of them.

III. Provided always, and be it hereby further ensfted, That no Person or Persons to be named in such Qualificatbn cf > Commission or Commissions shall be thereby or by this Act authorised to act as a Justice or Justices of the Juflu.es.

Peace, unless he and they shall have such Qualification respectively, as would entitle him and them respectively to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace for -any County in England, and unless he and they shall respectively have taken and subscribed the Oaths, and delivered in at some General Sessions, to be holden in and for some one of the Cinque Porta, the Certificate respectively required to be taken and subscribed, and delivered in by Persons qualifying themselves to act for Counties in England'.

IV. Provided also, and be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Persons named in such May aft as Juf-Commission or Commissions, who shall have duly qualified themselves as herein after directed, to act as Justices ticcs*n their of the Peace within their own Houses or Places of Residence, although the fame may not be situated within owi, ^oules» the Liberties of the Cinque Ports; and that all Acts which shall be so done by such Justices within their n, u\*fed*within own Houses or Places of Residence, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as the the Liberties, fame would have been if the fame had been done by such Justices within the Liberties of the Cinque

Ports.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Indices of the and eleven, all and every the Justices and Justice of the Peace for the County of Essex shall have full Power County of EflV. and Authority to do all and every Act, and to hear and determine all Matters and Things competeut for au Justice or Justices of the Peace to do, hear or determine, in respect of any Matter or Thing arising within or lins ed' relating to the Parish of Brightlingsea, in the said County of Essex, and also to grant Licences or Certificates

for Licences to all Victuallers resident within the said Parish of Bright ling fra, as he or they would or might have in case the said Parish of Brightlingsea was to all Intents and Purposes Part of the said County of Essex, and was not and had not been annexed to, or did not form, or bad not formed Part of the Liberty of the Town and Port of Sandwich aforesaid.

VI. And be it hereby further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight bun- Coroner, af dred and eleven, the Coroners for the County of Essex shall have Cognizance of all Matters and Things whereof KjrexCosmzaiiej* it appertaineth to the Office of Coroner to have Cognizance, which shall happen or fall out within the said

Parish of Brightlingsea, and shall do and execute all Matters and Things appertaining to the Office of Coroner r>b in* ea*

to do and execute within the said Parish of Brightlingsea, and be paid for the same in such and the same manner as they ought and should have done and been paid in case the said Parish of Brightlingsea

was to all Intents and Purposes Part of the said County of Essex, and wa3 not or had not been annexed

to, or did not form, or had not formed Part of the Liberties of the Town and Port of Sandwich aforesaid.

VII. And be it hereby further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight bun- How Main

dred and eleven, all Offenders to be committed or imprisoned for any Offence committed within the said Parish of tenance, &c. of BrightUngfea, shall be committed to, and imprisoned and delivered at such Place and Places, Time and Times, ©rTm

as they would have been committed to, imprisoned in, and delivered at, in case the said Parish of Brightlingsea "*

was Part of the said County of Essex, and that such Offenders shall be maintained and kept in such Place or County Gaol of Places, and conveyed to and from Trial at the Expence of the said County of Essex; and that the Trea- Etfex, from surer or Treasurers of the said County of Essex shall, and he and they is and are riereby respectively autho* Brightlingsea, rized to demand and receive of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Brightlingsea, such Sum and delra)e<i*

Sums as they shall respectively pay to any Coroner of the said County of Essex, for any Matter or Thing

done by such Coroner within the said Parish of Brightlingsea, and such further Sum and Sums as the Justices of the said County of Essex shall, at the Sessions to be holden by them next after the Clause of Easter in each Year, determine to be double the average Amount of the Expence £er Day of feeding and clothing a Prisoner in their County Gaol, for each Day any Offender shall be (o confined or imprisoned in any Place of Confinement within their County, in lieu and Satisfaction of all Contribution from the said Parish of Brightlingsea to the Rate of the said County; and the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County of Essex shall have the fame Remedy and Remedies for receiving and enforcing the Payment of such Sum and Sums, as he or they now have for recovering or enforcing the Payment of the County Rate from any Parish of the said County; and the said Overseers are hereby required to pay the same accordingly, out of the Rates to be made and collected within the said Parish for the Relief of the Poor thereof: Provided always, that nothing Provifj. herein contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to deprive the Mayor and Jurats of Sandwich to mile or levy any Rate, Cess or Impoit, they are now authorized to raise or levy within the said Parish of Bright-tingfea, or on the Inhabitants thereof, other than and except for any Expence to be incurred for the Rebuilding, Suilentation or Repair, of any Gaol or Place of Confinement of Offenders within the said Town and Port of Sandwich, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Maintenance, Clothing or Keeping of any Offenders therein, or the Trials of any such Offenders.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight bun- Indices of the dred and eleven, all and every the Justices and Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent shall nave full County of Kent Power and Authority to do all and every Act, and to hear and determine all Matters and Things competent

for a Justice or Justices of the Peace to do, hear or determine, in respect of any Matter or Thing arising within pr relating to the Parish of Bcakejbourne, and the Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, in the said County of Kent, and also to grant Licences or Certificates for Licences to all Victuallers resident within the said Parish of Beejtejhournc, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, as he ox they would ur might have ip 51 Geo. III. '^3B '*case

Cdroilets* of Kent to h ive Cognizance within lieakefbourne and Grange otherwise Grench*

How Maintenance, Sec. of Offenders committed or imprisoned in the County of Kent, from 'Beakef-bourne or Grendi, defrayed.

Previso.

15 G. a. c. 30.

Persons found lunatic marrying before declared Cine, Marriage void.

C. 36, 37, 38. 5i° GEORGII III. A.D. 181r.

case the said Parish of Beakesbourne or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, were to all Intents and Purpose* Part of the said County of Kent, and were not and had not been annexed to, or did not form* or Had not formed Part of the Liberty of the Town and Port of Hajlings aforesaid,

IX. And be it Hereby further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Coroners for the County of Kent shall have Cognizance of all Matters and Things whereof it appertained to the Office of Coroner to nave Cognizance, which shall happen or fall out within the said Panin of Beakesbourne, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, and shall do and execute all things appertaining to the Office of Coroner to do and execute within the said Parish of Beakesbourne, and Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, and be paid for the same in such and the same manner as they ought and should have done and been paid, in case the said Parish of Beakesbourne and Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench was to all intents and Purposes Part of the said County of Kent, and was not and had not been anuexed to, and did not form, and had not formed Part of the Liberties of the Town and Port of Hqjlings.

X. And be it hereby enabled. That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, all Offenders to be committed or imprisoned for any Offence committed within the Parish of Beakesbourne, or the Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, shall be committed or imprisoned in such Place or Places, and delivered at such Time or Times, Place or Places as they would have been committed to, imprisoned in and delivered at, in case the said Parish of Beakesbourne, and Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, were respectively Part of the said County of Kent, and that such Offenders Aiall be maintained and kept in such Place or Places, and conveyed to and from Trial at the Expence of the said County of Kent, and that the Treaftirer of the said County of Kent, or the Treasurers of the Divisions of the said County of Kent, shall, and he and they is or are hereby respectively authorized to demand and receive of the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Beakesbourne, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench respectively, such Sum or Sums as they shall respectively pay to any Coroner of the said County or Kent, for any Matter or Thing done by such Coroner within the said Parish of Beakesbourne, or the Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, and such further Sum and Sums as the Justices of the Divisions of which such Treasurer shall be the Treasurer, shall, at the Sessions to be by them holden next after the Clause of Easter ifi each Year, determine to be double the average Amount of the Expence per Day of feeding and clothing a Prisoner in the Gaol of their respective Divisions, for each Day any Offender shall be so confined or imprisoned in any Place of Confinement within such respective Divisions, in lieu and Satisfaction of all Contribution from the said Parish of Beakesbourne, or Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, to the Rate of the said County 5 and the said Treasurer or Treasurera shall have the fame Remedy and Remedies for recovering and enforcing the Payment of such Sum or Sums, as he or they now have respectively for recovering and enforcing the Payment of the County Rate from any Parish of the said County; and the said Overseer and Overseers is and are hereby required to pay the same accordingly out of the Rates to be respectively made and collected within the said Parish and Hamlet for the Relief of the respective Poor thereof accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive the Mayor and Jurats of Haflfagi of any Power to raise or levy any Rate, Cess or Impost, they are now authorized to raise or levy within the said Parish of Beakesbourne, or the Hamlet of Grange otherwise Grench, or either of them, or on the Inhabitants of them or either of them, other than and except for any Expence to be incurred for the Rebuilding, Sustenation or Repair of any Gaol or Place of Confinement of Offenders within the said Town and Port of Hajlings, or the Liberties thereof, or in the Maintenance, Clothing and Keeping of any Offenders therein, or in regard to the Trial of any such Offenders.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act further to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics.

[31st May 18ti/J

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign ' of His late Majesty King George the Second, to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, in case any Person who has been, or at any time hereafter shall be found a Lunatic by any Inquisition taken or to be taken by virtue of a Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Great Seal of Ireland respectively, or any Lunatic or Person under a Phrenzy, whose'Person and Estate by virtue of any Act of Parliament now or hereafter shall be committed to the Care and Custody of particular Trustees, shall marry before he or she shall be declared of fane Mind by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain or Ireland for the time being, or such Trustees as aforesaid, or the major Part of them respectively, as the Nature of the Case shall require, every such Marriage shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to protest Mailers against Embezzlements by their Clerks and Servants, in Ireland\

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS Bankers, Merchants and others, in Ireland, are in the Course of their Dealings

W and Transactions, frequently obliged to entrust their Servants, Clerks and Persons employed by them in the Eke Capacity, with receiving, paying, negociating, exchanging or transferring Money,

Goods,

A.D. 181 r.

51° GEORGII III.

c-38>39»4°- 367

hi

5Wva % tsor Clerks taltirg into their Pot-fel'iMi Money, <xc. Oil Ma'I'-u Accent).!* .« J tr.iudulc: .: l)

I cere! iii 2. MiCei-u-jn »*.

Trauijx'r4. j-'hir.

Goods, Bonds, Bills, Notes, Bankers* Drafts and otlter valuable Effects and Securities: And whereas it is

expedient that the embezzling of the fame by such Servants, Clerks and others so employed by their

Mailers, should be punishable as a Misdemeanor, by the Law iu that Part of the United Kingdom called«Inlandf Be it enacted and declared by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Servant or Clerk, or any Person employed for the Purpose or in the Capacity of a Servant or Clerk, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or to any Body Corporate or Politick, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall by virtue of such Employment, receive or take into his Possession, any Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker's Draft or other valuable Security or Effects, for or in the Name or on the Account of his Matter or Mailers, or Employer or Employers, and shall fraudulently secrete or make away with the fame or any Part thereof, every uch Offender shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and to have embezzled the fame from his Matter or Matters, Employer or Employers, for whose Use or in whose Name or Names, or on whose Account, the fame was or were delivered to or taken into the Possession of such Servant, Clerk or other Person so employed, although such Money, Goods, Bond, Bill, Note, Banker's Draft or other valuable Security, was or were no otherwise received into the Possession of such Matter or Matters, Employer or Employers, than by Delivery into the actual Puflefjion of his or their Servant, Clerk or other Person so employed, for the Use or Behoof of his Matter; and every such Offender, his Procurer, Aider or Abettor, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be liable to be transported to such Parts beyond the Seas, as His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall appoint, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, in the Discretum of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted or adjudged.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regtdation of the Linen and Hemp Manufactures^ as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Felons convicted of dealing Cloth from Bleaching Grounds; and for more effectually preventing such Felonies.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland', in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hemp Manufa3ures9 it

is, amongst other things, shaded, That no Felon convicted, according to the Course of the Law and

Statutes of that Kingdom, of dealing of Liuen, Hempen or Cotton Yarn, or Linen or Hempen Cloth, or

Cloth made of Linen and Cotton Yarn, or any Materials or Utensils used m bleaching the fame, above the

Value of Five Shillings, from or out of any Bleachyard, Backhonfe or Workhouse thereunto belonging,

whether the Fad be committed by Day or Night, shall be allowed the Benefit of Clergy: And whereas the said Act has not been found effectual for the Prevention of the Crimes therein mentioned, and it is there-€ fore expedient that so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited should be repealed: And \vhereas it

might tend more effectually to prevent the aforesaid Crimea, if the fame were punishable more severely than " simple Larceny; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as is hereinbefore recited shall, from and repealed, after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall be convicted in Ireland, according to the Course of the Law and Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom, of feloniously flealhig Linen, Hempen or Cotton Yarn, or Linen or Hempen Cloth, or Cloth made of Linen and Cotton Yarn, or any Materials or Utensils used in bleaching the lame, above the Value of Five Shib lings, from or out of any Bleachyard, Backhouse or Workhouse thereunto belonging, whether the Fad be committed by Day or Night, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term, not less than Seven Years, as the Judge before whom any such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge \ or shall be liable, in case the said Judge shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years,

CAP. XL.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing certain Parts of several Acts relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in IrelandL

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty third Year of the W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and reduce into One A3, the Law for

mating > repairing or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas, to the Towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the said Town of Maryborough to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh to O'Bnen'r Bridge; tli« Tolls granted by the said Act are veiled in certain Persons in the said

Att mentioned, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, upon the Conditions and for the Purposes in the said Act specified, for the Term of Thirty Years from the patting of the said Act: And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Twenty seventh of George

3 B 2 the

c. 34.

§77*

Stenting Linsfl from Bleach* yards Tianf-porution, &c.

3 j ^r 3* (!) c-3*

3; G.3.(I.)c.JJ.

368

3*0.3. (t)c.S3.

30 O. 3. c. 3X,

1.

*12.

jo 0.3. c. 32. not to extend to Kxuds mentioned in recited Acts, 3, 37 and

38

Former Tolls taken on Roads

c. 40. 51. GEORGII nx. A.D. 18u.

the Third, for improving and repairing the Road from Dublin to Kilcullen Bridget and the Twenty one Mile Stone, Stage Coaches, Stage Landaus, Stage Chariots or Chaises, carrying raffengers paying for their Passage respectively, arc subjected to the Payment of Double the Tolls on the said Roads that any Coaches,

' Landaus, Chariots or Chaises, were then respectively subject to by former Acts then in force: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His pre- font Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and reduce into One Act the several Laws for making, improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in the County of Kildare,

and to the Twenty one Mile Stone Wesiward of the said Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Att for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Improvement of the Road from Kil worth Mountain to the City of Cork; the Tolls by the said Act appointed and granted to be raised and collected on the said Road from Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge are veiled in certain Persons, their Executors and Administrators, for the Term of Fifty Years, for the Purpose of repairing, improving and keeping in Repair the said Road, subject nevertheless to the several Debts, Charges and Conditions therein mentioned, and, amongst others,

subject to the Payment of a Debt of Four thousand five hundred Pounds, bearing Interest at the Rate of Six per Centum per Annum, and subject also to the Payment of the Interest of a further Debt of Nine thousand Pounds affecting the said Tolls, bearing Interest at the Rate of Five per Centum; and the Persons in whom the said Tolls are respectively veiled for the Purposes aforesaid, are bound in certain Penalties for the

due and faithful Performance of the several Matters and Things by the said several Acts required to be done, 'executed and performed; and by the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, the Term of Thirty Years, mentioned in the said lirft recited Act of the Thirty third Year, is extended to the like Term of Fifty Years: And whereas by the said Two recited Acts of the Thirty third and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, Stage Coaches and other Carriages, carrying Passengers for Hire upon both the said Roads are subjected to an higher Rate of Toll than other Carriages drawn by the fame Number of Horses; and the Number of Passengers, both In side and Outside, are by the said Two Acts of the Thirty third and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty limited, and the Toll is considerably increased, in case such Stage Coaches and other Carriages conveying Passengers for Hire shall carry more Inside or Outside Passengers than specified in the said Acts: And whereas, upon the Faith of the said Acts of the

Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and on the Credit of the Tolls thereby vested in the Persons in the said Act mentioned, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, large Sums have been advanced by such Persons in paying off the said Debt of Four thousand five hundred Pounds, and the Interest thereof, so chargeable on the said Roads from Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, and in paying and keeping down the Interest on the said Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, also chargeable thereon,

and which said last mentioned Sum of Money Hill remains due and owing, and other large Sums have also been advanced and expended in the Improvement of the said Roads, which are brought to a high State of Perfection 5 and upon the Faith of the said Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, and of the said A dl of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, large Sums of Monty have been advanced and expended in the Improvement of the said Limerick P.oads: And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the Parliament of Irtland,

4 so far as relates to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches or other Carriages, and for r nading other Limitations in lieu thereof and for other Purposes relating thereto, it is, among other things,

enabled, that so much of the several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland as relates to the Limitation of Passengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches, and other Four-wheeled Carriages; also so much of the said Acts as relates to the additional Tolls and Penalties which are thereby demandable and forfeited in case of a 4 greater Number being conveyed by Stage Coaches and other Four-wheeled Carriages than is specified by the-aforesaid Acts, shall be and the lame arc repealed; and it is also by the said recited Act of the last Set fion of Parliament further enacted, that no Coach or other Carriage described in the said Act, conveying Persons for Hire, shall be charged or compelled to pay at any Toll or Turnpike Gate any greater Toll than is paid by other Coaches or Carriages drawn by an equal Number of Horses; any thing in any Act to the

contrary in any wise notwithstanding; by which Provisions in the said last recited Act mentioned, if the fame were applied to the Roads in the said Acts of the Thirty third. Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years mentioned, the Toll payable by Stage Coaches and other Carriages carrying Passengers for Hire on the said Roads would be so reduced that the Fund applicable to the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the

Thirty third and Thirty eighth Years aforesaid, would be considerably diminished, and the Roads in the 4 -said Act mentioned would be thereby materially injured, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts; Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the hereinbefore recited Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or any Clauses or Provisions whatsoever in the said recited Act contained, whereby the Limitation of Passengers to be conveyed by Stage Coaches, or the additional Tolls or Penalties relating to Carriages conveying Persons for Hire are repealed, shall not extend nor be construed to extend to the said Turnpike Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, and from Naas to Limerick, or either of them, nor to repeal or alter any of the Prpviflons, Clauses or Regulations contained in the said recited Acts of the Thirty third, Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, with regard to Stage Coaches or other Carriages carrying Passengers for Hire on the said Roads, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons in whom the Tolls are veiled under the said recited Act of the Thirty

ii third

A.D. 181 i.

5ia GEORGII III.

C. 40, 41. 369

third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, their and each and every of their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to have, demand, receive and take upon the said Road leading from Naas to Maryborough and Ballyroan, and from Maryborough to L 'tmcrick, and from Nenagh to O'Brien's Bridge, within thq Limits for that Purpose specified by the said Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, and during the Continuance of the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, by such Person or Persons ao they shall authorize thereto, such Tolls and Penalties, and in such cases respectively as by the said last recited Acts they are authorized and empowered to have, demand, receive and take; any thing in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons in whom the Tolls are veiled under the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for their and each and every of their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to have, demand, receive and take upon the Lid Road leading from Dublin to Kilcnllen Bridge, and to the Twenty one Mile Stone Westward of the said Bridge, within the Limits for that Purpose specified by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of his present Majesty, and during the Continuance thereof, by such Person or Persons as they shall authorize thereto, such Tolls and Penalties, and in such cases respectively, as by the said x\ds of the Thirty seventh and Thiity eighth Years they are authorized and empowered to have, demand, levy, receive and take; any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafiirg of this Act, such and the like Tolls and Penalties as under the said hereinbefore recited Acts of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third, Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, or either of them, could or might be demanded, raised, levied and taken before the puffing of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon the Roads in the said Acts mentioned, shall and may be hereafter from time to time demanded, raised, levied and taken in such manner and under such Rules and Regulations, in all respects, as by the said recited Acts, or any of them, arc specially enacted and provided; any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied and amended by any Ad during this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLT.

under 33, 37,

38 <3.3.

How Tolls Penalties under .13* 37, 38 (I.) levied.

Act m*y he all-tered, &c.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the wore effectual I v preventing the Jlealing of Lineny Fujlian and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds and other Places used for printings whitening, bleaching or drying the famey as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing Cloth in Places therein mentioned j and for more effectually preventing such Felonies.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the 18 G.

Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the Jlealing of Linens Fujlian and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds and other Places used forprintings whitenings bleaching or drying the famey it is, amongst other things, enacted, That every Person who at any time after the First Day of June §

One thousand seven hundred and iorty five shall, by Day or Night, feloniously deal any Linen, Fustian, Calico,

Cotton Cloth; or Cloth worked, woven, or made of any Cotton or Linen Yarn mixed, or any Thread, Linen or Cotton Yarn, Linen or Cotton Tape, Incle, Filletting, Laces, or any other Linen, Fustian, or Cotton Goods or

Wares whatsoever, laid, placed or exposed to be printed, whitened, bowked, bleached or dried, in any whitening or bleaching Croft, Lands, Fields or Grounds, Bowking House, Drying House, Printing House, or other Building, Ground or Place made use of by any Calico Printer, Whittier, Crotier, Bowker or Bleacher, for print-

ing, whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying of the fame, to the Value of Ten Shillings, or who shall aid or

assist, or shall wilfully or maliciously hire or procure any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence, or who shall buy or receive any such Goods or Wares so stolen, knowing the same to be (lolen as aforesaid, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony; and that every such Offender shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas the said Act has not been found effi ctual for the Prevention of the Crimes tlicrcin mentioned, and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore re- cited should be repealed: And whereas it might tend more cfFe&ually to prevent the aforesaid Crimes if the fame were punishable more fevertly than finiple Larceny Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said A Cl as is herein^ repealed; before recited shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall Stealing Liner, feloniously (leal any Linen, Fustian, Calico, Cotton Cloth, or Cloth worked, woven or made of any Cotton or: &c. from Bleath»-Linen Yam mixed, or any Thread, Linen or Cotton Yarn, Linen or Cotton Tape, Incle, Filletting, Laces or iaS Places, &c. any other Linen, Fustian, or Cotton Goods or Wares whatsoever, laid, placed or expofrd to be printed, whitened, bowked, bleached or dried in any whitening or bleaching Croft, Lands, Fields or Grounds, Bowking House, Drying House, Printing House or other Building, Ground or Place made use of by any Calico Printer, Whitfter, Crofter, Bowker or Bleacher, for printing, whitening, bowking, bleaching or drying of the fame, to the Value of Ten Shillings, or who shall aid oraffift, or wilfully or maliciously hire or procure any other Person or Persons to commit any such Offence, or who shall buy or receive any such Goods or Wares so stolen, knowing the same to be stolen as aforesaid, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be liable to Punishmenfc be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term not !efi than Seven Years, as the Judge before,

whom

48 G. 3. c. 152.

43 G. 3. c. 69. 43 G. 3. c. 81.

Treasury may remit Proportion of Huh Duties on Walh made from Suear, and distilled since Dec 31, 1810, and before June 10, 1811. Scotland.

Proviso for Distillers ditlil-ling certain Wash made from Sugac.

G.41, 42. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

whom any fttch Person shall be contrived shall adjudge; or Avail be liable, in case the said Judge shal) think fit, to be intprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction or Penitentiary House, for-airy Term not exceeding Seven Years.

CAP. XLn.

An Act to empower the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar, from the Excess of the Duties to which they were liable in consequence of the Expiration of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, above the Duties imposed by the said Act.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting Duties on Worts or IVaJb made from Sugar, (hiring the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, expired on the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten and by the Expiration thereof, the former High Duties imposed by Two several Acts of the*Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the one thereof, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of 1 Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and the other thereof, intituled, An Act for granting to Isis Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Dfini/ive Treaty of*Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, for and in respect of Wort or Wash brewed or 1 made in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Sugar or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and also the High Duties imposed by an Act made in the Forty eighth (a)

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for or in respect of tSpirits made or distilled in any Part or PI ice in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, from Sugar or any Mixture therewith, and the High Duties by the said last mentioned Act imposed, for or in respect of the Cubical Content or Capacity of Stills used or employed ' in Scotland, for the Purpose of making or distilling of Low Wines of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland* from Molasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and also the High Duties for or in respect of Spirits*made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain called England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, and for or in respect of Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, is revived: And whereas some Distillers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland have, since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, made 1 Entry for the Distillation of Spirits for Exportation to that Part of Great Britain called England from Com*or Grain: And whereas many Distillers and Makers of Spirits have, with the Concurrence of the Commis- fioners of His Majesty's Treasury, abstained from making or brewing Worts or Walh for Distillation from*Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the fame, and < have confined themselves to the Use of Worts or Wash brewed and made from Sugar for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and although some Distillers in Scotland have, since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eleven, made Entry for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Gram for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, yet such last mentioned Distillers have,

with the Concurrence of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, forborne to make any Spirits for*such Exportation as aforesaid under such Entries as last aforesaid $' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be at Liberty to exonerate and discharge all and every such Distiller and Distillers and Maker and Makers of Spirits in England and Scotland respectively, from and to remit to them respectively, such and so much of the said High Duties for or in respect of any such Wort or Wash brewed or made from Sugar and distilled as aforesaid since the said Thirty first Day of De- cember One thousand eight hundred and ten, and also from such of the said High Duties, for or in respect of any such Wort or Walh which shall be actually distilled into Spirits before the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, as shall exceed the Amount of the Duties which would have become due and payable tinder or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty eighth (a) Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, had the fame remained and continued in force to the time of passing of this Act, and also to exonerate ana discharge all and every Distillers and Distiller in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from so much of the said High Duties for or in respect of the Cubical Content or Capacity of such Stills as aforesaid as shall exceed the Rate of Duty which would have accrued or become payable under or by virtue of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or IVaJb made from Sugar, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, and from any of the said presumptive Charges, as to such Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall, under the Circumstances of each and every such Case, appear to them to be just and reasonable; any thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (*) [&vr c, ill. $ 5. J>oft-]

II. Provided always, ana be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Distiller or Distillers from distilling into .Spirits any Wo is or Wash which shall have been actually brewed or made from Sugar, and of which au Account shall have been taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise on or before the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, at and subject to such Rate of Duty as would or might have been payable if the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign had not expired: Ana provided further, that every such Distiller so distilling into Spirits any Wort or Wash on or after the Tenth Day of June aforesaid shall not, from and after the Seventeenth Day of May Or.e thousand eight hundred and eleven, melt or have melted any Sugar in the making or preparing of any Wort or Wash for Distillation, and shall, on or

10 before

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII III. C. 42, 43, 371

before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, have actually distilled all such Wort or Wash into Spirits.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for altering the time at which the additional Duties of Customs imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament ori certain Species of Wood were to have taken place; and for granting a Drawback upon Deals and Timber used in the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, in

the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the time at which the Duties imposed by an Act passed in the last 50G.3. c. 77.

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for imposing additional Duties of Customs on certain Species of

Wood imported into Great Britain, were to have commenced and taken EfFed, should be alteredBe ft therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord*

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several additional Duties of Customs imposed by the said recited Act, which was to have Duties town* commenced and taken Effect from and after the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred eilC9 ft0*1 'andeleven, shall commence, take Effect, and be charged and payable from and after the First Day of July One x' x8ix* thousand eight hundred and eleven; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 II. And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Par- 5c G. 3. c. 77.

liament as exempts Deals, not being imported direct, from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement §4*

4 in Africa or America, or not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thickness, and a6 exempts Fir Timber being Eight Inches square and not exceeding Ten Inches square, being the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, from the additional Duties hereby imposed, should be repealed 5 but .that a Drawback feould be allowed, under the Regulations of this Act, upon such of the said Deals and Timbers as shall be used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon;

Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and la part repealed, eleven, so much of the said recited Act as exempts any such Deafo and Fir Timber from the additional Duties thereby imposed, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and the said Articles shall, from and after the First Such Articles Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be subject and liable to the said additional Duties subject to Duty imposed by the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for and in respect of such of the Drawback on said Deals and Timber on which the full Duties due by Law on the Importation thereof shall have been paid, certain Desk and and which Deals and Timber shall have been used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper* Timber used

in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, a Drawback of so much of the Duties of Customs so paid on any such 2evonOTSC«tt-

Deals above Seven Inches iu Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten Feet in Length, and °*am

not exceeding One Inch and a Half in Thickness, and on any Fir Timber being Eight such es square and not exceeding Ten Inches square, being of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, as shall

exceed the Amount of the Permanent and Temporary Duties of Customs that were charged and payable on such Deals end Timber respectively by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present^c,

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof / which Drawback shall be paid to the Owner of any such Mine, under Account offuep

the following Regulations; that is to say, the Purser, Agent or Captain of any such Mine in the said Deals and Tim-

Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively intending to claim the Drawback under this Act, shall enter or'delivered to cause to be entered in a Book, to be kept for that PuFpose, an Account of the Quantity of such Deals and

Timber used and employed in such Mine, dating of whom such Deals and Timber were purchased, at what

Port the tame were stated by the Vender to have been imported, and at the End of each Year lie shall deliver

an Account thereof to the Collector of the Customs of the Port where the Duty upon such Deals and Timber

shall have been stated to have been paid.

IV. And be it further etia&ed, That the Purser, Agent or Captain of any such Mine shall make Oath or Account veil-Affirmation to the Truth of the Account so delivered to the Collector of the Customs, and shall also, if fiedonQuth, kc.

' required by the said Customer-or Collector, produce the Coll Book of any such Mine; and the Person or Persons, or his or their Agent or Agents, who shall have supplied the said Deals and Timber shall also make Oath or Affirmation to the Truth of his or their Accounts, and that the full Duties on such Deals and Timber were paid thereon 5 and the proper Officer of the Customs being satisfied that the Deals and Timber referred to in such Account were supplied for the Use of such Mine, and the full Duties paid thereon, then and in every such Case a Debenture shall be issued for the Amount of the Drawback allowed by this Act, and the same shall be paid by the Collector of the Customs who shall have received such Account, out of any Monies remaining in his Hands on Account of the Duties of Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Purser; Agent or Captain of such Mine shall deliver any false Delivering i*i a Account of the Quantity of Deals and Timber used and employed; with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, falie Account, his Heirs or Successors, such Purser, Agent or Captain shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, for the

First Offence forfeit the bum of Two hundred Pounds, and for every Second or further Offence the Sum of First Offence. Four hundred Pounds, to be sued for within Three Months after the Delivery of the Account, and recovered S*£ft4uent in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster / and One Moiety of such Penalty shall go and be applied to cnw*

the

37s

50 0.3 c. 77.

8.

Application of Duties under this and recited Act.

m.iy he Iepc 4jd: See.

Additional Duty on Linens

unported*

49 G. 3. c. 98.

ff'rovil'o for Linens secured in Wirehoofes.

Duties wider Commissioners et Customs,

*How levied.

Application of Duties.

49 G. 3. c. 98.

Act may be repealed, kc.

Commencement, 5c c.

C. 43, 44. 5i° GEORGII III. A.D. 181X.

the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

VI. And whereas the Duties granted by the said recited Act were directed to be paid into the Exchequer of Great Britain, and appropriated to the same Uses as the Temporary or War Duties imposed by

an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are directed to be applied: And < whereas it is expedient that the Temporary or War Duties granted by the said Act of the salt Session of

Parliament, and by this Act, should be applied towards defraying any Services voted by the Commons of 1 the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled* Be it therefore enacted, That the said lad mentioned Temporary or War Duties shall be appropriated and applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall be voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby'authorized ana empowered to iflise and apply the fame accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Act* to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for imposing an additional Duty on Linen imported into Great Britain during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[3xfl May 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Customs should be imposed on foreign Linen

imported into Great Britain / Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, there shall he raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs on all Linen imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, of whatever Description the fame may be, equal in Amount to the Temporary or War Duty already charged and payable on the like Articles, according as the said Duties are severally and respectively described and set forth in Figures as Temporary or War Duties in the Schedule marked (A) annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: Provided always, that the said additional Duties shall not be charged or payable on any Linen which, having been imported into Great Britain on or before the said Thirtieth Day of June, shall have been or may be secured in Warehouses under the Authority of any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, notwithstanding such Linen may not be so taken out of any such Warehouse, either to be used or consumed in Great Britain, or for the Purpose of being exported, until after the said Thirtieth Day of June.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Seot/and shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Powers, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for seem ing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, thenecessary Uharges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties called Temporary or War Duties imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are directed to be appropriated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed during the prefect Stession of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty charged by this Act shall commence from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall continue to be levied, collected and paid during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

A.D. 1811.

51 GEORGII III.

C. 45, 46, 47

373

CAP. XLV.

An Act for taking away the public Use of certain Ships Rooms in the Town of Saint John, in the Island of Newfoundland; and for instituting Surrogate Courts on the Coast of Labrador, and in certain Islands adjacent thereto.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS certain Spaces of Ground in the Town of Saint John's, in the Island of Newfoundland, W called Shits Rooms, are liable, according to the ancient Custom there used, and conformably with the Provisions of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His Majesty King William the Third,

intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland, to be claimed by the Mailers of fishing Ships, for the Use of their Ships and Boats during the current fishing Season, which said Spaces of Ground have not of late been employed for the Purposes of the Fishery: And whereas it would be more beneficial to the

general Interests of the Trade and Fishery, if the said Spaces of Ground were wholly exempted from such Claim, and were let out for building Dwelling Houses and Store Houses, and for other Uses necessary to the Trade and Fishery: And whereas it has been proved, upon the Survey of Persons resident in the Town of Saint John's, and well fkiiled in the Affairs of the Fishery, that there is Land at the Western Extremity

of the Harbour better suited for drying, curing and husbanding of Fishthan any of the Ships Rooms above

mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the following Ships Rooms, situated in the Town of Saint John's; that is to say, the Ships Room, No. I. Rotten Row, or Pye Corner Ships Room, No. II.; Darius's Ships Room, No. II.; Lady's Ships Room, No.II; Gallows Hill Ships Room, No III.; Burs heart Hill Ships Room, No. III. 5 Churchill Ships Room, No. IV.; Hudson's Ships Room, No. V.; Admired*s Ships Room, No. VI; as the same are laid down, distinguished and named in a Plan of the Town and Harbour of Saint John's in Newfoundland, dated October One thousand eight hundred and four, and deposited in the Government House there, shall no longer be deemed and taken to be Ships Rooms and occupied during the fishing Season as such, but it shall be lawful for the same to be granted, let and possessed as private Property, in like manner as any other Portions of Land in Newfoundland may be; any thing in the said Act or the said ancient Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 II. And whereas it is expedient to provide for the better Administration of Justice in such Parts of the Coast of Labrador from the River St. John to Hudson's Streights, and in the island of Anttcofi, and in all other

smaller Islands as are re-annexed to the Government of Newfoundland by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for efabl'tshing Courts of Judicature in the If and of Newfoundland and the Jfands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coaf of Labrador and the Ifands lying on the said Coaf to the Government of Newfoundland; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor of Newfoundland from time to time to institute Surrogate Courts in the said Parts and Places, with Power and Authority to proceed in and to hear and determine Civil Suits arising within the the said Ports and Places, and all other Suits and Complaints, in like manner as Surrogate Courts instituted by virtue of the said Act in the Island of Newfoundland.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to authorise the Officers of the Customs to act for the Superintendant of Quarantine, and his Assistant.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to make

Y V further Provison for the cjfc3ual Performance of Quarantine, certain Duties are required to be performed by the Superintendant of Quarantine, or his Deputy, but no Provision is made for the Execution of the fame in the Event of the Absence of those Officers Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every thing required in the said Act to be done and performed by the Superintendant of Quarantine, or his Assistant, may, in case of the Absence or Sickness of such Superintendant or Assistant, be done and performed by the principal Officer of the Custorr.s at the Port or Place, or by such Officer of the Customs as ftull be authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four or more of them, to act in that Behalf.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for carrying into Effect the Provisions of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS according to an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasng of Shipping and Navigation, and other Statutes, no Goods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture ol America, can be imported into this Kingdom or the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, in any other than British built Ships, owned by His Majesty's Subjects, navigated with a Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners British Subjects, and registered according to Law, on Forfeiture of alWuch Goods or Commodities, and of the Ship 51 Gfco. III. 3 C 4 or to Sc 11 W.j*. C. 25.

The Ship Rooms he re in mentioned no longer 10 be used as such, but may be disposed of as Private Property.

490.3-c.j7.

Governor of

Newfoundland may institute Surrogate Courts.

45 G. 3. c. 10.

Principal Officer of Customs to act as Superintendant of Quarantine in caie of Absence, &c.

12 Car. % c. 18.

§3-

374

C. 4r.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

4 or Vessel in which they are imported: And whereas the following Goods and Commodities; that is to say,

Mails, Timber, Boards, Salt, Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Raisins, Fig6, Prunes, Olive Oil, Corn or Grain

Sugar, Pot Ashes, Wine, Vinegar, Aqua vit& or Brandy, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe, are, by the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King

Charles the Second, and by subsequent Arts, required to be imported into Great Britain in Ships or VeU

fels, which, before the Firil Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, did truly and without Fraud wholly belong to His Majesty's Dominions, or which are the Built of His Majesty's Dominions, and registered respectively according to Law; or in Ships or Vessels the Built of any Countries or Places in Europe, belonging to or under the Dominion of the Sovereign or State in Europe, of which the said Goods or Commodities so enumerated or described as aforesaid, are the Growth, Production or Manufacture respectively, or of such Ports where the said Goods can only be or are moil usually iirft shipped for Trans-

portation, such Ships or Vessels being navigated with a Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners at the lead belonging to such Countries or Places or Ports respectively, and in none other Ships or Vessels whatever, under the like Penalty of the Forfeiture of any such Goods or Commodities as shall be imported contrary thereto, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the said Goods are imported: And whereas it is expedient, in order to carry into Effect the Provisions of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation*. 4 concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal, signed at Rio de Janiero the Nineteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and ten, that so much of the said re-

cited Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, and any other Act or Acts of Parliament as may prohibit Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth*. 4 Produce or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Crown of Portugal, which are not prohibited by Law to be imported from other Foreign Countries, from being imported from the said Dominions or Territories in Ships or Vessels the Built of the said Territories or Dominions, or captured by any Ship or Vessel of War of the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Vessel having Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the said Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admi-

ralty of the said Government, such Ship or Vessel being owned by Subjects of the said Government* and navigated with a Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners at the lead, belonging to the Territories or Domi-4. nions of the said Government, on Forfeiture of such Goods, and of the Ships and Vessels in which the fame

- 4 may be imported, should be repealed; and that such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and the Vessels so»

importing the fame, should not be subject to Forfeiture on account of such Importation Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and' So much of re- Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, front, cited A. t or any and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of otlitr Art nv His }ate Majesty King Charles the Stcond, and any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately' Oo^dTof the before the passing of this Act, as may prohibit any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce

Produce of or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, which are not prohibited by

Portugal, .&o. Law to be imported from other Foreign Countries to be imported into this Kingdom, or the Islands of Guern-10 be imported, fey or Jersey, in Ships or Vessels the Built of the said Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, or repealei. taken by any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Vessel be-

longing. to any of the Inhabitants of any of the Territories or Dominions aforesaid, and registered according to^ Law, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said Government, such Ship or Vessel so importing being owned by Subjects of the said Government, and navigated with a Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners at the lealt, Subjects of the said Government, on Forfeiture of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and also of the Ship or Vessel in which the fame may be imported; shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown, of Portugal, which arc not prohibited by Law to be imported into this Kingdom, or the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, from other foreign. Countries, shall and may be imported into this Kingdom, and the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey direct from any such Territories or Dominions, in any Ship or Vessel built in any of the said Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, or taken by any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the Territories or Dominions aforesaid, or having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the said Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said Government, and owned by the Subjects of such Government or any of them, and whereof the Mailer and Three'Fourths of the Mariners at lead are Subjects of such Government, and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall and may be entered and landed upon Payment of the Duties, and subject to the Conditions and Regulations herein after mentioned; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes so imported directly into this Kingdom from any of the said Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal in such Portuguese

Payment of cer- Ships or Vessels, so owned and navigated as are hereinbefore particularly mentioned and described, shall and tain Duties. may enlercl] ancj landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description upon their Importation into this Kingdom from any other foreign Country in BrUifh-h\i\\x. Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; and in Cases where different Duties are imposed upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description so imported from different foreign Countries, then upon Payment of

6 the

Ooorlfr of the Production of Portugal, may be imported in Portuguese Vessels, &c.

fluch Goods ro«y be landed on

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

C-47- 375

the lowed Duties which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in British-built Ships or Vessels of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any foreign Country.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Elephants* Teeth and Ivory into this Flephrmts'[>etk

Kingdom from any of the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal \* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and , vory17 may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom Elephants* Teeth and Ivory from any of bo in, l, ortt the said Dominions, either in British-bu\\\. Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to

Law, or in such Portuguese Ships or Vessels as are in this Act before mentioned and described, and owned and

navigated in the manner hereinbefore also mentioned and described, notwithstanding such Elephants* Teeth or Ivory may not be of the Produce of any of the Dominions of the Crown of Portugal; and such Elephants*

Teeth or Ivory so imported may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties only as are due and payable on such Ai tides when imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; any thing contained in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, iaCar.0. c. 18. An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of 31 G. 3. c. 38.

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's §1.

Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between

His Majesty's aid Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies 5 and also an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, IFares and Merchandize in the Ports o/*Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucca in the //land of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Rofea in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Naflail in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regular tions and Rcjlridions, as prohibits the Importation of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Wafts,

Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles and Lumber of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit,

Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley ami Grain of any Sort, being of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Crown of Portugal, from being imported di-redtly from any such Territories or Dominions into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies (in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermudas or Somer Islands are included) in British-built Ships or Vessels, flnll he, and the fame is hereby repealed. in part repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Per- importation of son or Persons to import or bring into any of the said West India Islands any of the said Goods in British-built Goods of Prrtu-Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in no other Ships or Vessels what- galin South ever, such Goods being of the Growth or Production of some of the Territories or Dominions belonging to

the Crown of Portugal in South America> and imported into the said Islands directly from the said Territories 1 6 e n , es* or Dominions; the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by the Twentieth Article of the said Treaty, it is stipulated, that all Articles the acthArt.

Growth and Produce of Brazil and all other Parts of the Portuguese Dominions, may be received and ware- Treaty.

housed in all the Ports of His Majesty's Dominions which shall be by Law appointed to be warehousing Ports for those Articles; Be it therefore enacted, That Sugar, Coffee, Cotton, Wool, the Growth or Produce of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, or any other Goods the Growth or Produce of the said Territories or Dominions which are enumerated or described in the Table marked (A.) an- Goods of Por-nexed to an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for bT^A^of permitting certain Goods imported into this Kingdom to be secured in IVarchcuf s without Payment of Duty, and q i"i

which shall be legally imported according to the Pro\ilions of this Act directly from the said Territories or mav bc tecured"

Dominions, shall and may be secured in the Warehouses belonging to the Wcji India Dock Company, or in in Warohpufes the Warehouses belonging to the London Dock Company in the Port of London, or in such Warehouses at any before Pay incut of the oHter Ports of this Kingdom, as shall have been or shall be approved for the Reception of Goods of °* ^uly* the like Denomination or Description when legally imported from the West Indies, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid, Application being made for that Purpose in the usual and accustomed manner to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland respectively by the Owners, Proprietors or Consignees of such Goods; and all such Goods so secured in any of the said Warehouses respectively shall have the fame Benefits, and shall be subject and liable to .he same Rules, Regulations,

Conditions, Securities and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures to which Goods of the like Denomination or Description when so imported and warehoused are now subject and liable by any J^dt or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares or Merchandize so imported into this Kingdom Good Co iro- from any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, shall, upon the Exportation thereof r<wted enutlrd from this Kingdom, be entitled to the fame Drawbacks as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, to rau m 0, 1 Ware* and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description when exported from this Kingdom; and that there shall be allowed and paid the fame Drawbacks and Bounties on Goode, Wares and Merchandize exported from this Kingdom to the said Territories or Dominions, as are allowed by Law upon the Exportation of

Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description to any of the Islands, Plantations or Colonies belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in America.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no higher or greater Duties or Imposts under the Denomination of Charge* for Port Charges, Tonnage and Anchorage Duties, shall be paid or demanded on Behalf of His Majesty, his

Ilcirs or Successors, in any of the Ports of the United Kingdom, for Ships or Vessels owned by the Subjects^ ur

3 C 2 of

Expoitaiion.

376

Proviso for the Righrs of the City of London, See.

Be nds for Payment of Difference between High and Low Duty vacated.

48 G. 3. C. 11.

48 G. 3. c. 109.

repealed.

Continuance, See.

Importation of Hum into Canada*

R*2i)l«ions.

Certificate of Affida\it made to certain Particulars delivered to Collectcr of Customs, See.

C. 47, 48. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 181 r»

of the Crown of Portugal> than are by Law due and payable for Ships and Vessels owned by His Majesty's Subjects; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in any wile alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within this Kingdom, or to any Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, or to repeal, or in any wise alter any special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Lav/, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds to His Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, entered into iince the Ratification of the said Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, for Payment of the Difference between the High Duty on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and the Low Duty chargeable thereon, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be vacated and discharged, and no further Duty shall be demanded or paid upon the Articles for which any such Bond may have been given to His Majesty.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Two Acts passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one, An Act for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America in Portuguese Ships; and the other, An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America; shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force during the Continuance of the said Treaty with His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal; and shall and may, if necessary, be altered and varied during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, ter

be imported into Lower Canada from Nova Scotia and New Brutifwick, and the Islands of Cape

Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland.

[3 1st May 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient under certain Regulations to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies to be imported into Lower Canada,

from any of the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswieh, the Island of Cape Bretont Prince Edward's 4 Island, and the Island of Newfoundland, on Payment of the fame Rate of Duty as if the fame had been

imported directly from any of His Majesty's said Sugar Colonies in the West Indies; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, legally and directly imported into any or either of the said Provinces or Islands in North America, from the said Sugar Colonies, or from the Island of Bermuda, n ay be exported from any or either of the said Provinces or Islands to the Province of Lower Canada, and landed and admitted to an Entry upon the Payment of the fame Rate of Duty as if the fame had been imported directly from any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies.

II. And, to prevent the Importation of Foreign Rum and Spirits into Lower Canada, under Pretence that the same are the Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, be it enacted, That every Person or Persons loading on board any Ship or Vessel in any of the said Provinces of Nova Scotia, New Brunswicl, the Island of Cape Breton, or Prince Edward's Island, or the Island of Newfoundland, any Rum or Spirits as of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, in order to be exported from thence to Lower Canada, shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, produce ancf deliver to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Custom3 at the Loading Port, his or their Affidavit, or that of his or their Agent or Factor, signedand sworn to before some Justice of the Peace in the Province or Iflar.d-where the same shall be shipped, expressing in Words at Length and not in Figures, the Number and Content or Contents of the Casks or other Packages containing the Rum or other Spirits; also from what Colony or Plantation the fame were imported, by whom, and the time when such Importation took place, which Affidavit shall be attested by the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace to have been sworn to in his Prefecce, who-is hereby required to do the fame without Fee or Reward; and the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs to whom such Affidavit shall be delivered shall thereupon grant to the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vesselin which the same shall be loaden, a Certificate under his Hand and Seal of Office (without Fee or Reward), of his having received such Affidavit pursuant to the Directions of this Act, and that it thereby appeared that such Rum or other Spirits was or were legally imported into the said Province or Island, as the case may be, as of the Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, and such Certificate shall express the Number and Content or Contents of the Calks or other Packages containing the Rumor other Spirits so shipped on board such Ship or Vessel.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at the Port of her Discharge in the Province of Lower Canada, the Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of the said Ship or Vessel, shall, at the time of making the Report of his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs of such Port, and make Oath before him, which Oath such Officer ii hereby authorized and required to adrainifter, that the Rum or other Spirits so reported, arc the fame that are

*1 mentioned

A.D. 1811.

ji° GEORGII III.

C. 48 — ji. 377

mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate 5 and if any Rum or other Spirits shall be imported or found on board any such Ship or Vessel for which no such Certificate shall be produced, or which shall not agree therewith, the same shall be deemed and taken to be foreign Rum and Spirits, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in all respects as Rum or other Spirits of the Produce or Manufacture of any foreign Colony or Plantation is or are subject and liable to by Law*

[31st May 1811.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities#

CAP. L.

An Act to allow a greater Number of Sheep to be carried from England to the Isle of Man, than are now permitted by Law* [31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS it has been found by Experience that the limited Number of live Sheep allowed by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Jin A cl for the further

Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Itte of Man; for improving the Revenue thereof; and for the more tjfedual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said If and, to be exported from England to the Ife

of Man, under Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs, is not sufficient for the Use of the said Itte Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I.ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Three of them, to grant Licence in the manner in the said recited Act prescribed, to remain in force for One Month from the Date thereof, for the Exportation from the Port of Liverpool, or the Port of Whitehaven, ' into the Port of Douglas or Ramsey in the Ife of Man, any Number of live Sheep, not exceeding Three hundred in the whole, from the said Ports of Liverpool and Whitehaven in any One Year; which Exportation shall in every respect be subject and liable to the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act, and also of the Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Lavas now in Iting for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and Lambs, Wool, Woolf els, Mortlings, Short lings. Tarn and Worfed Gruels, Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures or pretended Manufactures made of Wool fight ly wrought up or otherwise put together, so as the fame may be reduced to and made use of as Wool again, Mattrajfes or Bedsfujfed with Combed Wool, or Woolft for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the If a of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, into foreign Parts; and for rendering more eft dual an Act pafed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Winding of Wool.

38 G. 3. c. 63# §9.

CommifTonetV of Customs may grant Licence for Exportation of 300 Sheep Yearly.

a8 G. 3. c. 38.

CAP. LI.

An Act for aboKlhing the Duties of the Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for confirming an 50 G. 3. c.ioi,

Agreement for the Purchase of the Primage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland; entered into by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, and the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde

' and OJfory, and his Trustees, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's G*3* c*94«

Reign: And whereas, under and by virtue of the said Act and of the Provisions thereof, the said Duty ' of Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, hath become and now is fully and absolutely vetted in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and it is expedient that the fame should be abolished Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Uutv of Priz.igd from and after One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act, the said Duty of Prizage and Butlerage of v^, es in*lre« Wines brought into all or any Port, Haven, Creek, River or other Place in Ireland, ana all Compositions, land to ceale. Duties and other Payments in lieu or on account of such Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland, or in any Part thereof, shall ccafe, determine and be no longer payable; any Law, Usage, Custom, Contractor other Matter to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in (his Act contained shall extend, or be in any Duties incurred wile deemed, taken or construed to extend, to prevent the receiving or levying all and every such Duty Which recovered*

shall have become due at any time prior to the said Period of One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act; but that as to all such Duties as shall so become due, it (li&ll and may be lawful to receive and apply the fame, and in case of Nonpayment thereof to raise, levy and enforce the Payment thereof, and to use all such and the fame Remedies and Proceedings for that Purpose in the same manner and in all respects as if this Act bad not passed.

378 c*52>53>54<

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

50G. 3. C. 4*.

S 9-

Colletors of Customs to retain Money for defraying Expence* attending Government, Set of Isle of Man, and remit Resid tie to Receiver General.

Carried to Consolidated .Fund.

50 G. 3. c. 42.

iich. A.

Duty of 15l. under recited Act charged.

CAP. LII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the IJfle of Matiy and for placing the fame under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England.

[31st May 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the life of Man, and for placing the fame under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England, all Sums of Money received under the Authority of that Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, are required to be*remitted to the Receiver General and Cashier of the Customs in England, to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and such Part thereof as shall remain after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said Ife of Man, and the Administration of Justice there, and all other Charges are from time to time defrayed, are directed to go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: And whereas great Inconvenience and Delay will attend this Mode of obtaining the requisite Sums of Money for defraying the said Expences and Charges in Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any or the Col-leftors of the Customs in the Ife of Man appointed to receive the Duties imposed by the said recited Act shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, agreeably to such Directions as shall from time to time be given for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, to retain such Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands as may be sufficient to defray the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said Ife of Mant and the Administration of Justice there, and other Charges incurred in the said Isle, which have heretofore been or may hereafter be deemed fit and proper Charges to be deducted from and paid out of the Duties of Customs collected in the said Ife of Man, and also for the Purpose of defraying any Bounties that may be due by Law upon Herrings caught by the Inhabitants of the said Ife of Man, and upon the Amount of the said Expences, Charges and Bounties, being ascertained, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any hour or more of them, are hereby authorized to direct the same to be paid out of the said Monies so retained to such Person or Persons as may be entitled to receive the same; and the Residue of the said Monies arising from Duties of Customs in the Hands of the said Collectors, after paying such Expences, Charges and Bounties, shall be remitted to the Receiver General of the Customs in England, to be paid into tKe Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer for the Purpose of being carried to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And whereas in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the said recited Act, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, not thereinbefore charged with Duty, imported from any Port or Place from whence such Goods may lawfully be imported into the Ife of Man, are charged with a Duty of Fifteen Pounds, and which said Fifteen Pounds was intended to be imposed for every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, but the Words for every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof are omitted Be it enacted, That the said Duty of Fifteen Pounds shall be deemed to have been chargeable and shall be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the Value of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, not thereinbefore charged with Duty, being imported from any Port or Place from whence such Goods may lawfully be imported into the said Ife of Man; which shall have been so imported flnee the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ten, or shall hereafter be so imported, notwithstanding the Words for every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof were omitted in the said Schedule.

CAP. LIII.

An Act: for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[31st May 1811.]

44 TREASURY empowered to raise 6, oooo, ocol. by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. r. 1. 44 — §1, 2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. $ 3. Principal of said Bills charged on first Supplies of next Session. f 4. Interest thereon of 3 [d. per Cent, per Diem. §5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1812. — $ 6. Bank of England empowered to advance 6, oooo, ooool. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 £5* 6 IV. & M. c. 20. — §7.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britaitiy for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[31st May 1811.]

f On the like Terms as under c. 53. ante.]

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

C. 55, 56.

379

CAP. LV.

An Act for abolishing the Superannuation Fund in the Department of the Customs, and for transferring the same to the Head of Consolidated Customs, and for authorising the Payment of all retired Allowances on that Department out of Consolidated Customs.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS a Fund has long been established under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, for the Benefit of aged and infirm or disabled Officers, called the

Superannuation Fund, which has been partly supported by the Contributions of the Officers of the said

Revenue, and partly by the Application of the Fees paid in respect of Offices in the Customs vacant or

abolished to that Purpose: And whereas the granting and paying Allowances or Compensations in the

nature of Superannuation or retired Allowance, or Reward to Persons in respect of their having held any

Public Office or Employment, or been engaged in any Public Service, is regulated and controlled by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to dirc3 that Accounts of Increase and Diminution 50 G. 3; c. 117.

4 of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and

controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances; and it being expedient that the said Fund should be abolished, and that the Monies constituting the fame whether inverted in the Public Funds, or remaining in the Hands of any Person whomsoever as Monies received on account of Fees and Emoluments of Offices in the Customs vacant and abolished, or from Contributions to the said Fund,

should be carried to the Account of Consolidated Customs, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under that Head, and that all Payments, Pensions and Superannuation, or retired Allowances, to Persons in respect of their having held any Office or Employment in the Customs, should in future be paid out of Consolidated Customs, and be charged to the Account of Incidents of that Department* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Contribution Supertnmmiou

or Subscription shall be taken or received from any Officer or Person in the Service of His Majesty's Customs, Fund abolished.

on account or towards the Support of the said Fund; and that, from and after the said Fifth Day of January

One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Fund shall be abolished, and that all Monies that have been Money paid ovm

received either as Contributions to the said Fund, or as Fees or Emoluments of Offices in the Customs abo- to Receiver Ge-

lished and vacant, and which Monies have been either vested in the Purchase of Stock Handing in the Books neralof Customt,

of the Bank of England, in the Names of Richard Frewin, William Roe and Francis Fownei Luttrell, lt

Enquires* Trustees of the said Fund, or in the Names of Richard Frewin, William Roe and Augujlu: Pechell, ° ^er*

Esquires, or remain in the Hands of any Persons or Person whatever, shall be paid over to the Receiver

General of His Majesty's Customs in England\ and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under

the Head of Consolidaied Customs, for which Purpose the said Trustees are hereby authorized ana required

to fell the said Stock, and that all Monies that shall or may have been received or may hereafter be received

by any Person or Persons whatever, as such Contributions and as Fees or Emoluments of Offices in the

Customs abolished and vacant, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come into the Hands of any such Person or Persons, shall be paid to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs in England, and by

him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Confoudated Customs 5 and that all Pay- Pensions and All

ments, Pensions and Superannuations, or retired Allowances to Persons, in respect of their having held any fewances paid in1

Office or Offices, or Employment or Employments in the Customs, heretofore paid out of the said Fund, future out of

or charged on the King's Share of Seizures, shall be paid out of Consolidated Customs, and be charged to Custom*2

the Account of the Incidents of the Customs; : any Law, Customor Usage to the contrary notwith- u

Handing.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to act maybe re-be made in this present Session of Parliament. pealed, Sec.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to grant additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland.

[lolh June 1811.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjjeds, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Additional Duty there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon on Tobacco mi-every Pound Weight of Tobacco which, at any time from and after the First Day of June One thousand nufactured m eight hundred and eleven, shall be manufactured in Ireland in any manner, to be charged on the Person Irr aa'manufacturing the fame or taking any Part thereof out of the original Package, for the whole Quantity contained in such Package (as expressed in the Permit by virtue of which the Package was conveyed to the Manufacturer) at the time when the same shall be opened, an Excise Duty of Eight Pence British Currency,

in.

Duty payable on Tobacco not taken out of original Package.

Returns of such Tobacco made and Duty paid.

[Penalty.]

Duty carried to

Coriolidated Fund of Irel.ind.

Duties and Penalties how levied, &c.

14 & 15 Car. 2. {I.) Sefl*. 4. c 8.

46 G. y. c. 106.

may be repealed, ecc.

47 G. 3. SdT. 2. c. 10. §1.

§2.

extended toJ oneues, Hams and Bacon faked in Ireland, &c.

C. 56, 57. 5i° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

in addition to all other Duties of Customs or Excise now payable on any such Tobacco, under or by virtue of any Act or Adlf. in force in Ireland.

II. And be it further epa&pd, That the said Inland or Excise Duty on Tobacco imposed by this Act shall be payable on all Tobacco not taken out of the original Package which shall be in the Hands of any-Manufactureer or Manufactureers or other Person or Persons in Ireland at any time on or after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall be a Charge on such Manufacturer or Manufactureers, or on the Person or Persons taking such Tobacco out of the original Package, at the time when such Tobacco or any Part thereof shall be so taken out; and the Surveyors, Gaugers or other Officers of the Revenue, shall, within Ten Days after the passing of this Act, make Return or Reports in Writing to the Collectors in their respective Dillridts of such Duty as shall have then become due and payable by virtue of this Act, and of the Persons chargeable therewith in such District respectively; and that such Returns or Reports shall be a Charge on all such Persons, and shall be paid by such Persons to the Collector of the District within Seven Days after any such Return or Report, or in Default thereof all such Tobacco shall be forfeited and seized, and every Manufactureer or Person who shall make Default therein shall, for every such Default, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and also One Shilling for every Pound Weight of Tobacco contained in such original Package.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges of collecting and paying the fame being dedudied, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consoli-.dated Fund of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act granted and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied iji such manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His

his Heirs or Succ/fJors, according to the Book of Rates therein inf rted; cr in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the letter Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revetiuesy Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioner s of Customs and port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Culloras and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or AdU to be made in this jpresent Session of Parliament.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from Ireland.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, W An Act for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from Ireland, it is enacted, that no Duty ( whatever shall be paid or payable on the Export fr.om Ireland to any Place whatever of any fahed Beef or Pork salted in Ireland, but that all Beef ana Pork faked in Ireland shall and may be exported free to any Place whatever, and without Payment of ajiy Custom, Subsidy or Duty whatsoever; and that upon the ' Exportation from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain, of any Beef or Pork salted in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed to the Exporters of such Beef or Pork'an Allowance or Bounty in the Nature' 4 of a Drawback for and in respect of the Duties charged upon the Salt used in salting of such Beef or Pork, after the Rate of Ten Pence for each and every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof; and it is expedient ' that the Provisions of the said Act should extend to Tongues, Hams and Bacon salted in Ireland p Be it therefore enacted b.y the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the pafllngof this Act, all the Clauses, Provisions, Rules and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, shall extend and i>e construed to extend to all Tongues, Hams and Bacon fahed in Ireland, and exported from thence, and that such Tongues, Hams and Bacon shall and may be exported free to any Place whatever; and that on the Exportation of any such Tongues, Hams or Bacon f?om Ireland, to any Place except Great Britan, such and the like Amount of Allowance or Bounty in the Nature of Drawback, shall be paid and allowed to the Exporter thereof, and in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as by the said recited Act is provided with respect to Beef and Pork falttd in Ireland, and as if Tongues, Hams and Bacon had been mentioned in the said recited Act.

A.D. 181 k*

51 GEORGII III.

C. 58* 381

CAP. Lvm.

An Act to allow the free Importation between Great Britain and Ireland of Home-made Chocolate; to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland, so long as the same shall be prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain Duties on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS a Duty of Two Shillings is imposed by Law in Great Britain, for every Pound Weight

Avoirdupois of Irish Cocoa, Cocoa Paste or Chocolate imported into Great Britain, and an equivalent Drawback of Two Shillings is allowed on Chocolate of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ireland, but no Duty or Drawback whatever is imposed or allowed in Ireland on the Importation of Chocolate of the Manufacture of Great Britain, or on the Exportation to Great Britain of Chocolate of the Manufacture of Ireland: And whereas by the Law9 in force in Great Britain the Importation of Cho-

colate from foreign Parts is prohibited in Great Britain: And whereas it is delirable to allow a free Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland of Chocolate made in either Country, without Duty or Drawback on the Import and Export thereof from the one Country to the other, and to prohibit the Import of Cho-

colate into Ireland from foreign Parts beyond the Sea, and that the Duties on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland should be assimilated to those in Great Britain 3* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Duties imposed and payable by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act upon Chocolate of the Manufacture of Ireland, or upon Irish Cocoa, Cocoa Palle, or Chocolate imported into Great Britain, and all Drawbacks payable or allowable by virtue of any such Act or Acts on Chocolate of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to Ireland, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable or allowed or allowable respectively; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary not-with (landing.

II. And whereas Chocolate not being of the Manufacture of Ireland is prohibited by Law from being imported into Great Britain 3* Be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during such time as the Importation of foreign Chocolate shall be prohibited in Great Britain, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into Ireland any Chocolate whatever, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain; and that if any Person shall import or bring into any Part of Ireland any Chocolate not being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, all such Chocolate shall be forfeited and may be seized; any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for, upon and in respect of every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland, the several and respective Sums and Duties of Customs following; that is to (ay.

Of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Ireland, the Sum of Two Shillings and Two Pence British Currency:

Of Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and imported into Ireland according to Law, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence British Currency:

Of all other Cocoa Nut9 imported into Ireland, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence British Currency:

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

Which Duties shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties payable in Ireland upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the pamng of this Act; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, upon the Exportation of Cocoa Nuts from Ireland a Drawback after the Rate of Two Shillings and Two Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof shall be paid and allowed, in like manner and under such Rules and Regulations as Drawbacks are payable in other cases; and that upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of any Chocolate made in Ireland of Cocoa Nuts which shall have been imported into Ireland, and for which the above Duties shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty, in the nature of a Drawback, of Two Shillings British Currency for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of any such Chocolate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties and Drawbacks hereby granted and allowed, and all Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, allowed and applied, and be recovered and recoverable in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such way# and methods, and under such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, allowing and applying or recovering of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into and exported from Ireland respectively, and of all Forfeitures in respect thereof in and by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectualljr to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and from the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by any such Act or Acts as aforesaid is given and provided.

51 Geo. III. 3 D CAP.

Duties and Drawbacks out Chocohre of Home Manufacture, &c. to cease.

None but Chocolate of British Manufacture to be imported into Ireland.

Duties on Importation of Cocoa Nuts into Ireland.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

Duties and Drawbacks and Forfeitures hoqr levied and paid.

382

59*

5*f GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Duties on Wafti and Spirits.

Duties.

Proviso for Wash roaJe undrr Regulations of 28 G.3 c. 46.

and 45 G. 3. c. loo; and Tor Spirit* secured in Ware tioufes under

43 G. 3. c. 132.

C.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Wash and other Liquors used in the Distillation of Spirits 5 and on foreign Spirits imported.

[10th June 1811.]

Mo (I Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great BrU tarn and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray Your Majesty's necessary Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confers of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all Duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the several additional Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say, For every Gallon of Wort or Wafti brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Hopie Confmnp-tion from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame, which (halt not be actually distilled into Spirits ou or before the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Four Pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon EngJish Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland, and brought from thence into England, an additional Duty of Two Shillings:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of all such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum, over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an additional Duty of Two Shillings; and also a further additional Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten oyer Hydrometer Proof:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of all Wort or Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scoh land, other than the Highland District, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, from any M$lt, Corn or Grain, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Four Pence:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of all Wort or Wash brewed or made in the Highland District of Scotland, from Barley, Beer or Bigg, the Growth of the said Highland District, or from Malt made from Oats or Barley, Beer or Bigg, the Growth of the said Highlands, for extiaftiqg Spirits for Consumption in the said District, which shall not be actually distilled into Spirits on or before the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or brewed or made after that Day, an additional Duty of Three Pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength made or distilled from Corn or Grain in England', and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, an additional Countervailing Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence Farthing:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, which, shall be distilled or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an additional Countervailing Duty of One Shilling and Eleven Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon all such Spirits as, last aforesaid, above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Duty in proportion to the last mentioned Duty; and for and upon all such of the said Spirits as shall be sweeteoed or compounded a like Duty, computed upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits can be made:

For all R um, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita ox Strong Waters (except Rum the Produce of the British Plantations) imported into Great Britain, and for which the Duties chargeable thereon shall not have been paid on the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or imported after that Day, an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum upon th^ Produce and Amount of the several Duties of Excise imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of Two Acts, the one thereof made in the Twenty eighth, and the other thereof made in the Forty*fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extracting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, under and according to the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of the said last mentioned Acts for extracting Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation from thence to England, shall be charged or*chargeable with any Duty or Duties by this Act imposed; nor shall any Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, and lodged and secured under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in any Warehouse or Warehouses under the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions required and provided by an Act made in the Forty third Ye^r of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting

certain

A.D. 181 i. 51° GEORGII III. C. 59.

ter tarn Goods Imported Into Great Britain, to be fecttred in Warehouse without Pay men f of Duty, and which shall, be taken out for Exportation according to the Rules, Regulations and Reltri6tion9 of the said lad mentioned ABt, without Payment of Duty, be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties by this Act impeded 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Person or Persons (half, in that Part of Great Britain called England, make use of any Still of less Capacity or Content than Three thousand Gallons for the Extradion or Dillillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, on Pain of Forfeiture for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no Person or Persons (tiall be subject or liable to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his, her or their making or distilling Spirits in any Still of a Capacity or Content less than Three thousand Gallons, and which he, she or they shall, within Three Years immediately preceding the passing of this Act, have had in his, her or their entered Distillery, and which lad mentioned Still shall have been by him, her or them, within such Three Years, used, employed and duly entered for the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar $ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Wash Still after the working thereof shall be commenced and been begun for or in the Extradion or Dillillation of Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, shall be presumed to be kept regularly in work for and in the Extradion and Distillation of Spirits, either from such Worts or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, as the case may require, for the Space of Three Calendar Months successively at the lead, to be computed from the Day of the actual Commencement of such Working thereof; and no Person or Persons who shall have begun to work any Wash Still for or in the Extradion or Dillillation of Low Wines or Spirits, either from Wort dr Wash, brewed or made frorri Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Wort or Wash, brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, (halt be at Liberty to dHcontinue or withdraw the Entry of any such Still after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, until the Expiration of the said Term of Three Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That every entered Wash Still, belonging to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Consumption, from-Wort or Waflk brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, as the case may require, during the time the same shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been charged with Wash, brewed or maae either from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, as the case may require, in the Proportion of Three Parts in Four of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the average Rates herein after expressed and specified; that is to say, For such time or times as such Wash Still shall be worked betwixt the Fifteenth Day of November include, in any one Year, and the Fifteenth Day of May exclusive, in the next succeedino Year, every such Wash Still shall be presumed to have been charged with Wash, brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain, or from Melasses or Sugar, afc the case may require, at the average Rate of Five Times in every Week at the lead; and for such time or times as the same shall be worked betwixt the said Fifteenth Day of May inclusive in any one Year, and the Fifteenth Day of November exclafive in the same Year, every such Wash Still shall be presumed td have been charged with such Wash, as the case may require, at the average Rate of Four Times in every Week at the lead; and that every entered Wash Still belonging to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Engl and> for Home Consumption, from Wort Or Wash, brewed or made from Malt, Cdrn or Grain, or from Melasses or Stig^r during thfe rime the same shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been charged with such Wafti, as the case may require, in the Proportion of Three Parts in Fdur, of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the respective average Rates aforesaid s Provided always nev^rtheless, that if it shall at any time be made appear Dy sufficient Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them in England, (the Sufficiency of such Proof being left to the Judgment of the said Commissioners)that the Difference or Excess in the Amount of the presumptive Charges of the Still, beyond the Quantity of Wort, Wafti or other Liquor actually produced to the Sight of the Officer, was occassioned or shall have arisen by unavoidable Necessity, and that all the Wort, Wain and other Liquor worked off at such Wash Still was bona fide produced to the Sight of the Officer, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to grant to the Owner or Owners of such Wash Still, such Relief as shall m their Judgment be reasonable and just.

VI. And be it farther enabled, That the several and respective Duties by this or any former Act imposed, for or in respect of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland for Home Consumption, whether the said Duties be imposed upon the Content Or Capacity of the Still or upon the Quantity of Wafti, brewed or made for the Extrad ion of Spirits or upon the Spirits distilled or computed to be distilled, shall be payable and paid by each and every Distiller at and after the following Rates; that is to say. Every Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay at and after the Rate of Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits of the Stiftftgth of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, by such DHUner Brewed or made in the said Lowlands, from Malt, Corn or Grain, for Consumption in Scotland; and

iJiftiMer in the Highlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay at and after the Rate of Fifteen Oalfcnk of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of such Wo»t or Wash, by such Distiller brewed or mride in the said Highlands, froni Malt, Corn or Grain, for Consumption in the said Highlands; and every such Distiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits in maimefr following; that is to

3 D*fry.

3*3

Contents of Stifle

al!on*e<l in England in Ditliiiu-tion

[Penalty.]

Exception.

Stills presumed to be kept regu» l.»rty at Work for Three Calendar Month!

Stills presumed to have been charged n ith Wash after the Rates herein raentioued.

If Excess in Amount of preemptive Charges beyond Quantityariually produced arises from unavoidable Nccetfitv, Relief.

Rates for Distillers in Scotland for Home Cou-fumpiion.

In what cat* Licences to Distillers in the Highlands to ceal'e.

Dealer in Scotland removing Spirits.

Permit to express the Strength. Penalty.

How often Officers of Excise in Scotland, to take Account i>f Stock of Dealers.

Excess.

[Penalty.]

Duties under Commissioners of Excise.

How Duties levied, &c.

Duty added to Spirits delivered under Contrail made before

May 10, I$II.

C. 59. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

say, for Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such his, her or their Wort or Wash, from Malt, Corn or Grain, distilled in the said Lowlands; and for Fifteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such his, her or their Wort or Wash, from Malt, Corn or Grain distilled in the said Highlands; any thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits, a Quantity of Wort or Wa/h from Malt, Barley, Beer or Bigg sufficient to produce Seventy five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence in that Behalf granted to such Distiller in the said Highlands, computing Fifteen Gallons of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash, then and in every such Case, the Liaence of such Distiller to make or distil Spirits from Malt, Barley, Beer or Bigg, in the said Highlands, shall cease and determine and be no longer in force.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no Dealer in Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall send out or remove from his or her Stock or Custody, nor shall any such Dealer or other Person in Scotlandreceive into his or her Stock or Custody for Home Consumption, any British Spirits; unless the Permit or Permits accompanying the same shall truly express the Strength of all such Spirits at the time of the Removal thereof; and all Spirits so removed, sent out or received, unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit or Permits, expressing the Strength thereof, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and each and every Person so fending out or receiving the fame, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, to which he or she is or may be liable in or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Act, for or in respect of the fending out or removing of any Spirits whatsoever without a true and lawful Permit; any thing in this or in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise in Scotland, having under his Survey the Stock or Stocks of any entered Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, shall, once in every Thirty Days at the least, or oftener if necessary, take an accurate and true Account of the Quantity and Strength of all British Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of every such Dealer, and shall compute the same to the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and if after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted since the last reckoning of the Stock of such Dealer, computing the fame at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in the Possession of such Dealer shall exceed the Quantity for which he shall have Credit in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Credit shall have arisen from what was on hand at the last preceding Reckoning, or from what may have been lawfully received subsequent thereto, each and every such Excess shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits received without Permit, and a Quantity of Spirits equal thereto shall and may be seized out of any Part of the Stock of such Dealer by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Dealer in whose Stock such Excess shall be found shall in respect thereof be subject and liable to all the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which Persons receiving Spirits unaccompanied with a true and lawful Permit are or may be liable in or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That such of the additional Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several additional Duties by this Act imposed shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the General or Special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties of Excise, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, col-kded and paid, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, for or in respect whereof the said additional Duties respectively are by this Act imposed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares^Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any Ad or Act of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, committed again! or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament for securing the Duties of Excise, or any of them, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions, therein contained, shall and the fame ref pet lively are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several additional Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XII. And whereas Handing Contracts may have been made before the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, by licensed Distillers and Makers of Spirits, for British Spirits to be delivered after that Day; and Handing Contracts may have been also made before that Day, by licensed Dealers in Spirits for foreign Spirits, for or in respect whereof an additional Duty is by this Act imposed, to be delivered after that Day; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every such licensed Distillers and Makers of Spirits, delivering such British Spirits after the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of the Wort or Wain from whence such British Spirits were extracted or made, to

the

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III. C. 59, 60, 61. 385

the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand, recover and be paid the fame accordingly; and all and every such licensed Dealers in Spirits, delivering such foreign Spirits after that Day, in pursuance of any such Contract, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duties by this Act imposed, and which such Dealer or Dealers shall actually have paid for or in respect of such foreign Spirits, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to demand, recover and be paid the fame accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said additional Duties (the necessary Application off Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt Duties, of His Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said respective additional Duties and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever, and the said Monies shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament*

CAP. LX.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Stamps on Hats made in Ireland, and on Licences to Persons to manufacture Hats, or to utter or vend Hats in Ireland, and all Regulations for securing the said Duties.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS certain Duties of Stamps are payable on Hats made in Ireland, and on Licences to Persons 4 W to manufacture Hats, and on Licences to Persons to utter or vend Hats in Ireland; and the Collection of such Duties is regulated by certain Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, and it is expedient that the said Duties and Regulations should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act made in the Forty third Year 43 0.3. c. 22. of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to repealed. Persons felling Hats, and on Hals sold by Retail in Ireland; and also so much of an Act made in the Forty 47 G. 3. Sess. i. seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the federal Duties under the Care of c. 50. in pan the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu

thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, as imposes any Duty on any Licence,

to any Person so manufacturing any Hats or to utter or vend any Hats in any Place in Ireland; and also so 46 G.$. c. 64.

much of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the In Part

several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment

and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Laws relating to

the Stamp Duties in Ireland, as authorizes the granting Licences to any Persons to manufacture Hats or to

fell Hats by Retail, or the receiving any Statements or the granting any Permits for removing Hats; and 47 G. 3. Sess. 2.

also so much of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to C, I4»" P111

repeal certain Duties of Esccife, and also certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp, Duties re^a e

infteu thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, as imposes any Duty on any

Hats uttered, vended or sold, by any Person or Persons in Ireland, or authorizes the granting of any Licence

to fell Hats by Wholesale, or requires any Bond to be given by Persons licensed to manufacture or fell Hats,

or by Persons importing Hats for Sale, or imposes any Penalties on Persons refusing or neglecting to enter

into such Bond, or as requires any Permit or Permits for the Removal of Hats, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and all such Duties shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and shall be no longer paid or payable 5 and the said Regulations, or any Regulations for the like Purpose in any other Act or Acts for the Purpose of collecting or regulating the said Duties, shall be no longer put in Effect;

the said recited Acts, or any thing in them or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland,

contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for charging the Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification 01 a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Loan raised for the Service of Great Britain for the present 4 \V Year, should be charged upon the several Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, except

the Duties granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting 46 G. 3. c. 6j*. 4 to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on

Profits

386

43 G 3. c. 81.

46G. 3. C. 39.

47 G. 3. ScflT. 1. c. 55.

49 G. 3 c. 92.

47 G. 3. Self. I-<. 27.

Duties of lltcife conrmucd.

Afprobation of

466, 00c!. yearly, cut of Produce of Tillies during the W-r.

46 G. 3. c. 65.

4* G.3. Sell*. 1. ^55.

49 G« 3. c. 92.

Pi what c.ife Duties of Excise (Coatinued.

c. 6t. si4 Georgii nr. a.d.i8u.

Profits artfing from Property, Professions, Trades ami Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits artfing frdm Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for colleditig the said Unties: And whereas the several Duties of Excise granted to His Majesty by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of Hite present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain xnd by another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, were, by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created, and by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the Sum of Eleven millions raised for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven millions nine hundred and thirty two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, fundedpurfuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, upon the Duties granted to IBs Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further granted and efrkfinued for such further Term or Terms, and in such Proportions, after the Expiration of the said Period* tfa are dinetted in the said recited Acts: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification.of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise on Brakdy in Great Britain: And whereas for making an effectual Provision for defraying the Charge occasioned by the said Loan «f Seven jnilkons five hundred thousand Pounds, it is expedient that the Duties of Excise granted by the takor Forty third. Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, should he iuntSetjiig-tinued for such limited Term, and in such Proportions and Manner as in this Att is directed Be it Sere-fore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliffcnerit assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Duties of Excise shall be and the fame ate hereby further continued, and {Kail be payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for such further Term or Ttrms, and in such Proportions after the Expiration of the said Periods, and in such manner as herein after is directed concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That, in order to defray the Charge occasioned by the mil-

lions five lumdred thousand Pounds, Part of the Loan of Twelve millions, contracted to be mfed for the Service of the present Year, there shall, during the Continuance of the pfefent War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be set apart at the Receipt of Exchequer in England, and appropriated to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, quartetly or otherwise, as the said Charge may from time to time be incurred or become due, out of the Produce of any of the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, which may from time to time be remaining in the Exchequer, except the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Air Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits artfing from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty

fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His pre-Jen Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits artfing from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and to confoudute and render more effectual the Provisions for collcding the said Duties; notwithstanding any other Appropriation of the said Duties by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, but subject to the Charge created thereon by the said recited Acts passed in the Forty seventh and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, the clear annual Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand Pounds, which annual Sum shall be deemed an Addition made to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, in respect of the said Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand rounds, Part of the said .Loan of Twelve millions granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

III. And be it further enacted, That if no other Provision shall have been made by Parliament for defraying the annual Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, from and after the Expiration of the said Period of Six Months from and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Duties of Excise granted or continued to His Majesty by the above recited Acts, or so much and such Part or Parts or Proportions thereof respectively, as shall not previously have been repealed or discontinued by any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall thenceforth be further continued, and be payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and so much thereof as shall aitiount to the Sum of Pour hundred and sixty six thousand Pounds, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, fortfie Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Seven millions five hundred t'hou-sand Pounds, until iome other Provision shall be made by Parliament for defraying the said Charges; and in case there shall be any Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Duties, after defraying the said Charges, such

13 Remainder

A.D. 18151° GEORGII III. C. 61, 62. 387

Remainder or Surplus shall, until the same shall be discontinued, or specially appropriated by Parliament, be applicable, and may be applied to such Uses and Purposes as the Monies com poling the Confoltdated Fund may by Law be applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Certain Power*

Penalties and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained, in relation to the said several Duties cf Aitson-

of Excise thereby respectively granted, and the Drawbacks or Bounties of Excise allowed thereon respect l*nued ltl forco. tively, shall remain and continue in force, and be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, in

rofpeft of the said several Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties respectively, or such Parts or Propbrtion thereof respectively, as shall from time to time be continued by virtue of this Act, in as full and ample a manner, to

ajl Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains,

Penalties and Forfeitures were respectively repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or pro- Forging Certit-cure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully aid or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Certi-ales or CMcrt. ficate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this Act, or alter any Number, Figure or1

Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, vend, barter or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, then and in every such case, all and every fuel* Person and Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall he adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Beuefit of Clergy. Death.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Nova Scotia and New Brun/wici, and the Islands of Cape Bretony Prince Edward and Newfoundland, from the Island of Bermuda.

[loth June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend to the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswicl, the Tfland of Cape Breton, Prince Edward's Island and the Island of Newfoundland\ the Provisions of an Act 49 G. 3. c. 16.

passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Import- ation of Rum and other Spirits from the Island of Bermuda into the Province of Lower Canada without Payment of Duty, on the fame Terms and Conditions as such Importation may be made d\rc3ly from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies £ Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Rum or other Spirits being the Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, legally and directly imported into the Island of Bermuda from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, may be exported from thence into the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, the Island of Cape Bret on,

Prince Edward's Island and the Island of Newfoundland and landed and admitted to an Entry upon Payment of the fame Rate of Duty as if the fame had been imported directly from any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies.

II. And be it further enacted, That under the Conditions and Restrictions contained in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies into the Province of Quebec without Payment of Duty> under certain Conditions and ReflriSions, Rum and other Spirits, exported as before mentioned from Bermuda, may be imported into the said Provinces and Islands, without Payment of Duty, in the same manner as if such Rum or other Spirits had been imported directly from any of the said Sugar Colonies.

III. And, to prevent the Importation of foreign Rum and Spirits into any of the British Colonies in North America, under Pretence that the same are the Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, be it enacted, That every Person or Persons loading on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Island of jBermuda any Rum or Spirits as of the Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies legally imported into that Island, shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, produce and deliver to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the loading Port his or their Affidavit, or that of his or their Agent or Factor, signed and sworn to before some Justice of the Peace in the said Island of Bermuda, expressing in Words at Length, and not in Figures, the Number and Content or Contents of the Calk or other Packages containing the Rum or other Spirits, from what Colony or Plantation the fame were imported, by whom, and the time when such Importation took place, which Affidavit shall be attested by the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace to have been sworn to in his Presence, who is hereby required to do the fame without Fee or Reward; and the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs to whom such Affidavit shall be delivered,

shall thereupon grant to the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be laden, a Certificate under his Hand and Seal of Office (without Fee or Reward) of his having received such Affidavit pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and that it thereby appeared that such Rum or other Spirits'was or were legally imported into the said Island as of the Produce or Manufacture of His Majesty^ Sugar Colonies, and such Certificate shall also express the Number and Content or Contents* of the Cask or other Packages*containing the Rum or other Spirits so shipped on board such Ship or Vessel

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at the Port of her Discharge

in any of the said Provinces or Islands, the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of the said toCollrtfo» Ship or Vessel shall, at the time of making the Report of his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Col- Port of Import.

left or ation, &c.

At what Duty Rum exported from Bermuda into Nova Scotia, &c.

Under Conditions o! 28 G. 3. c. 39. im|»orted into Nova.Scotia^ without Duty.

Fraud in 1m*

portation. Affidavits to be made and deliveied to Collet O', who shall s'ive Certificate cf Contents and Packages.

17 & 18 G.3. (I )c. 9. §1.

[40 G3. (I.)

c. 96. §8 ]

In part repealed.

Crimes punishable by Transportation may be puntihed by Confinement in some House of Cor red ion, &c.

[Proviso.]

In what case Clerk of the Peace, &c. to certify Punishment to Sheriff or Gaoler, with other Particulars.

Expence paid by

Ccuity.

A'dint? ReTcue vt OJeuders.

C. 62, 63. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

lector or other Principal Officer of the Customs of such Port, and make Oath before him (and which he is hereby authorized and required to administer); that the Rum or other Spirits so reported are the fame that are mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate; and if any Rum or other Spirits (half be imported or found on board any such Ship or Vessel for which no Certificate shall be produced, or which shall not agree therewith, the same shall be deemed and taken to be foreign Rum and Spirits, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Duties, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties ana Forfeitures in all respects, as Rum or other Spirits of the Produce or Manufacture of any foreign Colony or Plantation would be subject and liable to by Law.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to authorize the Punishment, by Confinement and hard Labour, of Persons in Ireland liable

to Transportation; and to repeal, so much of a former Act as relates to that Subject.

£ioth June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in Ireland in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of 1 His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to authorize for a limited Time the Punishment by hard Labour of Offenders who for certain Crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies

ana Plantations, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that where any Person should be convicted of any

Offence for which he or she should be liable by Law to Transportation, it should be lawful for the Court in

place of Transportation to order that such Person should be sent to some Place of Confinement, to be there

kept to hard Labour in manner in said Act provided: And whereas the said Act has been since made per-r pctual: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act in that respect have been found ineffectual; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, so much of the said Act as relates to the ordering or adjudging any such Convict or any Convict to labour in any such Place of Confinement, and all and every Clause and Provision in said Act relating thereto, be and the same are hereby repealed, save only so far as relates to any Sentence, Order or Adjudication passed or made before the passing of this Act, or the Provisions necessary for carrying the fame into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall at any Session of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace for any County, City, Town or Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, be lawfully convicted of any Crime for which he or she shall be liable by Law to Transportation, it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Offender shall be so convicted, or any Court held for the same Place, and with like Authority, if such Court shall think fit, in the Place of such Punishment by Transportation, to order and adjudge that such Person shall be sent to some House of Correction or Penitentiary within the said County, City, Town or Place to be appointed in and by such Order, there to be kept to hard Labour for such time or for such Term or Number of Years as such Court shall appoint, provided that the same shall in no case be more than Seven Years: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court before which any Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted, to order such Offender to be whipped or imprisoned for any time less than One Year, or to suffer such other Corporal Punishment as such Offenders are liable to, and as may be inflicted on such Offenders by Law; any thing herein -contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Offenders shall be ordered to be kept to hard Labour in manner aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace, or other Clerk of the Court, by whom such Order shall be made, shall give to the .Sheriff or Gaoler, having the Custody of such Offender, a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, containing an Account of the Christian Name, Surname and Age of such Offender, of his or her Offence, of the Court before whom he or she was convicted, and of the Term for which he or she shall have been so ordered to hard Labour; and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall, with all convenient Speed after the making of any such Order, and receiving of such Certificate, convey such Offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed to the proper House of Correction or Penitentiary, and deliver such Offender, or cause him or her to be delivered, together .with the said Certificate, into the Custody of the Master or Keeper of such House of Correction; and the Person and Persons to whom such Offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper Receipt in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, which shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff, Gaoler or other Person so delivering any such Offender.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred by any Sheriff or Gaoler, in the Conveyance of any £uch Offender as aforesaid, shall be paid by the County, City, Town or Place for which the Court ordering such Punishment by hard Labour instead of Transportation shall be held, and the Sheriff or Gaoler shall receive the Money due for such Expences from the Treasurer of such County, City, Town or Place, by Order of the Justices of the Peace thereof at tlveir Quarterly or other General Sessions, who are hereby required to make such Order accordingly, and the same shall be presented by the Grand Jury of such County, City or Town, at the next Assizes or presenting Term therein.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refeue any Offender who by force of this Act shall be ordered to hard Labour in any House of Correction or Penitentiary as aforesaid, either in his Conveyance to the Place so appointed for such hard Labour, or whilst such Offender under this Act shall be in the Custody of the Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in such Refeue, or if any Person not having the aftu il Custody of any such Offender shall be aiding and assisting in any Escape, or shall by supplying Arms or Ii ftruraeats of Disguise or Escape, or otherwise in any manner be aiding and assist'ng in the .Attempt to make any such Escape, though no such Escape shall be made, every such Person on being convicted

10 of*

A.D. 1811. 5i° GEORGII III. C. 63.

of such Offence by Indictment, before any Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery held in and for the Place where inch Offence shall be committed, shall be by such Court adjudged 'and ordered to the fame Portion of hard Labour in some House of Correction as the Person refeued or escaped, or attempted to be aided in any Escape, had to serve or suffer at the time of such ilefeue, Escape or Attempt of an Escape.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so ordered to hard Labour as aforesaid, shall at any time during the Term for which he or she shall be so ordered to hard Labour break Prison, or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Offender, he or she so breaking Prison, or escaping, shall on Conviction for the first Escape be punished by doubling the Term of the Service and hard Lab6ur to which he or she was liable at the-time of Cucti Escape i and on Conviction for a Second Escape be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and suffer Death accordingly.

VII. And, to the intent that such Conviction or Convictions may.be had with as little Trouble and Expence as possible, -be it further enacted, That every Offender or Offenders escaping in manner aforesaid may and shall be tried before the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for the County, City or Place, where he, she or they shall be apprehended and taken, and that the Clerk of the Peace where such Order of Confinement and hard Labour shall be made, and his Successor for the time being shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor or any other in His Majesty's Behalf, certify a Transcript briefly, and in few Words, containing the Effect of every Indictment and Conviction of such Person, and of the Order made for his or her Confinement and hard Labour to the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, where such Person shall be indicted for fcny such Escape, not taking for the fame above the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pentfe, which Certificate being produced in Court, shall be a sufficient Proof that such Person or Persons have before been convicted and ordered to such Place of Confinement and hard Labour.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Clerk of the Peace and the Sheriff or Gaoler be paid by the Treasuterof the County, City, Town or Place, the like Satisfaction as hath been afually paid for the Order of Transportation of any Offender.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Offender or Offenders who shall by virtue of this Act be directed to be confined and kept to hard Labour, shall in such House of Correction be kept separate from, and shall not be permitted or suffered to intermix with any Person or Persons confined for any Offence not making the Person or Persons having committed the lame subject to a Sentence of TraaL portation.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers or Keepers of the several Houses of Correction, or Penitentiaries in which any Prisoner so sentenced to hard Labour shall be confined, shall from time to time make Returns, specifying the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall be so committed to their Custody, the Offences of which they shall have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was convicted, the Sentence of the Court, the Age, bodily State and Behaviour of every such Convict, while in Custody, and also the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall have died under such Custody, or shall have escaped from such Place of Confinement, or shall have been released from thencer (specifying the Mode of such Release), such Returns to be made to the Justices of Assize at each Assizes, and to the Justices of Peace at each Quarter or other General Session of the Peace for the County, City or Place within which such Place of Confinement shall be situate, and that every such Return shall be verified on the Oath of the Person making the same, such Oath to be made before the Court into which the Return shall be delivered.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be delivered to be kept to hard Labour in manner aforesaid, shall at the End of the Term of such Service, and upon being restored to Liberty, receive from the Keeper of such House of Correction such Sum of Money not being less than Forty Shillings, nor more than Five rounds, together with such decent Clothing as the Court into which such Return shall be made as aforesaid shall appoint; and if any such Offender, whilst confined to hard Labour in manner aforesaid, shall by Industry and other good Behaviour, shew such Signs of Reformation as shall induce the said Court to recommend him as an Object of Mercy to the Lora Lieutenant or other Chief Governor oi* Governors of Ireland for the time being; and it shall be thereupon signified by a Letter from such Secretary to the Keeper of such House of Correction or Penitentiary, that the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time thinks or think fit, in consideration of such good Behaviour, to shorten the Duration of such Offender's Term, such Offender shall be accordingly set at Liberty at the time mentioned in such Letter, and shall receive a Sum of Money from such Keeper, and Clothing, in the ferae manner as if he or she had served the whole of the Term for which he or or (he was adjudged to serve.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such Keeper shall receive such Sum of Money, and the reasonable* Price of such Clothing so given by him as aforesaid from the Treasurer of the Coupty, City or Town, by Order of the Justices of the Peace thereof, at their Quarterly or other General Session^ who are hereby required* to make such Order accordingly, and the same shall be presented by the Grand Jtlry of such County, City* or Town, at the next Affixes or presenting Term.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the feme wvas done by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the* plaintiff of Plaintiffs shall become Nonfait, or discontinue his, her or their Actions after Issue joined, or if* #n Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment, shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, tho Defendant or De-

51 Geo. III. 3 E fendants

389

Punishraent.

Offenders escaping habl. to further Punishment.

Mode of pro- ceeding, to Com vision in such Case#

Fees.

Offenders kept separate.

Returns of Offenders- to Judges and Justices.

Offenders on being restored tn Liberty to receive a Sum and Clothing.

Time of Confinement may bn shortcoed.

County to pay

Fx]>etic<'S of Allowance and Clothing.

[General Issue.]

I.

[Treble Costs.]

limitation of Actionj.

Offenders may be removed from One House of Correction to another,

37 G. 3. c. 31.

§ x.

4; G.3. Sess.a. c. 41. §1.

Company may borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bondi.

.63; 64. pa GEORGII IIl. A, p.i£frt,

fendapt* shall recover Treble Costs, and have eke like Remedy for the same as any DefendaoU have by Law in other cases; and though a Verdict shall be given to any Plaintiff in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid* such Plaintiff shall not have Cods against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be (hpll certify hi? Approbation of the Verdict.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions to be commenced against th* Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fad was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fad committed and not otherwise.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order that any such Offender be removed to any other House of Correction or Penitentiary in Ireland, and there kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding the Term of .Confinement which shall then remain unexpired, Under the Order by virtue of which such Offender shall be then so confined, and also to order at any time during the said Term, that such Offender shall be sent back to such former House of Correction or Penitentiary Tor the Residue of such time; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise a further Sum of Money upon Bond, instead of increasing their Capital Stock; and to alter and amend an Act, passed in die Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative thereto.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money for further increasing their Capital Stock, and to extend the Provisions now existing respcBing the present Stock of the Company to the said inereased ' Stock, after reciting, that the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England required a per*

manent Advance of a considerable Sum of Money beyond what the said Company could raile under the < Powers then vested in them by Law, the said United Company are authorized and empowered to raise Money for enlarging their then Capital Stock or Fund of Six Millions of Pounds, to any Sum or Sums*hot exceeding the further Sum of Two Millions Capital Stock, so that their whole Capital Stock should not exceed the Capital Sum of Eight Millions: And whereas by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to rcuft Money upon Bond, instead of increasing their Capital Stock, the said Company are authorized to borrow, upon Bonds to be issued under their Common Seal, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two Millions Sterling, over and a^ove such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Company could then lawfully raise on their Bonds, and to apply the Money so to be borrowed and raised, for such Purposes as under and by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His find Majesty, the Money to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said Company was applicable 5 and by the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, it is provided, that when the said*Company should have raised any Part of the Money which they were thereby authorized to raise by Bond,

then and so long as such further Bond Debt, or any Part thereof, should continue, all the Money there- after to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said United Company, under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, should be applied towards the Reduction of the Bond Debt of the said United Company, until it should be reduced to the Sum which the said Company might then lawfully raise by Bond; and in case the said Company should enlarge their Capital Stock, under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, before they should have inereased their Boud Debt under the Authority of the Ad now in recital, that then the Sum which they were thereby empowered to raise on Bond,

should be reduced by the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling in respect of every One hundred Pounds Capital Stock so enlarged, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Amount of Capital Stock which should have been created: And whereas a considerable Part of the Debt secured by the Engagement of the said Company in the East Indies, and which was incurred by reason of territorial and political Expences in that Country, has lately been discharged in India9 by means of Bills drawn by the Governments of the said Company in the East Indies upon their Court of Directors in London; and thereby c it has become necessary for the said Company to provide in this Country a much larger Sum of Money than in the ordinary Course of their Transactions can arise from the Sales of their Goods and the ordinary Receipts and Means of the said Company: And whereas the said United Company have not yet inereased their Capital Stock, under and by virtue of the Powers contained in the said first mentioned Act; and it is.^expedient that the Power of the said United Company to raise Money upon their Bonds should be enlarged, so that they may be enabled either to raise a further Sum by Bond, or by Increase of their Capital Stock; 4 therefore, that the Provision in the said last recited Act, as to the Application of the Money to be raised by increasipg the Capital Stock of the said Company, and as to the Reduction of the Power of the said Company to increase their Bond Debt in a certain case, should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in respect thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, by and with the Approbation and Consent of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, at any time or times hereafter, to borrow upon Bonds to be issued under their Common Seal, any further Sum or Sums of Money

not

A.D. 181 I. ji ( GEORGII 'III. C. 64, 65. 391

not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two Millions Sterling, over and above stich Sum and Sums as the said Company can now lawfully raise on their Bonds, and to apply the Money so to be borrowed and raised for such Purposes, as under and by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the Money to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said Company is applicable; any thing contained in the said recited Act or any other Act notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of 47 G. 3. Se(T. u

His present Majesty, as provides that all the Money to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said c. 4*. $ 3.

Company as therein mentioned, should be applied towards the Reduction of the Boi.d Debt of the said United Company, until it should be so reduced to the Sum which the said Company might then lawfully raise by Bond,

and as provides that in case the said Company should enlarge their Capital Stock, then that the Sum which they were thereby empowered to raise by Bond Should be reduced, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. repealed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said United Company shall have raised under and Af»er raising by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of the said.000/5001.

Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, tuch Sums of Money

as together shall amount to the Sum of Four millions Sterling, then and from thenceforth it shall not be r furTller lawful for the said Company to raise any further Sum of Money upon Bond; and all Money which from Money on Bond,

thenceforth shall be raised by Increase of Capital Stock, under and by virtue of the said first mentioned Act,

shall be applied in Discharge of the .id Bond Debt, until the said Bond Debt, created by virtue of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty, or this Act, together with the Money to be raised by Increase of Capital as aforesaid, shall be reduced to the Sum of Four millions Sterling.

IV. And whereas Bonds issued under the Common Seal of the said United Company, for Money borrowed by them by virtue of the Powers enabling them to borrow Money upon Bond, have usually been entered;

into, and have been expressVd to have been made payable to the Person who for the time being has been the Treasurer of the said United Company, or his Assigns, and upon hia Indorsement thereof* they have been fold and passed from one Person to another, by Delivery of the Possession thereof; and it is expedient that a legal Effect should be given to such Mode of Transfer of the Property in the said Bonds, and the

Money secured thereby; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Bonds issued, or to be issued, under the Bonds iflTutd by Common Seal of the said United Company, by virtue of any Power by which they have been, are, or here- Company undt* after may be authorized to borrow Money upon their Bonds, shall be afilgnable and transferrable by Delivery of the Possession thereof; and upon every such Assignment or Transfer, the Money secured by the Bond so tnuisferrableAc# assigned or transferred, and due, and to become due thereon, and the Property in such Bond, shall be absolutely veiled as well at Law as in Equity, in the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom the same shall be so assigned or transferred, and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any such Bond shall be so assigned and transferred, and his, her or their Executors,

Administrators and Successors respectively, shall and may maintain his, her or their Action for the Principal m

and Interest secured thereby, and due thereon, or otherwise relating thereto, in like manner as the Obligee or Obligees named in any such Bond, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Successors, may now

maintain any Action thereon 5 and in every such Action the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his, her or their Debt, Damages and Costs of Suit 5 and if any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or a Verdict

be given against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their Costs against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants respectively recovering,

may sue out Execution for such Debt, Damages and Costs by Capias, Fieri facias or Elegit*

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall PuMck Act* be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded,

CAP. LXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act: passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign,J

intituled, Act Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies flablished for seditious and treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and seditious Practices> 10 far as respects certain Penalties on Printers and Publishers.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 39 G. 3. c. 79.

An Act for the more effectual Supprejftott of Societies efabl'tshed for seditious and treasonable Purposes, I7- 35*

and for better preventing treasonable and seditious Practices: And whereas, in and by the Twenty seventh and Thirty fifth Sections of the said Act, certain Provisions were made, that every Person who should print any Paper or Book, or publish or disperse, or assist in publishing or dispersing, any printed Paper of Book, without the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer being printed on such Paper or Book, in such manner as by the said Act is specified, should forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Copy of such Paper so pubiiftied or dispersed by him } to be recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace,

for the County, Stewartry, Riding, City, Town or Place, in Which such Penalty should be incurred: And whereas there is not in the said Act any Provision authorizing such Justice or Justices to mitigate the Penalties thereby incurred, or enabling the Party to appeal from any Conviction by or Judgment of such Justice or Justices; And whereas divers Books and Papers havefince been printed by several Persons, who, through Inadvertency or Mistake, have neglected to comply with the Provisions of the said Act, and such Persons have thereby become liable to be sued and prosecuted for Penalties to a vast Amount, although such Books

and Papers were not of an evil or seditious Tendency: And whereas it is expedient to limit the Amount«,

4 of Penalties iroposed by the said Act; and to enable Magistrates to mitigate the Penalties in such cases

3 E 2 4 as

392

Printing Papers or Books contrary to recited Act.

Penalties;

Justices may miiigute Penalties.

Name and Refi-tience of Printer* rot required to he put to Bank Notes, Bills,c or to any Paper pHttred by Authority of any Public Bf'ard or Public Office.

Art*A

Ommttace-

rnent.

Vessels psffing Ltghthouses on the Cnait of Ireland.

JMtts.

0.65, 66. 5i" GEORGII III. A.D. 181r.

4 as shall appear to them expedient; and also to give the Party, who may be aggrieved by a Conviction tinder

such Ad, a Power of appealing from the same; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the Twenty seventh Section of the said Act contained shall extend to make any Person or Persons offending against the fame, liable to more than Twenty five Forfeitures or Penalties for printing or publishing, or difperling, or assisting in publishing or dispersing, any Number of Copies of one and the fame Paper or Book, contrary to the said Section of the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice or other Magistrate before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the Provisions of the before mentioned Act, shall fee cause to mitigate such Penalty or Penalties, it shall be lawful for such Justice or other Magistrate to mitigate or lessen the lame to any Sum not iefs than Five Pounds over and above all reasonable Costs and Charges expended or incurred in the Prosecution.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions contained in the said Act may not be considered as extending to Notes and Post Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

and to Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bonds and other Securities for Payment of Money, Bills of

Lading, Policies of Insurance, Letters of Attorney, Transfers or A Alignments of Public Stocks, Funds and other Securities, and to Dividend Warrants, Receipts for Money or Goods, Deeds or other Instruments,

1 Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity, and other Inferior Courts, Warrants, Orders and other Papers,

printed by the Authority of any Public Board or Public Officer in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices, many of which Securities, Instruments, Proceedings and other Matters aforesaid, are usually wholly or in part printed* Be it therefore hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require the Name and Refi^ dence of the Printer to be printed upon any such Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill ol Exchange or Promissory Note, or upon any Bond or other Security for Payment of Money, or upon any Bill of Lading, Policy of Insurance, Letter of Attorney, Deed or Agreement, or upon any Transferor Asignment of any Public Stocks, Funds or other Securities, or upon any Transfer or Assignment of the Stocks of any Public Corporation or Company, authorized or fandioned by Act of Parliament, or upon any Dividend Warrant of or for any such Public or other Stocks, Funds or Securities, or upon any Receipt for Money or Goods, or upon any Proceeding in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any Inferior Court, Warrant, Order or other Papers printed by the Authority of any Public Board or Public Officer in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices, notwithstanding the whole or any Part of the said several Securities, Instruments, Proceedings, Matters and Tilings aforesaid, shall have been or shall be printed; any thing herein or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved, by any Conviction, Judgment or Determination, of any Justice or Justices, relating to any Matter or Thing in the before mentioned Act contained, then and in that case he, she or they may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessions to be holden in and for the County, City or Place Where such Conviction, Judgment or Determination shall have been made, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the making thereof, first giving Six Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons prosecuting for such Penalty or Penalties 5 and the said Justices shall hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter-Sessions, or, if they think proper, adjourn the Hearing thereof until the next General Quarter-Sessions to be holden for such County, Town or Place; and the said Justices may, in like manner, if they fee cause, mitigate any Penalty or Penalties, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been paid or levied under any Conviction as aforesaid, and may also order and award such Coils to be paid by either Party to the other, as they shall think and judge reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall take Effect from the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by

rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious: and for erecting, repairing and maintaining

Light Houses round the Coast of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

[10th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is necessary to make further Provision for defraying the Expence of purchasing Ground

for and for building new' Light Houses; and for repairing, fitting up, completing and keeping in

Repair the several Light Houses, Beacons and Sea Marks which have been or may be erected and built round the Coasts of Ireland : y May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the passing of this Act, there shall be payable and paid to the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, by the Owners or Matbrs of every Ship or Decked Vessel which shall pass any Light House or Light Houses on the Coasts of Ireland^ the Sums^ Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every British or Irish Ship or Decked Vessel navigated according to Law, which shall pass any such Light House or Light Houses, for and in nefped of every Light House which such Ship or Vessel shall pass,

and

A.D. 1811.

5i° Georgii III.

C. 66.

393

and for and in respect of every time of passing any and every such Light House or Light Houses, whether the said Shipor Vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage, or failing Coastwise, the Sum of One Penny for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel for and in respect of every such Light House, and every time of passing the fame;

And for every Foreign Ship or Decked Vessel passing as aforesaid, the Sum of Two Pence Tor every Ton Burthen, for and in respect of every such Light House, and ever/ time of passing the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the time when a Floating Light shall be established Vessels parting on the Kish Bank on the South Side of Dublin Bay, there shall be paid to the said Corporation for preserving Floating l ight and improving the Port of Dublin, by the Owners or Matters of every Ship or Decked Vessel which shall pals 5" such Floating Light on the Kish Bant, the Sums, Rates and Duties following$ that is to say, an '

For every British or Irish Ship or Decked Vessel navigated according to Law, which shall pass fuclvFloating Rate*

Light; and for and in respect of every time such Ship or Vessel shall pass such Floating Light, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyage, or failing Coastwise, the Sum of One Halfpenny for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, for and in respect of every time of passing the said Floating Light:

And for every Foreign Ship or Decked Vessel passing such Floating Light as aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, for and in respect of every time of passing the said Floating Light.

And the Produce of the said last. mentioned Duties shall by the said Corporation be appropriated and* applied to the Maintenance of the said Floating Light, and a separate Account shall be kept by the said Corporation of the Receipt and Expenditure thereof, and the same shall be separately accounted for by the said Corporation.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Day of the Rates f6rEn-passing this Act, there shall he payable and paid to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the trie* of Ships. Port of Dublin, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say, upon every Entry inwards and on every Entry putwards of any Ship or Vessel made in any P«rt of Ireland, and upon every Entry, Cocket or Warrant, in any such Port for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, inwards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, where the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence.

'«IV. And whereas the Rates and Charge* at preltnt payable by Law for Ballad delivered or taken on

board Ships in the Harbour of Dublin are insufficient to defray the present Expences of obtaining and

- delivering the fameV Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the Additionil'BaU

Day of the passing of this Act, the Master, Commander, or O wher of every Ship or Vessel belonging to last Rates.

Great Britain or Ireland, cr the british Plantations, and of every Foreign Ship or Vessel who shall take in

ballad from the Office of the said Corporation, for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, within the

Port of Dublin, or in the several Creeks or Harbours thereunto belonging, or in any Place whatsoever within the Jurisdiction or which is subject to the Power or Authority of the said Corporation, shall pay or cause to

be paid to the Ballad Matter or other Officer who shall be appointed by the said Corporation to receive the fame, in addition to the several Sums of Money, Rates ana Charges now payable by Law, the several and respective further and additional bum* of Money, Duties, Rates and Charges following*that is

to say.

For every Ton of Ballast which shall be delivered or taken on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel belonging Rates of Ballast. to Great Britain or Ireland, or any Part of the United Kingdom, or to the British Plantations, within the Harbour of Dublin, or any of the Creeks or Harbours thereunto belonging, in addition to aH former Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Two Pence r

For every Ton of Ballast which shall be delivered or taken on board any Foreign Ship, Boat or Vessel in addition to all former Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Six Pence:

Which said last mentioned Duties shall be applied by the said Corporation, so far as the same shall be necessary, towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and delivering such Ballast, and the Surplus thereof in manner -directed by this Act.

V. And whereas the Tonnage Duty now payable by Law on Ships and Wflels arriving in the said Harbour of Dublin is insufficient to support the Expence of improving the said Harbour; Be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, the Master, Com- An additional mander or Owner of every Ship or Vessel coming into the said Harbour of Dublin, shall pay or cause to be Tonnage Rate, paid for the Use of the said Corporation to the said Ballast Master of the Ballast Office of the Port of Dublin, or other Officer who shall be appointed by the said Corporation to receive the same, in addition to the several Rates of Tonnage now pay. ble by Law, the several further Sums, Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

f For every Foreign Ship or Vessel or such as shall not belong to any of His Majesty, s Subjects of the Rate of United Kingdom or the British P battalions) arriving or coming into the Harbour of Dublin; for every Ton Tonnage, of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel on every Voyage which such Ship or Vessel shall make to the said Harbour of Dublin, in addition to all former Tonnage Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Six Pence, v

For every Ship or Vessel which shall belong to any of His Majesty's Subjects arriving or coming into the said Harbour of Dublin (except Vessels arriving in the said Harbour entirely laden with Coals, and coasting Vessel* coming and trading from any Part of Ireland» to the said Harbour) \ fgr every Ton of the Burthen

12 ef

394

C.G6.

"51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

P.vitfs to be m a.tdiu'>n to former Duties.

How Duties collected and

ai; 'i>ofed of.

tif such Ship or Vessel on every Voyage which such Ship or Vessel shall make to the said Harbour of Dublin> in addition to all former Tonnage Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Three Pence:

For every Ship or Vc(! 1 arriving in the said Harbour laden with Coals, and every Coaster; that is to fayt every* Ship or Vessel coming and trading from any Part of Ireland to Dublin, or the Creeks or Harbours thereof; for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel on every Voyage which such Ship or Vessel shall make to the said Harbour of Dublin, in addition to all former Rates and Duties, the further Sum of Two Pence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Duties hereinbefore granted and made payable', (h: dl be in addition to and over and above all other Tonnage Duties, and all other Duties in respect of the passing of any Light Ho life, and all other Duties upon any Entry, Cocket or Warrant payable in Ireland under of by virtue of any At t or Aits in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act granted on Ships and Vessels passing Any Light House on the Coast of Ireland, or passing the said Floating Light on the Kish Bank on the

South Side of the Bay of Dublin, shall be paid to and collected by the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or to l'ome Person to be appointed by the said Corporation, for the Purpose of receiving the fame in such Port of the United Kingdom into which any Ship or Vessel passing any such Light House or Light Houses shall arrive next after the passing of such Light House or Light Houses respectively; and that the Collectors of His Majesty's Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters, and all other Officers of the Customs whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of the United Kingdom, shall not, after the Commencement of the said Dtities, take or receive any Entry or Cocket or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards, for any Ship or Vessel liable or subject to the said Duties, until the said Duties shall be paid pursuant to the Drrec*

tions of this Act to the respective Collectors of Customs, or to the Persons appointed by the said Corporation

to collect! the said Duties, nor until the Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel subject to the Payment of the said Duties shall (how and produce a Receipt for such Duties accordingly to the Officer required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Discharge, Clearance or Report outwards aforesaid; and that the said Duties in respect of Light Houses shall from time to time be accounted for by the Collectors and Receivers thereof, and shall he by such Collectors paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland % for the Use of the said Corporation, for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and shall be issued from time to time by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to the said Corporation under the Authority of this Act; and the said Duties when so paid over -to the said Cor* k poration (except the Duty in respect of a Floating Light on the Kish Bank in Dublin Bay, which shall be applied to the Maintenance of such Light when the same shall be erected) shall by the said Corporation* be go G. 3. c. 95. applied to the Purposes of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin, to ercB, maintain and repair Light Houses round the CoaJJs of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof, in manner and under the Regulations in the said recited Act mentioned and contained, and that the Duty by this Act imposed on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant in any Port in Ireland, shall be levied, collected and received by the Officers of Customs, and paid over to the said Corporation in such and the like manner as the Duties granted on such Entries by the said recited Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, are directed to be levied, collected and received by such Officers and paid over to the said Corporation 5 and that the additional Duties or Charges by this Act granted*for Ballast delivered or taken on board Ships, and the additional Duties by this Act imposed in respect of

Ships coming into the Harbour of Dublin % shall be collected and levied in like manner, and under the like Powers and Authorities as other Duties of the like Nature may by Law be collected and levied by the said Corporation; and that the said additional Duties and Charges in respect of Ballast shall be applied towards the defraying the Expences of obtaining and delivering the fame, and that the Surplus of the said Duties and Charges after such Expences shall be defrayed, and also the additional Duties by this Act imposed in respect of the Tonnage of Ships coming into the Harbour of Dublin; and also so much of the said Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant as aforesaid, as shall be payable or paid within the Port of Dublin, shall, by the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, be applied toward# the erecting a Light on the Kish Bank on the South Side of Dublin Bay, for the better Preservation of the Ships and Vessels against the Dangers resulting from the said Kish Bank to Ships and Vessels entering into, going out of or passing by the said Harbour, and passing up and down Saint Georgds Channel, and towards erecting a Light House on the Hill of Howth in a more convenient and useful Situation for Mariners than the one now erected is placed in.

Proviso for Ship#

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with the Rate of War, See. ind or Duty hereby imposed on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels passing Light Houses, any of His Majesty's Fdhiag Vessels. Ships of War, nor any Ship or Vessel whatever being the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the Royal Family, nor any Fishing Vessels, Smacks or Boats, and that all coasting Vessels failing in Ballast only, from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, shall pay only One Half of the said Rates and Duties; any thing hereinbefore mentioned and contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Light House, which shall not, at the time of the passing of this Act, be completed in such Manner as to have the Lights or Signals put up therein, shall, at any time after the passing of this Act, be built, erected or repaired on any Parts of the Coasts of Ireland, then and in such case a Notice of the time when such Light House has been or will be completed, so as to have Lights or Signals put up therein, shall be given by the said Corporation for preserving and improving the

- Port

Notice of rom-pleting of Light -houses in Gazettes.

A.D. 181r. 51° GEORGII IIt C

Port of Dublin, Three several times in the London and Dublin Gazettes; and the Duties by this Act granted on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels passing any such Light House shall not commence or be payable until

after the time mentioned in such Notice, nor unless such Lights or Signals shall be put up in such Light House at the time mentioned in such Notice.

X. And whereas the several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty sixth, Thirty second, Thirty third and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River'Anna Lijfey, in the City of Dublin, require to be further amended Re it therefore enacted, That the Care, Management and Superintendance of the whole of the said River Anna Lijfey, and of the Quays and Walls bounding the fame on both Sides of the said River, and also of the Harbour of Dublin, and of the Strands thereof, and of the Bays, Creeks and Harbours within the said Harbour of Dublin, on the North and South Sides of the said Harbour of Dublin, commencing on the North Side of the said River, Strand, Flarbour and Bay, from and including Barrack Bridge, otherwise called Bloody Bridge, in the County of the City of Dublin, and extending to and including the Harbour of Sutton, in the County of Dublin; and on the South Side River, Strand, Harbour and Bay, commencing from and including the fame Bridge, and extending to and including the Harbour of Dailey, in the County of Dublin, and the Quays and Walls called the North, South, and East Walls, and all the Bridges now over the said River Anna Lijfey, or which hereafter maybe built or erected within the said Limits over the fame, and the building and repairing of the said Walls; and the Care and Superintendance of the said Bridges shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby vested in the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and their Successors for ever, with all such Power and Authorities as by the said Acts, or any other Act or Acts are given to or vested in the said Corporation, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. Prc ided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend any way to alter or diminish the Power of any Grand Jury or Grand Juries in the County or County of the City of Dublin to appoint Overseers for any Works in respect of any Bridge or Bridges over the said River Anna Lijfey, for the Execution whereof any Presentment or Preferments shall be made by any such Grand Jury or Grand Juries, nor in any way to contradict or interfere with any Presentment whatever respecting or relating to the building, re-building or repairing any such Bridge or Bridges made or to be made by any such Grand Jury or Grand Juries, nor to contradict or interfere with any Powers veiled by Law in such Grand Jury or Grand Juries respecting the fame, nor any Proceedings towards the carrying into Effect any such Presentment under the Authority of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

XII. And whereas the said Corporation may find it necessary, in order to enable them the more effectually*to carry into Execution the purposes of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, to borrow a Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Taxes, Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues arising under the said recited Acts and this present Act; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation to take up and borrow upon the Credit of all or any of the said Taxes, Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues in the said former Acts or in this Act contained, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, any Sum or Sums of Money which the said Corporation shall think necessary, at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for that Purpose to issue Debentures of One hundred Pounds each under ilieir Common Seal for the Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, in such Manner and Form as the said Corporation by any Bye-Laws to be entered into by them pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall appoint; and the said Debentures and the Sums therein respectively contained, together with the Interest thereof, and the Sinking Fund applicable to the Reduction thereof in manner herein after mentioned, shall be actual Charges and Liens upon the said Taxes, Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues, or so much thereof as shall be specified in such Debentures respectively: Provided always, that the Money so to be borrowed at any time after the passing of this Act, shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds; any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act to the contrary not with (landing.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That a yearly Sum equal to the Amount of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds, of all Sums which at any time after the passing of this Act shall be borrowed by the said Corporation on the Credit of the said Taxes, Rates, Duties and Revenues, or any Part of them, under the Authority of this Act, shall yearly and every Year, from and immediately after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be taken by the said Corporation from the Produce of the said Taxe9, Payments, Rates, Duties and Revenues, and shall be laid out by Four equal quarterly Sums on the Twenty ninth Day of September, the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty fourth Day of June, or within Thirty Days thereof in each and every Year, in the Name of the said Corporation in the Purchase of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, or in such other Stock in the Public Funds at the Bank of Ireland as the said Corporation shall in their Discretion think fit; and also that all Dividends which shall accrue and become payable, for and on account of such Stock in the said Public Funds as shall be so purchasedas aforesaid, and also all Dividends which shall arise and be payable from such Accumulation of the said Stock as is herein after directed to be made, shall Half-yearly, or as soon as such Dividend shall from time to time accrue and become payable, be laid out in the Name of the said Corporation, in the Purchase of such Stock or Funds as aforesaid, and so from time to time during the Continuance of the said former Acts and this Act, until such Stock so to be purchased as aforesaid shall be worth to be sold a Sum of One hundred Pounds, and then and not before the

ij laid

395

P

; Duly not payable till Light put up.

26G 3. (TOc. 19. 320.3. (I.) c 3J. 33G.3-(I) c. 54. 40 G.3. (I.)c. 47. The River Anna Liffey and the Harbour, See. to be under Corporation for preserving Port of Dublin.

Proviso for Grand Juries , appointing Over* seen in respect of Bridget.

Corporation may borrow Money on Credit of Rates,

Provifl*

Fund established for paying off Debt.

396

embers of Corporation no* eligible to hoH Offices underit.

Present Officet

Officers to take Oath.

Oath.

Treasury may 'direct Suras remaining in charge azamft Corporation for 'Inlupers. See, to be ft ruck out in auditing their Accounts.

4£eueral Issue.

C. 66, 67. 5i°GEC»RGn III. A.D. 1811.

said Annuities or other Stock so to be purchased in the Public Funds as aforesaid shall be sold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be be applied in the purchasing such Debenture when the fame can be procured at or

under Par, and every Debenture so purchased shall he immediately cancelled, and so from time to time a yearly Sum equal to the Amount of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of all Money borrowed by and due from the said Corporation under the Authority of this Act, shall continue to be inverted in such Funds and Annuities, and shall accumulate and shall be applied whenever the same shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, until the whole of all Sums borrowed and to be borrowed by the said Corporation under the Authority of this Act shall be fully paid off and discharged.

XIYr. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the parting or this Act, no Person or Persons being a Member or Members of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, shall be elected or be capable of being elected, or shall hold or be capable of holding any Office, Place or Employment tinder the said Corporation; and that no Person holding any Office* Place or Employment under the said Corporation shall be elected or be capable of being a Member of the said Corporation so long as he shall hold any such Office, Place or Employment: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Person or Persons being at present Members of the said Corporation, and also at present holding any Office or Employment under the fame; and that all Officers and Persons who at any time before the passing of this Act have been elected and appointed by the said Corporation to do or perform any Offices, Duties, or other Matters in Execution of the said Acts, or auy of them, and who are now in the Service and Employment of the said Corporation; and also all and every Person and Persons who shall or may hereafter from time to time be elected, intruded or appointed by the said Corporation to do, execute or perform any such Offices, Duties, or other Matters under and by virtue of the said Acts or any of them, or this present Act, shall take and subscribe the following Oath or Affirmation 5 that is to say,

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, [or, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm] That I will faithfully*

diligently and impartially, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, perform and execute the several Offices, Duties, Powers, Matters and Trusts committed to me by the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, So help me GOD.

Which Oath or Affirmation any Three or more of the said Corporation are hereby empowered to administer.

XV. And whereas in the Accounts of the said Corporation which have been heretofore audited by the Commissioners of Imprested Accounts, certain Sums remain in charge against them for Insupers or Charges ' formerly disallowed by the said Commissioners, and also certain Sums which appear to be Debts due to the said Corporation, but which from the Nature of them cannot now he recovered: And whereas it would

render the Accounts of the said Corporation more plain and simple if the Commissioners of Imprested Accounts were authorized to strike out of such Accounts such Sums circumstanced as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, to direct the Commissioners of Imprested Accounts, and the said Commissimers of Imprested Accounts are hereby required, in obedience to such Direction, to strike out and deduct from the said Accounts the said Insupers, or such of them as they shall think proper; and also any Sum or Sums which shall appear in the said Accounts to be due to the said Corporation, but which shall be certified by the said Corporation, or any Three or more of the Members of the said Corporation, to the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to be in their Opinion irrecoverable.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Corporation or any Member or Officer thereof, or any Person acting by the Directions or Authority thereof, shall be sued for any matter or thing done by him or them by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or of the said recited Acts or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special matter in Evidence.

CAP. LXVII.

Duties on Importation of Uu-d re fled Hides from Africa to cease.

A permanent Duty and War Duty,

An Act: for repealing the Duties of Customs now payable on the Importation of Hides in the Hair, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Buffalo, Bull, Ox and Cow Hides, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way*dressed and imported from any British Colony or Settlement in Africa (a), Should be repealed, and that other Duties mould be imposed in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upon Buffalo, Bull, Ox and Cow Hides, in the Hair, not being tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dressed, and being impeyted into Great Britain from any British Colony or Settlement in Africa, do cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and that, from and after the said Day, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon every such Hide so imported as aforesaid, a permanent Duty of Customs of Three Pence, and also a temporary or War Duty of Customs of One Penny, (a) [&*

49 (r*3. r. 98. Sch. A. Inwards, tit^JUdeu\

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 67, 6^, 69. 597

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Duties of Customs hereby* imposed, as fall under Continuance of the Title and Description of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of War Duty, the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed upon the Importation of the said Hides Duties bonded

shall and may be secured by Bond under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His pre- under 43 3«

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Ware- c*1^2*

house without Payment of Duty: Provided always, that the said Duties, and no other, shall be charged and Duties to be pa d

payable on any of the said Hides, which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of 0, 1 Hide? t.kcn

any Act of Parliament, without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place wherein

the fame shall have been lodged or secured, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after S0r

the said Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, notwithstanding the fame may have before June 20,

been imported into Great Britain ou or before the said Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred x8n.

and eleven.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain Duties under called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time Comm'lfiutiers being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Manage- ol Cul*oms; ment of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, How levied, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Cuitoir.s of a like Nature are managed, af-ceftained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reltridions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines* and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effed as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the neces- Application of fary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into Duties.

the Retcipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the fame

manner as the Duties imposed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present 49 G. 3- ^98*

Majesty are directed to be appropriated and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to ^6t way be al-

be made in this present Session of Parliament. tered, &c.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Verdigris imported.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Customs should be imposed on Verdigris imported into Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be Additional Duty

raised, levied, collectednd paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs vn Verdigris irn*

of Two Shillings per Pound on all Verdigris imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the l)0rted*

Seas.

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, How Duties ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered in such and the like manuer as any Duties of Customs levied.

of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reltridions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Powers, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duty, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duty, the necef- Applicationd fary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, mall from time to time be paid Dut, es* unto the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and (half be appropriated and applied in the lame

manner as the Duties called Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G. 3. c. 98. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Cu/loms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof are directed to be appropriated and applied.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass; and for granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of Hie 51 Geo. III. MajestyV

l)\rtis and I); whacks on Fiint and Ph nl G ai> Materials revealed.

Duty on Flint and Phial Glut's made in G.B.

Countervailing Duty for Inch as imported from Ireland. DraWbackt.

Duties under Commissioners of iixcili.

Entry of Lears.

[Penalty.]

Glass Makers to take out a Licence for each |.ear.

C. 69. 5 i° GEORGII III. A.D. 18tr.

Majest/s Reign, intituled, An ASf fir repealing the Duties on the Materials used in malting Spread Window Glass and Crown Glassy anafir granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and fir the better Collection of the said Duties.

[ 15 th June 1811.]

4 TT THE RE AS by certain A Act of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act,

certain Duties of Excise are chargeable on the Materials, Metal or other Preparations, made use of,

4 in Great Britain* in the making of Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, and certain Drawbacks are allowed on the Exportation of such Glass as Merchandize; and certain countervailing c* Duties are also chargeable on all such Glass as aforesaid made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and Drawbacks, and to impose other Duties and grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August Ore thousand eight hundred and eleven, all and Angular the said Duties arid Drawbacks shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or For-

feiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in lieu and instead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, and of Phial Glass respectively, which shall be made in Great Britain, Two Pounds Nine Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and of Phial Glass respectively which ftiaH be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Two Pounds Nine Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That the following Drawbacks shall be allowed; that is to say, for every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass respectively made in Great Britain, and for which all the Duties imposed for and in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts or to Ireland, as Merchandize, a Drawback of Two Pounds Nine Shillings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as (had arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Glass before he, she or they shall begin to anneal any Glass or Glass Wares whatsoever, shall make true and particular Entry in Writing of all and every Lear and Lears by him, her or them respectively intended to be made use of, for the annealing of Glass, at the Office of Excise within the Compafc or Limits whereof such Lear or Lears respectively shall be situate, on Pain, of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for every Lear which he, she or they shall make use of for the annealing of any Glass or Glass Wares whatsoever, without having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, before he, she or they shall presume to make use of any Lear in or for the annealing of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, shall, over and besides the Licence for each and every his, her or their Glasshouse, take out such Licence or Licences herein after mentioned, as the case may require, authorizing him, her or them to make use of such Lear for the annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, which Licences respectively shall be granted in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make use of any such Lear for the annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that Purpose; but if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make use of any Lear for the annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, in that Part of Great Britain called England, out of the Limits of the said Chief Office of Excise, the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collect ions and Districts; and in case any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make use of any Lear for the annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, or if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to make use of any such Lear for the annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, in any Part of Scotland, out of the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excite in Scotland within their respective Collections and Districts, and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or Two or more of them respectively, and the Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England> or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively au-

13 thomed

399

ji° GEORGII III. .69.

[Proviso.]

orized and required t6 gfSttlt such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the fame, on the Person or Persons applying for the fame first paying the Sum of Twenty five Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted previous to the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make use of any Lear in or for the annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, unt# the said Tenth Day of October; and the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each such Licence which- shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make use of any Lear for the annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, after the said Tenth Day of October: Provided always, nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to include in any one Licence, any Number of such Lears belonging to the same Person or Persons who shall take out any such Licence, on such Person or Persons paying in manner aforesaid for each such Lear the Sum of Twenty five Pounds of One hundred Pounds as the case may require, for each and every such Lear included in any such Licence; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend orn what case be construed to extend, to prevent any Maker or Makers of Flint or Phial Glass from tififig a Lear, in respect "fed theugh obi of which no Licence has been taken out, for the Purpose of annealing Flint Glass of the Soitor Description Seemed^ which is made for cutting; provided such Lear in respect of which no Licence has been taken out, be immediately contiguous to a Lear in respect of which a Licence has been taken out, and the Entrance of which shall be in the full View of any Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall at the same time observe and inspect the Entrance of such contiguous Lear, in respect of which a Licence shall have been taken out, and the Discharge Hole of which shall be in the Weighing Room herein after mentioned, and not more than Twelve Feet from the Discharge Hole of such contiguous Lear, in Yefpeft of which a Licence shall have been taken out; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall make use of any Lear in or for the licences re-annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, after the Expiration of such his, her or their Ln

newed yeotlf,

cence for or in respect of such Lear, unless such Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence for the like Purpose in the manner hereinbefore directed, Ten Days at the least before the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in like manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; and if any Person or Persons shall presume to make use of any Lear in or for the" annealing of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, or either of them, without first taking out a Licence authorizing him, her or them, so to do, and renewing the same as hereinbefore in that Behalf directed, he, she or they shall for each such Lear made use of as aforesaid, without Penjltj. such Licence as aforesaid, forfeit and Jose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money by this Act directed to be paid for To whom such Licences respectively, shall be paid for such respective Licences to such Persons as are herein after in that Money^Behalf respectively mentioned; that is to say, such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be cencMP*i taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be paid for any Licence which shall be taken out in any Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the Collector of Excise granting such Licence.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted under or by virtue of this Act, shall How tong Li*

remain and continue in force until and upon the Tenth Day of October next ensuing the granting thereof, and .ce"ce* torem^Jp no longer. m tmC€t9

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officers of Officers of Excise

Excise, from time to time and at all times, to mark and number in such manner as he or they shall think fit,

all and every the Workhouses, Pot-chambers, Pot-holes, Lears, IVarchouses, Rooms and other Places what- 01' 'oe '

soever, entered or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, for the making or keeping of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, or for the preparing or keeping any Material or Preparation for the

making of Flint Glass or Phial Glass; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall hinder or obstruct any such Officer or Officers in so marking or numbering any such Workhouse, Pot-chamber, Pot-hole, Lear,

Warehouse, Room or other Place, or shall wilfully alter, deface or obliterate any such Mark, or cause or procure any such Mark to he defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such Mark being so defaced or obliterated, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Penalty.

One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass HowFlintsriH shall, and he, fhc and they is and are hereby required to erect, build, make and construct every Lear by hin\,; Phial

her or them, intended to be made use of for the annealing of Flint Glass, or of Phial Glass, in a reftangijar

Form, with the Sides and Ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other respectively, and the Bottom^c; iri.

thereof level, and with only One Mouth or Entrance into the fame respectively, and only One Discharge Hole

out of the fame, and which said Discharge Hole shall open into and communicate with the Weighing Room

herein after mentioned, and no other Room or Place whatsoever; and all and every such Maker and Makers

shall number all such Lears progressively with a durable Mark, and shall keep and continue the fame respectively numbered in manner aforesaid, for so long time as the fame respectively shall be made life' of as aforesaid;

and if any such Maker or Makers shall erect, build, make or construct any Lear contrary to the Directions of

this Act, or shall neglect or ref use to number the fame in manner aforesaid, or to keep or continue the fame

numbered as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall make use of any Lear not conftriifted

in the manner in that Behalf hereinbefore directed, all and every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for Penally

each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

3F2

XIII. And - '

Flint or Phial Gluts Makers to affix Iron Gracing to Entrance of Lear. Lear to be locked by Officer. Exception.

[Penalty.]

Flint or Phial Glut's Maker to anneal Flint or Phial Wares in Lear.

[Penalty.]

No Flint or Phial Glass Maker to have in his Lear any other Species of Glass with Paial GUIs.

[Penalty.]

Notice of heating L-ars.

F r golat'ons for Officer.* locking up and sealing Mouths of Flint GUIs Lears.

Notice.

Ohfiructing Officer.

[Penalty.]

Flint and Phial Glass Makers to provide aWeigh*

C. 69. ji GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

XIII. And be it Further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Pbial Glafi, shall, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix a good, sufficient and secure Iron Grating to the Mouth or Entrance of every Lear by him, her or them intended to be made use of for the annealing of Flint Glass or Phial Glass 5 and each and every such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, shall be securely locked, fattened and sealed by the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers respectively shall from time to time be, at all times, except when such Maker or Makers shall be actually at Work in putting, placing or depositing therein, Articles. Vessels or Utensils of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, for the Purpose of annealing the fame herein, or when such Lear shall be opened by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in pursuance of such previous Notice as is herein after directed and pre-lcribed for opening the fame, for the Purpose of lighting Fire in or heating the fame, for annealing Articles, Vessels or Utensils of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, or for the Purpose of drawing or taking any such Articles, Vessels or Utensils as aforesaid, from or out of such Lear, or for the Purpose of necessarily repairing the fame\ and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse so to find or provide any such Iron Grating, or to affix the fame in manner hereinbefore directed, he, she or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, shall put, place or deposit in one or more such Lear or Lear9 as aforesaid, for the Purpose of annealing the fame, and shall anneal therein all the Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively, which shall from time to time be by him, her or them made or manufactured; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glafe shall omit or fail to anneal in such Lear or Lears, any Portion of the Flint or Phial Glass by him, her or them manufactured, or shall put, place or deposit in any Kiln, Stove or Oven, or annealing Arch or Oven, other than such Lear or Lears as aforesaid, any Flint Glass or Phial Glass for the Purpose of annealing the fame, or shall anneal the fame therein, he, she or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glafe shall at one and the same Time put, place, have or keep, in any Lear entered or made life of for the annealing of Flint Glafe or of Phial Glass, any Articles, Vessels or Utensils of different makings, nor any Sort or Species of Glass, or Glass Wares, other than Flint Glass or Phial Glafe Wares; and if auy such Maker or Makers shall at one and the feme time put, place, have or keep in any Lear, entered or made use of for the annealing of Flint Glafe or of Phial Glafe, any Articles, Vessels or Utensils of different makings, or auy Sort or Species of Glass. or Glass Wares, other than Flinc Glass, or Phial Glafe, or Flint Glass Wares, or Pbial GJafs Wares, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every fudi Offence, forfeit and lose the-Sum of Ooe hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass, or of Phial Glafe, (halt intend and be desirous to prepare, light or kindle any Fire to heat his, her or their Lear, into which any Flint Glafe or Phial Glafe is intended to be put or deposited for the Purpose of annealing the fame, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, Six Hours Notice in Writing of such his, her or their Intention, and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and opeu such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to light or kindle such Fire within One Hour after such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Officer shall again immediately after the Expiration of such One Hour, lock up, fatten and seal such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof, in manner aforesaid; and such Maker or Makers shall give tive like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer, before such Lear, or the Mouth or Entrance, or Iron Grating thereof, shall be again opened.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer and Officers of Excise under whose Survey any Glafehouse for the making of Flint Glafe or Phial Glass shall be, and such Officer and Officers is and are hereby required, when and so soon as any Journey of Flint Glass or of Phial Gfefe making shall be finished, if the same shall be fLniffied at or before Six of the Clock in the Evening of Saturday in any Week, and if such Journey shall not be finished at or before Six of the Clock in the Evening of Saturday in any Week, then at Six of the Clock in the Evening of such Saturday to lock, seal, fatten and secure every Lear of or belonging to such Glasshouse, and the Mouth or Entrance, and Iron Grating thereof, and to keep the fame locked, sealed, fattened and secured from thenceforth, until such Maker or Makers shall give to such Officer or Officers such Notice as is hereinbefore directed and required of such Maker or Makers, Intention to prepare, light or kindle a Fire as aforesaid, to heat such Lear, and in no case sooner than the Hour of Eight in the Evening of the Sunday next following such locking, sealing, fattening and securing of such Lear; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed in that behalf, in so locking, sealing, fattening or securing any such Lear, or the Mouth, Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall direct or think expedient to answer the Purpose by this Act, in that behalf intended, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or shall by any Means, Art, Device or Contrivance whatsoever open any such Lear* or the Mouth, Entrance or Iron tirating thereof respectively, after the same shall have been locked, sealed, fattened or secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal or Fattening, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or Phial Glafa shall, and he, (he and they if and are hereby required, at his, her and their own Expence, to find and prut*

15

A.D. 181r. jr GEORGII III. C. 69.

vide, or ered, build, make and conllrtid a good, sufficient and secure Weighing Room in each and every Flint Glasshouse or Phial Glasshouse to him, her or them belonging, which Room shall be near to and communicate with the Lear or Lears of such Glasshouse; and save and excepting the Discharging Hole or Holes of the said Lear or Lears, no such Room shall have more than one Door or Entrance into the lame, and the said Door or Entrance shall open directly into and afford and form an immediate Communication with the Rc-weighing Room herein after mentioned and required, and no Discharging Hole of any such Lear shall open into any Room or Place other than such Weighing Room; and such Weighing Room and the Door or Entrance thereof shall be (ecurely locked, fattened and sealed by the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall from time to time be, at all times when there shall he any Flint Glass or Phial Glass therein, or in the Lear or Lears communicating therewith, save and except when the same shall be opened by such Officer or Officers for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Articles, Vessels and Utensils respectively of Flint Glass or of Phial Gtafs therein, and charging the Duty

thereon in pursuance of such Notice a9 is herein after mentioned, or for the Purpose of such Maker or Makers, or his, her or their Servants arranging or regulating the Positions of the Pans or Trays of Articles, Vessels or Utensils herein after mentioned, which shall have been drawn, rolled, conveyed or condaded, through the Lear or Lears communicating with the said Weighing Room into the said Weighing Room; and when any such Maker or Makers shall be dclirous of having the Door or Entrance of any iucii Weighing Room unlocked or opened for the Purpose latt aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then he, One Hour*9 previous Notice in Writing of his, her or their bckig so desirous, and specifying in such Notice the particular Weighing Room which lie, (he or they is nr are so desirous to have unlocked or opened for the Purpose latt aforesaid; ai d the particular Time and Hour when he, she or they is or are desirous to have the fame so unlocked or opened, whereupon such Officer shall attend pursuant to such Notice, and shall unlock and open the said Door or Entrance, and shall

keep and continue the fame so-unlocked or opened for the Space of Half an Hour; during which Time

such Maker or Makers, or one of his, her or their Servants, shall be at Liberty to ai range or regulate the Positions of the said Pans or Trays in the said Weighing Room, in the Presence and under the Inspection of the said Officer; and when the Arrangement or Regulation of the said Faus-or Trays shall be finished, or at the End of the said Half an Hour (whichever of them shall first happen)* such Officer shall again lock, fatten and secure the said Door or Entrance; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or Phial Glass shall neglect or refuse to find and provide or ered, build, make or conttrud ftion Weighing Room as aforesaid in any such Glasshouse, to him, her or them belonging, the Maker or Makers (o offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless* that no such Maker or Makers shall be at Liberty to give, or shall give any such' Notice or Notices as latt aforesaid, for having the Door or Entrance of any Weighing Room opened more that Oner within the Space of any Twelve Hours, nor shall any Officer or Officers- or Excise, in purfoanoe or under Pretence of any such Notice or Notices, unlock or open any such Door or Entrance more than Once within the Space of any Twelve Hours; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstandingw

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall al(b at liis, her or their own Expence, make and conttrud a proper and sufficient Number of Iron Pans or Trays to receive and contain, during the annealing thereof, in the Lear or Lears of or belonging to each Flint Glasshouse or Phial Glasshouse to him, her or them belonging respectively, all the Articles, Vessels and Utcufils of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass respectively, which shall from time to time be made or blown, at or in such respective Glasshouse, and shall also find, provide and apply to such Iron-Pans or Trays, good and sufficient Chains, Rollers, Itistruments, Apparatus and Machinery* fit and proper for working the said Iren Pans or Trays, and conveying and conducing the fame respectively, with such Articles, Vessels and Utensils of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass respectively therein or thereon, immediately from the Mouth or Mouths of such Lear or Lears, into the said Lear or Lears, for the Purpose of annealing the fame therein, and shall also, at his-, her and their own Etc pence, find, provide and ered, in the most convenient Part of every such Glasshouse for using the fame, a fit, proper and convenient Windlass, for the Purpose of drawing, rolling, conveying and conducting all and every such Pans or Trays, with the said Articles, Vessel and Utensils of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass therein or thereon, from the Mouth or Mouths of the said Lear or Lears, into the said Lear or Lear3, and also for drawing, rolling, conveying and conducing all and ever}' such Pans or Trays, with the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils of Flint Glais or of Phial Glass therein or thereon, through the said Lear or Lears, and for drawing, rolling, conveying and conducing the said Pans of Trays, with the fakl Articles, Vessels- and Utensils respectively therein or thereon, from and out of the said Lear or Lears into the said Weighing Room, when such Articles, Vessels and Utensils respectively shall have been sufficiently annealed in the said Lear or Lears, for the Purpose of the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall from time to time be weighing and taking an Account of such Articles, Vessels and Utensils respectively, in the said Weighing Room, and charging the Duty for or in respect thereof respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall neglect or refuse so to make or conttrud a proper and sufficient Number of Iron Pans or Trays to contain and convey into ar»d out of such Lear or Leats for the Purpose of annealing all such Articles, Vessels and Utensil as aforesaid, which shall from time to time be made or blown at or in any such Glasshouse, or to find, provide or apply to such Iron Pans or Trays, or any or either of them, such good and sufficient Chains, Rollers, Instruments, Apparatus and Machinery, fit and proper for working the said Iron Pans or Trays, or any or either of them, for any or either of the Purposes in that BclwJfi aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to find, provide-or ered, in manner in that behalf aforesaid*

any

401

ing Room, which is to be kept locked by Officer.

Notice of opening Weighing Room.

NcgV6bng ro build Weighing Room.

Penilty.

Flint ami Phial' Glass Makers to-provide AuncaU# ing Pans or Trays, with a Windlass and Machinery for carrying them, with the Glals Wares therein, through the l, ear, into the Weighing Room*

Refusing so con-flrutt Iron Pans, &c.

4o*

Peiuhy.

flint Glas* Makers to d* j'olit the Waies on (lie Tray*, and whan tilled, to convey them into the Lt-ar, and from thence imo the Weigh* ii; jg Room.

Refilling to p'nce At ticks in Pans, £c.

[Penalty.]

Flint and Phial CJhls M..keis toive Officer a Declaration of Number of Pans tilled with Gbfs, of that Journey.

Penalty-

Flint and Phial Gla'.'s Makers to j*ovide Scales smd Weights at Glass-house.

C. 69. 51° GEORGII III. A.B.iStiv

any such fit* peeper <* eoirtenieqt Wfadfafa a % fa fa thrt h«h*lf aforesaid,11 3*4 e Wy'fifaH Maker o* Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glafa respectively so qffpn<jUng> shall for each and every Inch Offence; forfeit ami lose the Sum of Two hundred Pound*.,

XX. And be it further enacted, ThatU and revery Mak?r and Makers of Flfat Gfafe or of Phial Glaft shall from time to time, and at.all fames Jvhe* atfd. fcfoon.ps a»y Article, Vessel or Ufanfil of Flint Glafa or of Phial Glass shall be made or blown* puL say, and dqpofit the fame on or in one of such Pans or Tray* which shall at that time! be placed within, the Mouth or Entrance of the Tear for the Purpose of receiving the Articles, Vessels and Utensils of Flint Gfafa or of Phial Gfafa so made dr blown, and shall in like maimer proceed and-continue to put, say and deposit 011 or in the Add Pan or Tray so placed as aforesaid, such Articles, Vessels or Utensils as aforesaid, until the Bottom or Surface of the said Pan or Tray shall be filled or covered, and shall keep and-continue all and every such Articles, Veflfefa $qd Utensils respectively on or in such Pan or Tray, until the fold Articles, Vessels and Ut.enfifa shall be drawn, rolled, .removed, conveyed of conduced on or in such Fan or Tray fafcq the Lear of the said Gfafshouse as herein after mentioned; andr whdn and so soon. as the Bottom or Surface of such Pan or Tray shall be filled Qr covered by or with fhek Articles, Vessefa or Ut<mM$ as aforesaid, such; Maker or Makers shall by. means of such Chains, Rollers, Instruments, Windlafa and Machinery as aforesaid, draw, roll, remove, convey and conduct the fame with the whole of the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils therein or thereon into the said Lear, for the Purpose of annealing the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils respectively therein 5. and such Maker or Makers shall keep and continue each such Pan or Tray with the said Articles, Vefiefaaqd Utensils respectively therein or thereon in such Lear, until the said Articles, Vessefa and Utensils shall be sufficiently annealed*and when the same shall be so annealed, shall in like manner draw, roll, remove, convey and condu£\ the said Pan or Tray with the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils therein or thereon from and out of such Lear directly unto and into thfc said Weighing Room, and shall, without altering or disturbing the Positions of such Articles, Vessels and Utensils, or any or either of them, on or in such Pan or Tray, keep and continue the fame in the said Weighing Room, until the Officer or Officers of Exciseunder whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall then be, shall have taken an Account of and weighed the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils respectively, and charged, the Duty for or in respect thereof respectively; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall neglect or refuse to put, lay or deposit any Article, Vessel or Ulenfil of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass on or in one of such Pans or Trays so placed as aforesaid, when and so soon as such Article, Vessel or Utensil shall be blown or made, or shall neglect or refuse to proceed or so to continue to put, lay or deposit on or in the said Pan or Tray so placed as aforesaid, such Articles, Vessels or Utensils as aforesaid, until the Bottom or Surface of the faijd Pan Qr Tray shall be filled or covered, or shall neglect or refuse to keep or continue any such Articles, Vessels or Utensils respectively on or in such Pan or Tray as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse so to draw, roll, remove, convey or condtf& any such Pan or Tray with the whole of the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils therein or thereon into the said Lear, for the Purpose of annealing the said Articles, Veifeis and Utensils respectively therein 5 or if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to keep or continue any such Pan dr Tray with the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils respectively therein qr thereon in any such Lear, until the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils shall be so annealed, or shall neglect or refuse so to draw, roll, remove* convey or conduct fa manner in that behalf aforesaid, any such Pan or Tray with such Articles, Vessels and Utensils as in that behalf aforesaid, therein or thereon, from or out of such Lear directly unto and into the said Weighing Room, or shall neglect or refuse to keep or continue any such Articles, Vessels or Utensils as in that behalf aforesaid, without altering or disturbing the Positions thereof, or the Postion of any or either of them, on or in any such Pan or Tray as in that behalf aforesaid, or to keep or continue the fame in the said Weighing Roqm until the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall then be, shall have taken an Account of, and weighed the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils respectively, and charged the Duty for and in respect thereof respectively, all and eve.ry such Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glafa, so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit wdlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Gkfe shall, when and so soon as any Journey or Making of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall be ffaiftied, and before the Mouth, Entrance or Iron Grating of the Lear or Lears* or any or either of them, ioto which the Articles, Vessels or Utensils of Flint Glass or of Phial Gfafs respectively of that Journey or Making shall have been put, shall be locked, fattened or secured by the proper .Officer or Officers of Excise, deliver to the proper Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, specifyfag the true-Number of such Iron Pans or Tray* as aforesaid, into or on which such Articles, Vessels or Utensils of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, as the case may be, of that particular Journey or Making shall have been put, and which shall Have been so filled with such Articles, Vessels or Utensils, and put or deposited in each such Lear 5 and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Declaration in Writing, such Maker or Makers so offending-shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glas* shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, at the Place or Places where he, she or they shall make or manufacture any Flint Glass or Phial Glass, and shall, at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix within his, her or their Weighing Room and Re- weighing Room respectively, fit. and proper Hooks or Staples, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame, for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of and re-weighing the Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively, which shall at any time be in the Possession of fonh Maker and Makers 5 and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect.ta keep such. Scales, and Weights, or either of them*

or

t.

51° GEORGII III.

C. 69. 40$

or shall not at hid, her or their own Expence find, pro^side and affix in manner afon-said, fi: ch fit and proper

Hooks or Staples as aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame,

such Maker or Makers shall, for etch and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Penalty.

Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers shall, in the weighing or re-weighing of any Flint Glass or Makingufe of

Phial Glass, make use of, or cause, or procure, or suffer to be made use of, any false, r.njuft or inefficient Scales.

Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers

may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight of any such Flint Glass or Phial Glass

respectively, then and in every such case such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence,

forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Penalty.

Weights respectively, and the same shall and may befeised by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Flint and Phial

Glass, being desirous to have any Weighing Room to him, her or them belonging, unlocked and opened, for j*rs to

the Purpose of weighing and charging with the Duty any Flint Glass or Phial Glass therein, shall give to |}oiiCefor °l'rk the Officer of Excise under whose Survey lie, (he or they shall then be, Six Hours previous Notice in having Weighing

Writing of his, her or their being so desirous, and specifying in such Notice each particular Weighing Room Rooms opened,

which he, she or they is or are so desirous to have unlocked or opened for the Purposes aforesaid, and the

particular Time and Hour at which he, she or they is or are desirous to have the fame so unlocked or opened; and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and shall unlock and open such Weighing Room for the Purposes aforesaid, and such Officer shall proceed to weigh, and shall weigh the whole of the Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively, (whether whole or .broken) with such Scales and Weights as aforesaid in the said Weighing Room, and shall charge such Maker or Makers with the Duty for and in vefpeft of such Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively, according to such Weight:

Provided always nevertheless, that no such Maker or Makers shall be at Liberty to give any such Notice for In what case having any such Weighing Room, or the Door or Entrance thereof opened, for the Purposes aforesaid, at Notice void for any ether time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning, and Six in the Afternoon; and every pP«n>nS Weigh-

Notice given for having any such Weighing Room, or the Door or Entrance thereof opened, at any otherng Room* Time or Hour than between the Hours in that behalf aforesaid, shall, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have cause to suspect Warrwt to that any Flint Glass, or Phial Glass, which shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, have been frau- fcarchfor Glafc-dulently removed or conveyed away before the same shall have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers fraudulently of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be deposited, lodged, hid or concealed in any Place couvcye<l

or Places whatsoever, then and in such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or

Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them,

or in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath, made by such Officer or Officers

before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place, where such

Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be deposited, lodged, hid or concealed (which respective Oaths

they the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, and Justice or Justices of the Peace

reflectively, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), setting forth the Ground of his or their

Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of

them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively (as the case may require) before whom such Oath

shall be made, if they or he shall jud^e it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if

in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Flint Glass 01 Phial Glass to be deposited,

lodged, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Flint Glass and Phial Glass which he or they shall then and there find so deposited, lodged, hid or concealed as forfeited; and if any Person or Persons what- OMtruAingEf*

soever shall let, obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other edition of Scotch

Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Affillauce in the Execution of such Warrant, from entering Warrant.

any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so fufpc6t such Flint Glass or Phial Glass to he

so deposited, lodged, hid or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away the fame, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit Penalty.

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Enamel, Stained or Paste Glass, which shall be made in Great Enamel, ftc.

Britain shall be deemed and taken to be Flint Glass within the meaning of this Act. deemed Flint

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every such Weighing of any such Flint Glass or Phial Glass,

the Turn of the Scale shall be given in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed to such rfUic*0

Maker or Makers of such Flint Glass or Phial Glass respectively, One Pound Weight upon each and every Crown.

One hundred Pounds of such Flint Glass or Phial Glass so weighed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass, shall, and he, Glass Makers so flic and they js and are hereby required, at his, her and their own Expence, to find and provide, or crett, provide Rebuild, make and construct a good, sufficient and secure Re-weighing Room, in or adjoining to each and every weighing Rooip, Flint Glasshouse or Phial Glasshouse, as the Case may require, to him, her or them belonging, which Room

shall be contiguous and next adjoining to the said Weighing Room, and shall be separated or divided therefrom weighed and only by a Wall not more than Two Feet in Thickness, and the Door of Communication shall be in such Wall charged by between the said Weighing Room and Re-weighing Room; and no such Rc-weighi»g Room shall have officer for»

more lifts,

404

C. 69.

51° GEORGII III.

A.f). 1811.

Neglecting to build Re weigh* ing^Room.

Sc c.

unless re-weighed more than Two Doors or Entrances into the fame, One thereof being the said Door of Communication between j" l*'c Inte.u the said Weighing Room and Re*weighing Room, and the other thereof opening into or communicating r> upcrvi.or. any part of the Premises appertaining to the Glasshouse to which such Re-weighing Room may belong;

and each and every such Re-weighing Room, and the Doors or Entrances thereof, shall be fecmvly locked* failened and sealed by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass respectively shall from time to time be, whenever any Glass which shall have been weighed and charged by such Officer or Officers shall be or remain, put, placed or deposited therein, for and during the Space of Six Hours after the same shall have been weighed, unless the same shall have been sooner Te-weighed by the Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act; and when and so soon as any Flint Glass or Phial Glass shall be weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, the Maker or Makers thereof shall, with a sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, without Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, remove and convey the fame and ever\ Part thereof from and out of the said Weighing Room unto and into the said Re-weighing Room, and shall there place and deposit the fame in the said Re-weighing Room separate and apart from all other Glass or Glass Wares whatsoever 5 and such Flint Glass or Phial Glass respectively shall remain in such Re-weighing Room where so placed or deposited for the full Space of Six Hours after the same shall have been so weighed as aforesaid, unless the same shall have been sooner re-weighed by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, to the end that the said Surveyors or Supervisors respectively may have an Opportunity to weigh or re-weigh the fame 5 and the said respective Surveyors or Supervisors are hereby authorized and empowered to weigh or re-weigh all such Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively accordingly; and if upon the re-weigh-ing thereof auy additional Weight shall be discovered or found, such additional Weight of Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively shall be chargeable and charged with the respective Duties by Law payable for or in respect of such Flint Glass or Phial Glass respectively; and in case any such Flint Glass or Phial Glass so removed and conveyed into any such Re-weighing Room, shall not be re weighed by any Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise within the said Space of Six Hours, then and in every such case the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers of Glass shall then be, shall lock, seal and fallen the said Weighing Room, and the said Door of Communication between the fame and the said Re-weighing Room, and shall unlock and open the said other Door or Entrance into the said Re-weighing Room; and if any inch Maket or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall liegledl or refuse to find and provide, or erect, build, make or GOnitruH such Re-weighing Room as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, when and so soon as any Flint Glass or Phial Glass shall be weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, with a sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, to remove or convey any such Flint Glass or Phial Glass without Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch from or out of the said Weighing Room, unto and into the said Re-weighing Room, or shall neglect or refuse to place or deposit the fame or any Part thereof in the said Re-weighing Room as aforesaid, separate and apart from all other Glass or Glass Waves whatsoever, or shall remove t»r convey, or cairfe, procure or suffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of such Re-weighing R00&1, any Flint Glass or Phial Glass before the End or Expiration of Six Hours next after the same shall have been so weighed as aforesaid by the proper Officer of Excise, unless the same shall have been sooner weighed or re-weighed by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Iron Grating. &c. Provided always nevertheless, that no Iron Grating, Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room, shall be deemed to lie approved.or taken to be a good, sufficient or secure Iron Grating, Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room, unless the ol l'y Officer. fame shall be approved of by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District within which the Lear to the Mouth or Entrance of which such Iron Grating shall belong, or for which the r' fame is intended, shall be situate, or within which such Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room, as the case

may be, shall be situate.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That proper Locks, Keys and all other necessary Fattening* for securing and sealing every such Lear, and the Mouth or Entrance and Iron Grating thereof, and for securing and sealing every such Weighing Room and Re weighing Room respectively, and the Door or Entrance at Glais Make*5 thereof respectively, shall be provided by the respective Surveyors and Supervisors of Excise of such Division or District, at the Expence of such Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass respectively, as the case may require; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to pay for any Lock, Key or other necessary Faltenings, which shall be provided by any Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall ^bftrudl or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed m that behalf, in the fixing or placing any such Fattening in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall direct, or think expedient to answer any of the Purposes by this Axil, in that behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing or securing any such Lear, or the Mouth or Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, or in the locking, sealing or securing any such Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room, or the Door or Entrance of the fame respectively, or any such Fattening as aforesaid, or by any Means, Art, Device or Contrivance whatsoever, shall open any such Lock or Lear, or the Mouth, Entrance or Iron Grating thereof, or any such Weighing Room or Re-weighing Room, or the Door or Entrance of the fame respectively, or shall clandestinely enter or gain Admittance, or make any Hole or Opening into any such Lear, after the fame or the Mouth or Entrance or Iron Grating thereof shall have been locked, sealed, fattened or secured as aforesaid, or into any such Weighing Room or Reweighing Room after the fame, or the Door or Entrance of the lame respectively shall have been locked, sealed, fattened or secured as aforesaid, before the fame respectively shall have been unlocked and opened by the proper Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Door, Lock, Seal, Iron Grating

[Penalty.]

Supervisors to prAride Locks sum Fattening*

Expence. Neglect, &c.

r

51° GEORGII III.

C. 69. 405

A.D. 1811.

or Fattening, every such Maker or Maker*, or other Person or Persona so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Locks, Keys or Fattening* shall be provided in l^cks and Faf-

pursuance of this Act, all and every Maker and Makers of Glass, to whom such Locks, Keys and Fastenings tenings to be respectively shall then belong, shall at his, her or their own Expence from time to time and at all times whenn<*

required so to do by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, of the Division or Distria in which "VJl such his, her or their Glasshouse shall be situate, immediately set about altering, repairing and amending, and c.Jafv Maker^ shall also, within a Teasonable time then next following, alter, repair and amend the lame respectively according to such Requisition; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glass to whom any such Locks, Keys

end Fastenings, or any or either of them shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about altering, repairing or amending the same, or to alter, repair or amend the fame when thereunto required, according to the Directions of this Act, he, she or they shall, for each and every such Neglect or Refusal,

'forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, Hint and pfihl '/hall, when and so often as he, she or they shall be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excise Glass Makers to under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, with a sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen Officers in or Servants, aid and affilt to the utmost of his, her or their Power, such Officer or Officers, or Surveyor or 'vc!^jns Supervisor, in weighing and taking an Account, or in re-weighing all Flint Glass or Phial GlaL of such wc, Shu18* Maker or Makers 011 Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Un*ei?!i*d Flint Glass shall, from time to time and at all times, keep all Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively in his, her or and Phul CU?s their Custody or Possession, and which shall not have been weighed by the Officer of Excise according to the to be kept apart. Directions of Act, separate and apart from all Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively which shall have been weighed* and from all other Glass Wares whatsoever, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

1XXX1L And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or Phial Glass shall Flint Glass Ma-fraudulently remove or convey away any Flint Glass or Phial Glass from any Lear or other Place before the kers c£"ve>, ng proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Flint Gbfcbc-Glaifs or Phial Glass to such Officer that he may weigh the fame, all and every Maker and Makers shall, for foie weighed, each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, together with all such Flint Glass or Phial Glass respectively; and the fame respectively shall and may be feixed by any Officer or Officers Penalty, of Excise.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass F*', nt a*>d Fh*ol shall, for the annealing of any Flint Glass or Phial Glass, make use of any private or concealed Lear, Ghl^Maker*.'annealing Arch, Oven, Utensil or Place whatsoever, other than his, her or their known Lear or Lears "ut an eutered entered for that Purpose, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance for answering the Purpose of a x.ear.

Lear or annealing Arch or Oven, for the Purpose of annealing any Flint Glass or Phial Glass 5 or if any such Maker or Makers shall make use of any Art, Device or Contrivance, other than an entered Lear to answer the Purpose of a Lear for the annealing of any Flint or Phial Glass; each and every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Penalty. Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Flint or Phial Glass, shall, and he, she and they is and are hereby required, at or before the Hour of Six in the Evening of Makers to Saturday in each and every Week, to work out into Wares, or to cause and procure to be worked out into of Flint^°^ Wares, the whole of the Metal or Preparation which shall at any time during that Week have been founded $\x of Snurday.i or melted in any Pot or Pots to him, her or them belonging, for the making of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, Evening.

on pain to forfeit, for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided Penalty, always nevertheless, that notning hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to ^°vifofor.subject any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass to the said last mentioned Penalty, for or by curar, ^r p^nalt reason of his, her or their not working out the Allowance of one Inch deep made to such Maker or Makers, by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, at the Bottom of 17 G. 3. c. 39. any such Pot; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. h 31* ,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and cveiy Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass Maker* to shall, when and so soon as any Journey shall be finished if the same shall be finished at or before the Hour of charge Iotswith Six in the Evening of Saturday in any Week, or if the same shall not be finished at or before such Hour, then ^Sixfothe*all and every such Maker and Makers shall at such Hour in the Presence of the Officer of Excise under whose Evening of Si-Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be again charged, each and every Fot from or out of which any turday, in l»re-Glass Wares shall have been worked in such Journey with fresh Materials or Preparations (other than Gullet knee of Officer, or broken Glass), not less in Quantity than Fifty Pounds Weight 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Flint

Glass or Phial Glass shall not in the Presence of such Officer when and so soon as ary Journey shall be finished, if the same shall be finished before the Hour of Six in the Evening of Saturday in any Week, or if the same shall not be finished at or before such Hour, then if such Maker or Makers shall not at such Hour in the Presence of such Officer again charge each and every such Pot or Pots with fresh Materials or Preparation as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing Penalty, hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any Maker or Makers p w*?*t case. of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass, to the said last mentioned or any other Penalty for or by reason of his, hep n°l 51 Geo. III. 3 G or

406

lCo Flint or Phial Glass Maker to manufacture any other Sort of GUIs in his Hint Ghlshouse, &c.

Penalty. Making of condition Bottle Metal, any

bottles ids than repr.ted Ii*lf Pint.

Penalty. O^rUl i-, S

Penaby

Drawbacks allowed agreeably to 26 G. 3. C. 77.,0.

Pj oviio.

Officers to take Account of Stock in Hand for Exportation, to entitieMakers u>Drawba<k, &c.

O.3. c. 77.

C. 6y. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 181 r.

or their not charging with stich fresh Materials or Preparations as aforesaid, any such Pot from or out of which such Maker or Makers shall, in the Presence of such Officer, and under a previous Notice in Writing given by such Maker or Makers of Glass to such Officer, by the Space of Two Hours have laded out into Water the whole of the Metal remaining in any such Pot or Pots at the time of such lading as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass shall make or manufacture within the same Glasshouse or Building, by him, her or them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, or in any Glasshouse or Building adjoining thereto, any Sort or Species of Glass or Glass Wares whatever, other than Flint Glnfs and Phial Glass; and if any such Maker or Makers shall make or manufacture within the same Glasshouse or Building by him, her or them entered or used for the making or manufacturing of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, or iu any Glasshouse or Building adjoining thereto, any Species of Glass or Glass Wares other than Flint Glass and Phial Glass, all and every such Maker or Makers respectively so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, iorfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Glass shall make of common Bottle Metal, any Bottle or Bottles smaller or of less Size or Content than what is commonly deemed and reputed an Half Pint Bottle; and if any Maker or Makers of Glass shall make of common Bottle Metal, any Bottle or Bottles smaller or of less Size or Content than aforesaid, the Maker or Makers of Glass so offending (half, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Flint Glass or Phial Glass, the Person or Persons so offending therein, shall, for each and every such Offence, (other than those for which any Ifenalty is hereinbefore specially imposed or provided) severally forfeit the Sum of Three hundred Pounds: Trovided always nevortheless, that nothing in this Art contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to make it unlawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excise, from time to time and at all times, to inspeCV, examine, gauge or otiicrwife to take an Account of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared, or founded or founding for the making of Glass in any such Glasshouse or Building as aforesaid, as well before such Metal or Materials shall be put into any Pot or Pots, as after the same shall be put into any Pot or Pots, or to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding Eight Ounces in the whole, out of each such Pot, or any other Vessel or Utensil, containing such Preparation for making Glass.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks by this Art allowed shall be paid and allowed

out of the Duties of Excise by this Art imposed, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, contained and provided in and by an Art made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback: Provided always nevertheless, that, from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, no Drawback shall be paid or allowed for or lipon the Exportation of any Flint Glass or Phial Glass (whether made before or after the passing of this Art) save and except the Drawback of Two Pounds Nine Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Flint Glass or Phial Glass respectively.'*

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, the proper Officers of Excise shall take an Account of such of the Articles, Vessels and Utensils of Flint Glass and of Phial Glass in the Stock, Custody or Possession of all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass or of Phial Glass respectively, which shall at one and the same time be produced and shewn by any such Maker or Makers to such Officer or Officers for the Purpose of being so taken an Account of for Exportation, to entitle such Maker or Makers to the Drawback herein after mentioned, and thereupon all and every such Maker and Makers shall forthwith declare to such Officer or Officers the Particulars and Quantity of such Articles, Vessels and Utensils by him, her or them intended for such Exportation, and such Maker or Makers shall forthwith separ2te and divide all such Articles, Vessels and Utensils so declared for such Exportation from all other Articles, Vessels and Utensils of Glass in hi?, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, and shall make Oath before such Officer or Officers, (and which Oath such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) that the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils, and every Part thereof so declared for Exportation, were really and bona fide made before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and that the Duties for or in respect of the Materials or Metal from whence^the fame and every Part thereof, were blown, made or manufactured, were duly charged by the Officer or Officers of Excise, and such Maker or Makers shall also forthwith in the Presence of inch Officer or Officer, remove, carry and convey the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils so declared for Exportation, into some near, secure and convenient Room to be approved of by fuc h Officer or Officers, where and in which the same shall be safely and securely locked up by such Officer or Officers, and shall remain and continue so locked up, and without such Maker or Makers or any other Person or Persons other than the proper Officers of Excise having any Entrance into the said Room, or any Accefa to the said Glass until the packing up thereof for Exportation, tinder, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restri6tions and Provisions contained and provided for packing up Glass for Exportation in and by an Art made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit a time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise; and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains and Carts by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment offederal Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise; and each Package of the said Glass shall also be marked or distinguished in such manner as the

Commis.

A.D. 1811, jj' GEORGII III. C. 69. 407

Commissioncft of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall direct, and upon the said Articles, Vessels and Utensils so produced, declared and made Oath to having been so taken an Account of, locked up and packed up as aforesaid, and being also shipped and exported under, fubied and according to the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback, a Drawback of Three Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence shall be allowed, undot, subject and according to the said Rules, Regulations. Restrictions and Provisions for every One hundred Weight, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Glass; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

XLI. And whereas by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King 17 G. 3. c.

George the Third, among other things, for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass, it is, among other §37*

things, enacted, that every Person and Persons who shall knowingly enter, or cause or fuller to be entered

any broken or waste Glass for Exportation, with Intent that any Drawback or Allowance should be ob-

tained, shall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, for every such Offence also forfeit and lose ' the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And whereas it is expedient to forfeit all such broken and watte Glass; f

Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly enter, or cause or suffer to be*entered Bi.'k.m Glafi, any broken or waste Glass for Exportation, with Intent that any Drawback or Allowance shall be obtained, ^c* such broken or waste Glass respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Offleers of Excise. Penalrv.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall Penalt y ancf be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means and methods, as any Fine, Penalty or For- forfeitures i.r-w feiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminftcv, or in the Court of Exchequer totlond; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to Hi*

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regu- former Act? <* lationa, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by any Act or Acts of \°tiiiS Parliament relating to the Duties on Glass, or on the Materials or Metal, or other Preparation made use of in f

Great Britain in the making of Glass, or to the paying or allowing of any Drawback on the Exportation of Glass, in force immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, are contained, provided, settled or established, for managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing and securing the said Duties, or for paying or allowing any Drawback of the said Duties, and for preventing, deteding and punching Frauds relating thereto, except where the same are expressly repealed or altered by this Act, shall be and remain in full Force and biffed, to all intents and purposes; and the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, except as before excepted, shall continue and be duly observed, practised, applied, used and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, except as before excepted, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things had been expressly inserted and r^enacted in this present Act*

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necef- Consolidated

fary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted^ shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt Fund*

of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be earned to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain

XLV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 45 G. 3. c. 30.

intituhyl. An Act for granting unto His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, it is

provided, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasuner for the time being, shall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of the said Act, cause a Separate and distinct Account of the Additional Duties by the said Act granted, to be pre-

pared and annually laid before Parliament pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty ftcond Year of the Reign 4* G. 3. c. 7©,

4 of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dire3ing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before

Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in use: And whereas One third Part

of the Duties by this Act repealed, and in lieu of which other Duties are by this Act imposed, constituted and made Part of the additional Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and it is therefore expedient that Provisions should be made for ascertaining the Pro*

duce of One third Part of the Duties by this Act imposed; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after Manner of the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the whole of the Duties granted by this Act keeping Account shall be entered together in one Account, but that the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or Lords of AJutie*' Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being, shall, for'and

during the Remainder of the said Period of Ten Years, to be computed from the Commencement of the said Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, cause a separate and distinct Account of One third Part of the Duties by this Act granted, to be made out in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or the Lords Commissioners of His MajestyV Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, bed adapted to ascertain the Amount of One third Part of the said Duties, which Account the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty^ Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the Public Accounts directed to be laid before

3 G 2 Parliament

49 G 3. 63-

tfontinuod till Autj i,

49 G-.v c 63-

I 10.

Pi^v'.so fot* Makers«f Spreid Window G!a*» or Crown GliI's as to Penalty of 20l. by 49 Cr.3. c. 63.

|iO.

Reflri&ion of Drawbacks of

4*0.3. c 63. 5 3-

How Crown Glass, 8tc. to be exported*

[Penalty.]

Commence-

meatyfcc.

44O.3.C. 98.

Duties on Hats and Licences for vei ding Hats to

teat*

C. 69, 70. si' GEORGII III. A.D. 18tt.

Parliament pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Forty Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XLVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better CoueBton of the said Duties; it is enacted, that the fame should continue and be in force from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nine, for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from that Day; and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued; Be it enacted, That the said recited Act shall continue and remain in force from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve; save and except as the Provisions thereof are altered by this Act.

XLVII. And whereas by a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, it is enacted, that before any Makes or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass as in that Act mentioned, shall begin to close or (lop up any annealing Arch or Oven containing any Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass, lie, (he or they shall deliver to the proper Officer of Excise, a Declaration in Writing, specifying the true Number of Tables of Spread Glass or Crown Glass respectively put or deposited and edntained m each and every such annealing Arch respectively; and if any such Maker or Makers as in that Act mentioned shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Declaration in Writing as last aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds: And whereas it may sometimes happen that, from Errors in counting and otherwise, the true Number of Tables of Spread Glass or Crown Glass respectively put or deposited and contained in any such annealing Arch may be mistaken, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned; y Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, no Maker or Makers of Spread Window Glass or Crown Glass shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, for or by reason of any Declaration by him, her or them, delivered as or for the Declaration required by the said recited Clause, not specifying the true Number of Tables of Spread Glass or Crown Glals respectively put or deposited and contained in any such annealing Arch, provided the Number of Tables of Spread Glass or Crown Glass respectively specified in such Declaration so delivered shall not vary more than at and after the Rate of Five ter Centum from the true Number of Tables of Spread Glass or Crown Glass respectively put or deposited ana contained in such annealing Arch; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary m any wife not with (landing.

XLVIII. And whereas in and by the aforesaid Act certain Drawbacks are allowed for Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, and for all other Window Glass not being Spread Glaf3, whether flafiied or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain, and exported to Foreign Parts or to Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that no Drawback should be allowed on the Exportation of any such*Glass, unless the same shall be exported in Tables or regular Figures of certain Diraenfions; Be it therefore enacted, That no Drawbacks shall be allowed for or in respect of any such Glass exported, unless the same shall be shipped and exported in Whole Tables, Half Tables, or Quarter Tables, or in regular Panes, Squares or Rectangular Figures, the Four Sides of which together shall meafdre at lead Fourteen Inches, and of which no Side shall measure less than Three Inches, or Lozenges of which the Four Sides together shall measure at lead Fourteen Inches, and no Side of which shall measure less than Three Inches and an Half, and all Window Glass of other Shape or less Dimensions than as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be Waste G afs within the Meaning of the said Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly enter or ship, or cause or procure to be entered or shipped for Exportation, in order to obtain any Drawback by the said Act granted or allowed, any Spread-Window Olafs, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass or other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass as aforesaid, not being in Whole Tables, Half Tables, Quarter Tables, or in regular Panes, Squares, or Rectangular Figures or Lozenges of the Dimensions aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every Crate, Parcel, Box or Package of such Glass so entered or shipped, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and shall remain and continue in force for the Space of One Year, to be computed from that Day.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for repealing the Hat Duty in Great Britain.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fourth .Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lien thereof certain Stamp Duties were imposed upon Hats and upon Licences for vending Hats by Retail, which it is expedient should now be repealed : f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, front and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the said Duties on Hats and on

ij Licences

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII IIf. C. 70, 71. 409

Licences for tending Hats by fcetail, granted by the said Act, shall ceafeand determine, and all Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act, and in any other Act or Acts of Parliament for the raising, levying, collecting or fecnring of the said Duties, shall be and the same are hereby from thenceforth repealed; save and except so Sir as regards such of the said Duties, or so much and such Parts thereof, as shall have become due or payable, or ought to have been paid, and all such Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences relating to the fame Duties, or any of them, as shall have been incurred before or upon the said Fifth Day of July.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Dealers in Hat Linings, and for all licensed Denlers nuy de-Dealers ip Hats, who shall, on the Sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be possessed of liver up to Cow-Boy Hat Linings duly stamped for denoting the Duties on Hats, and which shall not have been used, or worn,

or fold with any Hat, to deliver the same to the Commissioners of Stamps, in order that the Stamps thereon U'

may be cancelled; and on due Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Commissioners Part of them, by Affidavit or solemn Affirmation made before the said Commissioners, or any One or more on being satis-of them, or before a Mailer in Chancery Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who are hereby respectively authorized lied that Hat to take the fame, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose) that such Hat Linings had not been used, or worn, or sold with any Hat, and that the Possessors thereof had bona fde paid, or then ajiQW 1 flood bound or liable to pay the Duties marked thereon, and of all such other Circumstances as the said Commissioners or the major Part of them shall in their Discretion judge necessary for the Purpose of preventing Frauds, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in all Cases where the Possessors of such Hat Linings shall have a Credit Account open with the Stamp Office, to allow the Amount of the Duties marked on such Hat Linings, in Reduction of their respective Debts; and in all cases where the PoirelTors shall not have a Credit Account open with the Stamp Office, to return to them the Amount of the Duties maiked on such Hat Linings, fiAdedufting the which shall have been allowed for or in respect of such Duties:

Provided alvvayi||pat no such Allowance or Return of Duties shall be made, unless the same shall be claimed Limitation, within Six Calendar Months after the said Fifth Day of July.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of Distribufors may them, to authorize any of the Distributors of Stamps in the Country, to receive such Hat Linings from any ce, ve Hut such Dem&era at. aforesaid, resident within their respective Districts, and thereupon to do all or any such Acts i l"ulSs* respecting the finite as the said Commissioners themselves are hereby authorized to do.

IV. And 6e it further enacted, That if any Person making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid Perjury.

shall knowingly and wilfully make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set fotfh, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the Abolition and Regulation of certain Offices in the Customs.

[15th June 181 i.J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- 38 G. 3. c. 8& tituled, An Act for abolishing certain Offices in the CuJlomsy and for regulating certain other Offices therein, anTfor applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices towards the Augmentation of the Superannuation Fund; and by an Act, paffi d in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said present 48 G 3. c. 9.

Majesty, intituled, An Act for abolishing the Office of Surveyor of Sulfidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London, certain Offices in the Customs were directed to be wholly abolished, as the fame should become vacant, and certain other Offices were also directed to be abolished in Part when they should become vacant;

and that such of the respective Duties as should be deemed useful and necessary should be continued and regulated s And whereas many of the Offices enumerated in the said first recited Act have become vacant, and been abolished under the said Act, and it is expedient to make further Provision for the Abolition and Regulation of certain Offices in the Customs: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the 46 G. 3. c.

Reign of Hit said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed, the Fees, Perquisites and Gratuities paid to certain Officers, Clerks and Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London were wholly abolished: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to 47 G. 3. Sess. c. 4 extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for abolishing Fees received by certain c. 5U 4 Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed, to the Out Ports, and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant OJfwcs in the Customs to the Superannuation Fund, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury were authorized to extend the Provisions of the said last recited Act to any of the other Ports in Great Britain, and which Provisions have b$en accordingly so extended to several of the Ports in Great Britain, and to certain Officers of the Customs employed in such Ports: And whereas it is expedient, in order to give full, general and immediate Effect to the good Purposes intended by the said recited Acts of the Thirty eighth and Forty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, that such of the Offices in the Customs as are by the said Acts directed to be abolished when they become vacant, which have not yet become vacant, should be abolished or regulated 5 and also that all Fees, Perquisites and Gratuities received by Officers, Clerks or other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, as well in the several Out Ports in Great Britain as in the Port of London, should be abolished Mav it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent

4io

Offices in Trble A aSolilhfd Oilices in Table B. aboliilied.

Necessiry Duties to continue.

Offices in Table O. abolished, N^ceflary Duties transferred to other Offices.

Commissioners of Customs to provide for Execution of Duties of Offices.

Power of Persons appointed to execute Duties of abolished Office*.

Treasury to allow Salaries to Persons appointed.

Annual Com-peination to Perfum who held the Offices directed to be abolished.

Compensation I Deputies and Clerks of abo-liffred Offices.

c. 71. 5i8 GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the several Offices enumerated or described in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A.) shall, as

far as the fame or any of them relate to the Port of London, be and the same are hereby wholly abolished 5 and that, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the several Offices enumerated or described in the Tabic to this Act annexed, marked (B.) shall, as far as the fame or any of them relate to the Port of London, be and the same are hereby abolished j and such of the Duties executed in the said Offices as shall be deemed to be necessary and useful, shall continue to be executed and performed according to such Regulations, and by such Persons, and in such manner as shall be appointed under the Provisions of this Act; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the several Offices enumerated or described in the Tabic to this Act annexed, marked (C.J the Duties whereof are in Part necessary, and which Duties may, without Inconvenience to the Public Service, be transferred to and executed in certain other Offices of the Customs, shall, as far as the fame or any of them relate to the Port of London, be and the same are hereby abolished, and the Duties thereof shall he transferred to and executed in other Offices, and by such Persons, and in such manner as shall be directed under the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs ia

England, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to provide for the Execution of the Duties of such of the several Offices enumerated or described in the said Tables to this Act annexed, marked jf B.) and (C.) as shall in their Judgment appear to be necessary or useful, either by appointing under their Hands proper Persons to execute during their Pleasure such Duties of the said several Ofiices, or by consolidating in one or more Office or Offices, or separating into different Offices, such necessary or useful Duties respectively, protherwise regulate any such Office or Offices and the Duties thereof in such manner as they the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, with the Approbation of the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall in their Judgment from time to time deem fit and proper, and with such Approbation order and direct in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall or tnay be appointed under the Provisions of this Act to execute any of the Duties of any of the Offices or Employments enumerated and described in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (B.) and (C.) shall have the fame Powers and Authorities to all intents and purposes, to execute and.perform such Duties respectively, except as far as the fame be by any Order or Regulation made as to any such Duties under the Provisions of this Act, as such persons would have had if they had been appointed to such Offices or Employments respectively before the Abolition of such Offices, and all such Powers and Authorities shall remain in lull Force and Effect for the Execution of all such Duties as shall be so continued and regulated under and subject to the restrictions and Regulations contained in or made under the Provisions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to direct such Salaries to be paid to the several Persons who shall be so appointed to execute any of the Duties of any or either of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (B.) and (C.) as they tHfc said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit.

' V. And whereas it is reasonable and proper that the several Persons holding any of the Offices enumerated or described in any or eitherof the said Tables annexed to this Act, marked (A.) (B.) and (C.) and which 1 Offices are hereby directed to he abolished, should receive a fair and adequate Compensation for the Loss

wrhich they may respectively sustain by the Abolition of their several Offices, and the Salaries, Fees, Per-

quifites and Emoluments appertaining thereto Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to order such annual Compensations to be made to every Person.holding or having any Interest in any Office enumerated or described in either or any of the said Tables, marked {A.) (B.) and (C.) hereby directed to be abolished, as on due Examination and Enquiry shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to be just and reasonable; such Compensation to be paid and to continue during the Lives of such Persons respectively, or during the Continuance of their several and respective Rights and Interests therein.

> VI And be it further enacted, That 011 the Abolition of any of the Offices enumerated or described in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (C.) it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to make such jull and reasonable Compensation as they on due Examination and Enquiry shall in their Judgment think proper, to the Deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Person or Persons who, on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, was or were employed in such Office so abolished as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas the Office of Collector Outwards in the Port of London wras, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two, held by George late Duke of Manchester* for the Term of his Life and the Life of his Brother Charles Greville Montagu, commonly called Lord Charles Greville Montagu, by Letters Patent, and Letters Patent were prepared in the same Year to pass the Great Seal, on a Surrender of the then existing Patent by the said late Duke, granting the said Office to him, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for and during his natural Life, and the natural Lives of William now Duke of Manchester, and

Lord Frederick Montagu, his Sons, in pursuance of His Majesty's Warrant for that Purpose, which Letters

1;Patent

A.D. 1811.

5i* GEORGII III.

C. 7 r.

411

Patent did not pass the Great Seal, but the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office have been ever since enjoyed by the said George late Duke of Manchester and his Family, in the same manner as if such Letters Patent had been completed, it was by the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reigrt of His present Majesty enacted, that during the Lives of the said William Duke of Manchester and Frederick Montagu, commonly called Lord Frederick Montagu, the Salary, Fees and Emoluments due to the Collector

Outwards in the Port of London, should continue to be received and taken in such and the like manner, and

to the like Amount, and that the fame Persons should be entitled to the Profits of the said Office, as if Letters Patent for granting the said Office had been perfected Be it therefore enacted, That the Compensation or Allowance authorized to be made and granted by the Lords of the Treasury upon the Abolition of the said Office of Collector Outwards in the Port of London shall be paid to and for the Use of such Person or Persons as at the time of passing of this Act shall be, or would from time to time hereafter be, legally entitled to demand and receive the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office of Collector Outwards in the said Port of London, in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if such Office had not been abolished by this Act, and to no other Person or Persons whatsoever.

VIII. And whereas the Office of Comptroller of the Customs in the Port of London was, by Letters Patent dated the Twenty sixth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, granted to

Francis then Earl of Guilford, and his Heirs, during the Lives of Francis North and Frederick North, Sous of Sir Frederick North commonly called Lord North, and the Life of the longest Liver of them; and the said Francis Earl of Guilford, by Will dated the Tenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty two, gave and bequeathe*! the Revei fionary Grant of the said Office to Sir Frederick Norths commonly called Lord North, afterwards Earl of Guilford, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who devised and bequeathed his Reversionary Grant therein unto his Sons Francis and Frederick Norths and unto

his Daughters Lady Katharine Ann Douglas, Lady Ann North and Lady Charlotte Norths their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, equally amongst them: And whereas the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office have been divided equally amongst the said Persons accordingly; Be it therefore enacted, That the Compensation or Allowance hereinbefore authorized to be made and granted by the Lords of the Treasury, upon the Abolition of the said Office of Comptroller in the Port of London, shall be paid to and for the Use of the Persons who are at the time of the passing of this Act, or would hereafter be legally entitled to demand and receive the Profits and Emoluments of the said Office under the Will of the aforesaid Frederick Earl of Guilford\ if the said Office had not been abolished under the Provisions of this Act, and to no other Person or Persons whatever.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall be found necessary to make a new Appointment under the Authority of this Act, for the Execution of any of the Duties of either of the Offices enumerated in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked ( B.) and (C)which may be deemed requisite to be performed, although the Patents for the Offices may be abolished, the Commissioners of the Customs shall in all such cases lay an Account of the fame before both Houses of Parliament, within Fourteen Days of the Beginning of the Session next after such Appointment, describing the Office, and the Amount of the Salary which shall be appointed for the same.

X. And whereas it is expedient that the Benefit intended to be afforded to Trade and Commerce by the said recited Acts should, without Delay, be extended as much and as generally as possible, and that Merchants and Traders should be exonerated from the Payment of any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, to any Officer, Clerk or other Person employed in the Service of the Customs, except as herein after is provided; Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, shall be required, taken or received, by any Officer, Clerk or other Person executing or performing or assisting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, ora&ingin any of the Offices or Employments in or belonging to His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed by any or either of such Officers, Clerks or other Persons, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, except as herein after is provided; and all such Officers, Clerks and other Persons respectively, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, receive such annual Salaries or other Allowances as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or moie of them, shall deem to be reasonable for jthe Labour and Trouble of executing the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments; and if any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, shall, at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, require, take or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, either directly or itidirectIv, except as herein after is provided, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, or for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter or Thing, done or performed, or to be done or performed, either therein or.in the Performance or Execution of any Orders or Directions he may have received from the Commissioners of His Majestys Customs, though the same shall be freely offered or given, every such Officer, Clerk or other Person so offending, (hull, on Proof thereof to the Satisf i&ion of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England', or any Four or more of them, be, for the First Offence, peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be tendered- incapable of ever again holding or executing, or acting in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise. 1

38 G. 3. c. 86. % 5-

Compensation to the* Duke of Manchester and Lord Frederick Montagu.

Letters Patent Aug. 46, 1778.

Compensation to the Earl of Guilford and Mr. North.

Account of Officer* appointed to* ext cute Dude* of abolished Patent Offices, lai<£ before Parliament*

Fees in the Port of London abolinied.

Penalty

412

Vroviso for Solicitors taking Irtcs.

Fees taken by < leiks in the Tong Room.

Proviso for taking of the pdd Pence.

Gratuities for expediting War. rams allowed.

Certain Fees may be taken for Cocktts.

[Proviso.]

C. 7T. 5i* GEORGII III. A.D. 18U.

XI. Provided also, artd be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed^io extend to prevent any of the Solicitors of His Majesty's Customs from charging and receiving any Pees which they have been heretofore accustomed to charge and receive on account of the professional Business which they transact in their respective Offices.

XII. And whereas it has long been the Practice for Merchants and others concerned in the Importation

and Exportation of Goods, to leleft and employ such of the Officers or Clerks in the Long Room of the

Custom House London, in preparing, framing and passing Entries of Goods inwards and Outwards as they thought proper: And whereas it is expedient and necessary, for the Accommodation of Trade, that Merchants and others should not be prevented from availing themselves of the Assistance afforded by such Officers and Clerks, when they may require it, but that the Fee or Reward for such Assistance should be regulated

and ascertained; Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Clerk employed in the Service of the Customs in the Long Room of the Custom House London, to render such Assistance as aforesaid to Merchants and others making Entries inwards or outwards, and to take or receive for the fame such Fee or Reward only as the Commissioniers of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time think proper and direct, and any such Officer or Clerk who shall take or receive any greater Fee or Reward for such Service than shall be so allowed and directed, shall be subject to the Penalties of this Act, and be punishable as a Person receiving illegal Fees, contrary to the Provisions thereof.

XIII. And whereas Inconvenience might arise to Merchants and others making Entries at the Custom House in the Port of London if the several Collectors and Receivers of the Duties of Custom9 in the said ' Port were to be subject and liable to the Penalties of this Act, in case they were to receive more than the precise fractional Amount of the Duties of Customs due on any such Entry not amounting to Six Pence,

according to a Practice which has long prevailed; Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Receiver or Collector of any of the Duties of Customs in the Port of London, from receiving and applying to his own Use so much beyond the precise fractional Amount of the Duties legally due on any Entry as shall not in any Instance amount to the oum of Six Pence beyond such precise Amount of Duty; that 19 to say, when the total Sum of the Duties upon an Entry produces a Fraction under Six Pence, he may receive the Six pence, and where it produces a Fraftioa between Six Pence and One Shilling, he may receive the Shilling, provided that the Merchant or other Person making such Entry shall be delirous and willing to pay the same, but not otherwise

XIV. And whereas it is necessary, for the Accommodation of Merchants and Traders, that Warrants of

Entriis inwards in the Port of London should, in certain cases, be issued by the several Receivers and Col-

leftors of the Duties of Customs, and expedited and delivered to the proper Officers appointed to discharge

or deliver the Goods mentioned in any such Entry, without waiting the usual Course of daily Business:

And whereas the Practice of granting such Accommodation to Merchants and others has long prevailed,

and would, if discontinued, be attended with much Inconvenience to Trade: And whereas it is just and reasonable that the Officers of the Customs, by whom such Warrants are to be issued and expedited, should

receive a moderate Recompence for the extraordinary Trouble occasioned thereby Be it therefore enacted,

That in case any Merchant or other Person making any Entry inwards in the Custom House in the Port of

London shall be desirous of having the Warrant of such Entry dispatched before the usual Hour of delivering such Document to the proper Officer of the Customs appointed to attend the Examination and Discharge of the Goods so entered, it shall be lawful for the Receiver or Collector of the Customs in the Port of London, whole Duty it may be to issue such Warrant, and for the Officer commonly called the Clerk of the Warrants in the Long Room of the Custom House London, to expedite and pafsthe fame through the proper Offices, provided the Merchant or other Person making any such Entry shall request to be so accommodated; and in such case the following Gratuity shall be paid to the said Officers; videlicet, to the Receiver or Collector whose Duty it may be to issue such Warrants, the Sum of Six Pence for each Warrant so issued, and no more; to the Officer commonly tailed the Clerk of the Warrants, the Sum of One Shilling for each Warrant so expedited, and no more; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas certain Persons in the Office of the Collector of the Customs outwards in the Port of

London, are directed and employed specially to write Cockets for the shipping of Goods for the Purpose of Exportation: And whereas it has been customary for the Merchants and other Persons entering Goods for Exportation, to select and employ such of the said Cocket Writers as they shall think lit to write such % Cockets: And whereas it is necessary for the Accommodation of the Merchants, and to facilitate the regular shipping of Goods intended to be exported, particularly during a Press of Business, that such Practice should still be allowed* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall be lawful for any Merchant or other Person making an Entry in the Custom House in the Port of London, of Goods intended to be shipped for Exportation to Foreign Parts, and for which it is necessary a Cocket should be first procured, to select and employ any or either of the Persons holding the Office of Cocket Writer in writing such Cocket; and it shall and may be lawful for any such Cocket Writer so employed as aforesaid to receive from the Merchant or other Person making any such Entry, such Fee or Gratuity according to the Trouble occasioned by writing the fame, as shall be agreed on between the Person making the Entry, and such Cocket Writer 5 any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Fee or Gratuity shall not in any case whatever exceed the Sum of Five Shillings, including the Expence of the Parchment on which such Cocket shall be written, which

Parchment

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII IUr C. 7 413

Parchment the said Cocket Writer shall provide at his own Expence; and any such Cocket Writer who shall take or receive any greater Fee or Reward for writing any such Cocket than is hereinbefore allowed, shall be subject to the Penalties of this Act, and be punishable as a Person receiving illegal Fees contrary to the Provision thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Officers may re*, construed to extend, to prevent any Officer or other Person holding or exercising, or acting in, or performing ceive Shares of the Duties of any Office or Employment in the Customs in the Port of London, from receiving such Reward Se, tures*

or Satisfaction, for or on account of any Detention, Seizure or Forfeiture, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Penalty or Share of Penalty or Composition, which, under any Law now in force, or hereafter to be passed in relation to the Duties of Customs, he is or may be legally entitled to; or to prevent any fcich Officer, Clerk or other Person, from receiving any Allowance, Gratuity or Reward, which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Commissioners of His Majesty8 Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, may think fit to direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A d contained shall extend, or be construed to Proviso for preextend, to alter the Hours during which Officers, Clerks and other Persons, employed in the Service of the sent Hours of Customs in the Port of London, are required to attend for the Execution and Discharge of their respective Attendance. Duties, by the before recited Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 46 G. 3. c. 82. An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs m Commissioners

England, or any Four or more of them, shall and may direct and enforce the Attendance of any Officer, of Customs may Clerk or other Person, employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, at any Time rc<ll, 'rc and and at any Place, When on any particular Emergency the Public Service shall so require, and also direct and officers

enforce the Attendance of any Clerk whatever, or of any Officer or other Person so employed in the Service of the Customs receiving daily Pay, or of any Officer or other Person employed in the Water Guard, at such Hours and Times, and at such Places as the fakl Commissioners shall think fit and requisite for the proper Discharge of the official Duties of any such Officer, Clerk or other Person.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who from and after the said Fifth Day of January Oath of Office. One thousand eight hundred and twelve shall be appointed to any Office or Employment in or belonging to

His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, shall at their respective Admissions thereto, or who, having

been so appointed and admitted, shall not have taken the Oath of Office required by Law before the said

Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve shall, instead of the Oath prescribed by an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, take the follow^ 6 & 7 W. & M*

ing Oath; that is to say, c. 1.^3.

I A.B. do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the best of my Knowledge and Power of the Trust committed to my Charge and Inspection in the Service of His Majesty's Customs, and that

I will not require, take or receive, any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any

Sort or Description whatever, either directly or indirectly, for any Service, Ad, Duty, Matter or Thing;

done or performed, or to be done or performed, in the Execut on or Discharge of any of the Duties of9my Office or Employment, on any account whatever, other than my Salary, and what is or shall be allowed9me by Law or by any Special Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the time being. So help me GOD.*

XX. And, in order that proper Compensation may be made to any Officer, Clerk or other Person employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, who may sustain Loss by the Abolition of Fees

directed by this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Compensation tv Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in cases where, on due Examination certain Officers and Enquiry, it shall be made appear to them that the Salaries or Allowances to be paid to Officers, Clerks for i-'eei or other Persons, employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, as a Reward for their Labour (in future) in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices or Employments, may not amount to so much asjt might be just and reasonable to allow to the present Possessors of such Offices or Employments by way^of Compensation for the Loss of Fees formerly received by them respectively, to order such further annual Allowances as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three pr more of them, shall deem just and reasonable to be paid to any such Officer, Clerk or other Person; such further Allowance to commence from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to continue during the time any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, shall hold any such Office or Employment: Provided always, that in case any iUch Officer, Clerk or other Person, shall be re- proviso. moved to any other Office or Employment in the Service of the Customs, the annual Salary or other Emolument of which shall not amount to more than the Salary and the further Allowance by way of Compensation hereby directed to be made to any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, would have amounted to, then and in such case the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may contihue to any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, the Allowance they may have granted by way of Compensation for Loss of Fees, or any Part thereof, notwithstanding such Removal as aforesaid.

9 XXI. And whereas certain Officers, Clerks and other Person9 employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, have been in the Practice of receiving Fees not authorized by Law: And whereas it is necessary and proper that such Persons should be indemnified from any Penalties to which they might be liable in consequence thereof* Be it therefore enacted, That every Officer, Clerk: or other Person employed Indemnity tv 51 Geo. III. 3 H in Officenfor

4*4

having taken Fee* not fane-tiened by l^w.

46 G. 3. c 8z.

47 G.3. Sefll 1. c. 51.

Salaries, fcc. to he paid withou^ Deduction, ex-e« ot Property Tax.

46 G. 3. c. 65.

Treasury may extend Act to the Out Ports on giving Notice in London Gazette.

From Time of Notice, Powers of Act to be extended to Out Ports.

Act may be altered, fice.

C. 71. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and a^ainst all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities incurred for or by reason of the demanding, taking or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, not authorized by the Laws in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to indemnify or discharge any such Officer, Clerk or other Person from any Action, Suit, Information or other Proceeding at Law which shall have been instituted or commenced against any such Officer, Clerk or other Person on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, nor extend to indemnify, free or discharge any Officer, Clerk or other Person holding or acting in any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in the said recited Acts of the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, from any Penalty, Forfeiture, Incapacity or Disability, incurred by any such Officer, Clerk or other Person, by reason of his or their requiring, taking or receiving, or having required, taken or received, any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, contrary to the Directions of the said Acts or either of them; but tba£ all the Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in the said Acts to prevent Officers, Clerks or other Persons, from demanding or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity or Reward, other than as is therein excepted in the said Acts respectively, (half be and remain in full Force and Effect; any thing contained in this present Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Salaries, Allowances or Compensations, heretofore granted or allowed, or which may hereafter be granted or allowed, to any Officer or Officers, Clerk or Clerks, or any Person or Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, or by way of Compensation or Allowance to any Officer, Clerk or other Person, who may have sustained Loss by the Abolition of any Office or Employment, or by the Abolition of Fees, shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, without any Abatement or Dedudiori on account of any Rates or Duties imposed by any Act of Parliament, except the Duty granted by an Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty* intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during tie present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profeffiorut Trades and Offices, and to consolid ate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

XXIII. And whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for extending the Provisions of this'Ad to the Out Ports in Great Britain, as soon as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think the fame should be so extended Be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, whenever it shall appear to them to be expedient and proper, to extend the Provisions of this Act to any of the other Ports in Great Briiainy and to the Officers, Clerks and other Persons, employed in the Service of the Customs at any such Ports, and that the fame can conveniently be done; and the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized, from time to time as they shall think fit, to put in Execution the Powers and Provisions of this Act, a9 to any Out Port or Out Ports in Great Britain, by extending the Provisions of this Act to any such Port or Ports in Great Britain and to the Officers, Clerks and other Perform, employed in the Service of the Customs therein; and in such case the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall give Notice of such Extension, in the London Gazette, Three several times.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the Publication of any such Notices, or any such longer Period from such Publication as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct to be inserted therein, all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in this Act, shall, so far as the same are applicable, be deemed and construed to extend to any such Port or Ports, and to the Abolition of any of the Offices enumerated or described in any such Notice or Notices, and to any Officer, Clerk or other Person, holding any Office or Employment in His Majesty's Customs at such Port or Ports, who shall he enumerated or described in any such Notices, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Officer, Clerk or Person, had been enumerated or described in the Tables annexed to this Act, and as if all the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, so far as the same are applicable, had been repeated and particularly enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Table (A.)

A LIST of OFFICES which, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and

twelve, are to be wholly abolished.

Jnfpcdor of Prosecutions.

Register of Goods seized, and of Informations and Suits.

Inspector and Examiner of the Books of the Patent and other Officers of the Ports.

Keeper of the Books of Entries for the Port or London.

CoDeftor

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII III. C. 71, 72. 415

Collector of the Petty Customs of Aliena in the Port of London, and Keeper of the Cocfcet Seal to the said Office belonging.

Customers at the Out Porta,

the Ad to which this Table is annexed.]

Table (B.)

A LIST of OPFICES which, from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, are to be abolished; the Duties whereof, being useful and necessary, are to continue to be executed.

Patent Inspector of the Out Port Collectors' Accounts and Vouchers.

Patent Comptroller of the Customs in the Port of London, excepting the Duties on Cloth, Wool and Leather, exported.

Patent Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London.

Patent Collector of the Customs of Tonnage and Poundage, outwards, in the Port of London, and Keeper of the Cocket Seal.

Chief Patent Searcher of the Customs in the Port of London.

AH other Patent Searchers in London, or the Out Ports.

Waiters, commonly called Patent King's Waiters, in the Ports of London and Bristol.

Patent Comptrollers at the Out Ports.

L&r the Ad to which this Table is annexed.]

Table (C.)

A LIST of OFFICES which, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, are to be abolished; the Duties whereof, being useful and necessary, are to be transferred to other Offices.

Receiver of His Majesty's Share of enumerated Goods, Fines and Forfeitures, remitted from the Out Ports.

Examiner of the Out Port Books in the Port of London.

Comptroller of the pretermitted Customs in the Port of London.

Collector of the Customs of Hides, Woolsells, Lead and Tin, in the Port of London, and Keeper of the Seal called the Cocket, in the Port aforesaid.

the Ad to which this Table is annexed.]

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for granting Exemptions in certain Cases from the Payment of the Duties charged in respedk of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, kept in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

[15th Jtsne 1811.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His present 4g g. e

4 Majesty, certain Duties are granted to His Majesty on Male Servants, Carriages, Horses for riding 50 G. 3. c. 104. 4 or drawing the said Carriages, and on Dogs, to be annually assessed and paid throughout Great Britain,

which Duties are placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Great Britain: And whereas by a certain Act passed in the fame Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present 48 G.3. c %

Majesty, certain Duties are also granted to His Majesty on Male Servants, Carriages, Horses for riding or drawing the said Carriages, and on Dogs, to be annually levied and paid throughout Ireland, which last mentioned Duties are placed under, the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in

Ireland: And whereas it is just and reasonable that Persons residing partly in Great Britain and partly in Ireland should not pay the Duties granted by the said several Act for the lame Establishment of Servants,

Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in the same Year in both Parts of the United Kingdom May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Peiion who shall have paid the said Duties so payable Persons paying in Great Britain, in respect of any such Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, for the Period of One whole the Duties for Year, who shall also at any time within the same Year, as herein after is provided, be charged to the said G*not1fisiMe Duties so payable in Ireland, for his or her Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, kept in Ireland, (theto pay for fame said Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, so kept in Ireland, being either the fame Servants, Carriages, Establishment in Horses or Dogs, which are so charged in Great Britain in such Year, or Servants in the fame Capacities, or Ireland. Carriages, Horses or Dogs of the fame Descriptions, chargeable in Great Britain with the like Dudes, and

kept in lieu of such of the said Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, as have been bonaJide parted with) shall be wholly exempted from Payment in Ireland for One Year of the Duties so charged thereon, in respect of each and every of the said Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, kept in Ireland; and every Person who Person* Pjy*n<

shall have paid the said Duties so payable in Ireland, in respect of any such Servants, Carriages, Horses or

Dogs, for One Year, who shall at any time within the same Year, as herein after is provided, be charged to ^Amount*

3Ha the Duty in G.B.

Periods at which the refj-eClive Duties commence.

Persons claiming Exemption in G. B. to produce Certificates of Payment of Duties in Ireland.

Amount of such Exemptions to be kept.

Persons claiming Exemptions in Irihml to produce C rtiticites of Payment of Duties in G. B,

Claiming Exemptions t'rau-dulqutly.

C. 72. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. jgit.

£hc Card Duties so payable is Great Britain, for hie or her Servant*, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, kept in Great Britain, the said Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, so kept in Great Britain, being either the fame Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, which are so charged in Ireland in such Year, or Servants in the fame Capacities, or Carriages, Horses-or Dogs, of the fame Descriptions, chargeable in Ireland with the like Duties, and kept in lieu of such of the Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, as have been bona fide parted with, shall be exempted from Payment in Great Britain for One Year, osso much of the said Duties so charged thereon as the Duty paid in Ireland, in respect of each and every of the fame Servants, Carriages, Horses or JJogg, or Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, kept in lieu thereof respectively as aforesaid shall amount unto, provided that due Proof shall be made of such Payments in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in the manner herein after directed.

II. And whereas the said Duties payable in Great Britain are chargeable yearly, from the Fifth Day of*April in each Year, and the said Duties payable in Ireland, are chargeable yearly from the Fifth Day of \ January in each Year; Be it declared and further enabled, That Proof of Payment in Ireland in the manner herein directed, within any Year, commencing on the Fifth Day of January in such Year, shall entitle the Claimant to the Exemption hereby granted in Great Britain, for the Year commencing on the Fifth Day of April following, and Proof of Payment in Great Britain, in the manner herein diredbed, for One Year, from the Fifth Day of April in any Year, shall entitle the Claimant to the Exemption hereby granted in Ireland, within the Year commencing on the Fifth Day of January preceding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from any of the said Duties in Great Britain, by virtue of this Adk, shall produce and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspector of the District where such Claimant shall reside, a Certificate under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, containing a true Copy of the Receipt and Receipts given to such Claimant on all such Payments as aforesaid for the lad Year wherein such Claimant was charged to the said Duties in Ireland, which Certificate shall either contain, or there shall be annexed thereto, a Return containing the Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, paid for in Ireland by such Claimant in the lad Year and the Names and Capacities of the said Servants, and the Descriptions of the said Carriages, Horses and Dogs, as required by the said fird recited Acts, didinguishing which of the said Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, are the fame with those so charged in Ireland, and which of them are kept in lieu of such of the said Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, which have been parted with, and every such Claim being fird signed by the Claimant in his or her own proper Name, and in his or her usual manner of Writing, the lame shall be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, and the said Commissioners shall esquire and examine into the Truth of every such Claim in such manner as they shall think necessary; and the Com* ipissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland shall and they are hereby required to aid and affid the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in their Enquiries and Examinations into such Claims, and whenever any such Claims shall be duly proved to the Satisfedtion of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, they shall certify the same to the Commissioners of the District where such Claims respectively shall be made, and shall give such Directions for granting the required Exemptions, either before or after Assessment, as to them shall seem necessary, in order to give the Relief granted bt this Act, and the Assessment on every such. Claimant shall be made, discharged, altered or amended accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Amounts of Duty so to be exempted in Great Britain shall be retained and set down in Figures in the several Books and Duplicates of Assessment of the respective Commissioners, under the Head of " Exemptions on Account of Ireland, " and shall respectively be deduced from the whole Duty chargeable on each Claimant by virtue of the said recited Ada, and the Difference between the Duty so chargeable and the Amount of the Sum to be exempted shall be let down as the net Duty to be paid by each such Claimant, and the Duplicate thereof to he delivered to the Collector of the Parish, Ward or Place where each such Claim shall have been allowed, shall be made or amended in such Manner that the net Duty only shall be demanded of or paid by each such Claimant.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from any of the said Duties in Ireland, by virtue of this Act, shall produce and deliver to the proper Officer of Inland Excise or Taxes in Ireland, a Certificate under the Hand of the said Claimant containing the Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs a defied on such Claimant in Great Britain for the la5 Year of such Assessment, together with the Names and Capacities of the Servants, add the Descripttonft of the Carriages, Horses and Dogs charged therein, distinguishing which of the said Servants, Carriage*, Horses or Dogs, are the feme with those so charged in Great Britain, and which of them are kept in lieu of such of the said Servants, Carriages, Horses or Dogs, which have been parted with, and also a true Copy of the Receipt and Receipts given to such Claimant on all such Payments as aforesaid, for that Year, containing the District or County, and the Parish, Ward or Place where such Payments were made, and every such Claim being first signed by the Claimant, in his or her own proper Name, and in his or her usual manner of Writing, the same shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, who shall esquire and examine into the Truth of every such Claim in such manner as they shall think necessary, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England shall and they are hereby required to aid and assist the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland in their Enquiries and Examinations into such Claims, and whenever any such Claims shall be duly proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, it shall be lawful for them to grant the said Exemptions in such manner ax they are authorized to grant other Exemptions by any Act or Acts in force relating to the said Duties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make any such Claim in Great Britain, without having fird paid the Duties in Ireland fas* the feme Articles respectively, or for Articles of

10* the

A.D. 1811. 51 GEORGII III.' C. 72, 73.

the fame Deferiptions respectnrcly with the Articles for which such Exemption is claimed, or if any Person or Persons shall make any inch Claim in Ireland* without having iirft paid the Duties in Great Britain for the fame Articles respectively, or for Articles of the fame Descriptions respectively with the Articles for which such Exemption is claimed 5 or if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Duties, Taxes, Impositions, or Sum or Sums of Money granted or made payable in Great Britain or Ireland by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, either in making any such Claim, or in obtaining any such Exemption, or shall deliver any falseor fraudulent Certificate, with Intent to obtain any such Exemption, or shall make a Second Claim for the fame Cause, every such Person so offending shall forfeit any pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the said Penalty shall be incurred in Great Britain, the fame may be sued for, recovered and applied, as any Penalty for any Offence committed against the said first recited Acts, or either of them, relating to the said Duties payable in Great Britain, may be sued for, recovered or applied in that Part of Great Britain where the said Offence shall be committed, and in every case where the said Penalty shall be incurred in Ireland, the fame may be sued for, recovered and' applied as any Penalty for any Offence committed against the last recited Act, or any other Act or Acts in force iu Ireland respecting the fame, may be sued for, recovered or applied in Ireland.

VHL Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or in any way to affect any of the Exemptions from the Payments of the said Duties granted and allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, to Members of Parliament ordinarily resident in Ireland, or Persons holding Offices or publick Employments in Ireland, and being resident in Great Britain, for the Purposes of assisting in the Execution of the publick Business, or to alter the manner of claiming such Exemptions as granted and allowed by the said Act or Acts last mentioned.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for the better Security of His Majesty's Naval Arsenals in the River Medway, and Ports-meuth and Hamoaze Harbours, and of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels lying at and resorting to the same.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is necessary for the Preservation and Security of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and f Navals Arsenals in the River Medway, and in the Great Harbours of Portsmouth and Hamoaze, that all Ships and Vessels, not belonging to the Royal Navy, entering the said River and Harbours should be placed under proper Regulations with respect to the Disposal of any Gunpowder which may be on board the fame; Ble it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bjr the Authority of the same, That the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel, not belonging to His Majesty, which shall be intended to proceed into or enter the said River or Harbours shall, previous to such Ships or Vessels entering the fame, land or deposit all the Gunpowder which may be on board such Ship or Vessel over and above the Quantity of Five Pounds Weight at such Warehouse or Warehouses, Place or Places, as shall from time to time be appointed for the Purpose of receiving the fame by the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lords Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, or any Three or more of them (which Appointment of such Warehouses or Places shall be notified in the London Gazette) and the Master or Owner of every such Ship or Vessel shall pay Warehouse Rent for such Powder, at the Rate of One Shilling per Barrel, to the Officer, Keeper or other Person appointed by the Master General and Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, (who are hereby required and directea to make such Appointment as soon as they shall be certified of the Appointment by the said Lord High Admiral or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty of such Warehouses or Places) for the Custody of such Gunpowder, and the Care and Superin tendance of such Warehouses or Places, and which Rent the said Officer, Keeper or Person so appointed is hereby authorized and required to demand and receive 5 and if any such Master or Owner shall neglect or refuse to land or deposit such Gunpowder as aforesaid without reasonable Excuse to be allowed by Certificate in Writing of the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or the Resident Commissioner of the Navy at Sheernefst Portsmouth and Plymouth, for the time being respectively, or in his or their Absence by the Senior Master Attendant of His Majesty's Dock Yard at either of the said Places, or shall refuse to pay such Warehouse Rent as aforesaid, be shall respectively, for every such Offence or Default, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, together with all the Gunpowder on board such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that in case any Ship or Vessel shall be driven within the said River or Harbours by Stress of Weather, so that it shall not have been possible to have previously landed or deposited at the Warehouse or Place appointed, the Gunpowder on board the fame, the Officer of the Customs that shall first go on board such Ship or Vessel shall make a Report to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port of the Quantity of Gunpowder (if any) on board such Ship or VeflW; and such Collector or Comptroller shall, without Delay, transrait a Copy thereof to the Resident Commissioner of the Navy at Sheernefe, Portsmouth or Plymouth, or, in his Absence, to the Senior Master Attendant of His Majesty's Dock Yards at either of those Places; and the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so driven m as aforesaid shall, within Twenty four Hours after such Ship or Vessel shall have entered said River or Harbours, land and deposit all the Gunpowder over and above the Quantity of Five Pounds Weight which may be on board the fame, at the Warehouse or Plaoe and in the manner hereinbefore provided for, on pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, together with all the Gunpowder on board such Ship or

VefcU;

4r7

[Penalty.]

How Penalties recovered and applied.

Exemption* to Members of Parliament and Publick Officers not affect ed.

Regulations for Master* of Vef* fels entering the Medway, &c. as to depositing Gunpowder.]

Warehouse Rem to Keeper appointed by Matter of the Ordnance.

Refuting to land Gunpowder. 4.

[Penalty.]

Provi so for being diiven within the River, &c. by Street oi Weather.

Penalty,

4i8 C. 73.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Before entering H iver, cc. Guns of Vessels^o be chared.

Penalty. Penalties "how levied and applied*

Dilreft not unlawful foe want of Form.

Convictions to b'- diawn aciord-in: to the fjl-

!mvinj»

Form.

Vessel: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, Jr Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any Three or more of them for the time being, or for the Resident Commissioner at Shcernefr9 Portsmouth or Plymouth, to order such Gunpowder to be restored to the Owner or Owners thereof, in such cases where it may be deemed proper

so to do.

II. And be it further enacted, That before any armed Ship or Vessel, not belonging to His Majesty, shall enter the said River or either of the said Harbours, the Guns on board the same shall be cleared or unloaded 5 and if any such Ship or Vessel shall come into or enter the said River or Harbours with any of her Guns loaded, either with rowder and Ball, or with Powder only (except in cases of Distress as aforesaid), the Matter or Person having the Charge or Command of every iiich Ship or Vessel shall, for every such Offence or Default, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for within One Month after the Offence or Offences committed, and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in or adjoining to which the Offence shall be committed, and Rich Justices are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before them'such Offender or Offenders at such Time or Place as shall be in such Warrant specified 5 and if on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), such Penalty or Forfeiture shall net be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, and the Overplus (if auy) of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducing the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods arid Chattels so distrained, and for want of Distress, and in case the Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit every such Offender to any Gaol or House of Correction within the Courity, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding One Month, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when paid, and all the Warehouse Rent for Gunpowder deposited as hereinbefore provided, shall be applied towards carrying this Act into Execution, in such Manner, and under such Checks and Regulations as the said Lord High Admiral, or the Lords Commissioners x>f the Admiralty, for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser ah initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining $ but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

V. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

T*E it remembered, that on the 13 Lord

Day of

in the Year of our

A.B. is convicted before us [here specify the Offence and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may he'] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act.] Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above written.

C. D.

e. f:

Appeal.

Certiorari.

Notice of Actions, St a

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, so convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace afferabled at the next General Quarter-Sessions or General Sessions to be bolden for the County or Place in which such Conviction shall be made, on giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justices, for being personally present at such General Quarter-Sessions or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices, in such General Quarter-Sessions, or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or qua/h and annul the said Conviction and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices seem just and reasonable 5 and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhene, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fourteen Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends bath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their At-

8* torney,

A.D. 1811. >51° GEORGII III. C. 73, 74. 419

toroey, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no fjch Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be made and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay.Money into Court.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person Limitation of or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Months next after the Fast committed; Atlions. and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where or adjoining to which the Cause of Action shall arile; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days* Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid. then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant Tre'°h hath for Costs of Suit in other cases of Law.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for authorizing die Sale of Prize Goods lodged in Warehouses after a certain Period.

[15th June 18*11.3

WHEREAS it is expedient that Prize Goods landed and secured in Warehouses within Great Britain should be cleared from thence within a limited time p Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Owners or Proprietors of all Goods secured i» Goods, Ware* and Merchandize, which from and after the passing of this Act may be secured in Warehouses under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- he

tituled, Art AB for the Rel'uf of the Captors of Prices with respect to the bringing and landing certain Pri % e cleared' with in Goods in Great Britain during HoJlilities> shall, within Three Years, to be computed from the Day on which Three Ytari such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be respectively entered with the proper Officers of the Customs from the El, tly» and of the Excise where that Revenue is concerned, clear and take from and out of such Warehouses, either for Exportation according to the Direction of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or for Consumption in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and in case such Owner or Proprietor shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively to cause all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be publickly fold, and after such Sale, the Produce thereof is first to be applied to or towards the Charges of Warehouse Room and other Charges that shall arise thereon, next the Duties oftCustoms and Excise, and v

[Proviso.]

the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Owner or Proprietor, or fuc^h other Person or Persons as may be authorized to receive the same; Provided always, that no Goods, Wares or Merchandize, prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom and warehoused under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Forty third Rear of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be permitted to be cleared from the Warehouses for Home Consumption.

II. And whereas it is expedient that Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought in as Prize, now remain- PrizeOo.xlsmnv

ing in Warehouses, shall be cleared from thence within a limited time; Be it therefore enacted, That all inWarehwiUs Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought in as Prize, and which are now remaining in Warehouses within

Great Britain shall, and the same are hereby required to be cleared from thence within Two Years, to be com- Years', puted from the passing of this Act, or on Failure thereof such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall and may be disposed of in the same manner as Prize Goods warehoused after the passing of this Act, which are not ch areu from the Warehouses within Three Years from the time of Entry, are hereby directed to be dispofrd of.

III. And whereas Goods, Wares and Merchandize may, under particular Circumstances, be allowed to

be warehoused without Payment of Duty, although not included in the Tables annexed to the Act of the

Forty thud Year of the Kcign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods im- 43 G. 3. c. 13: . ported into Great Britain to be secured in warehouses without Payment of Duty % and it is expedient that similar

' Provision should be made for clearing such Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Warehouses within a f

limited time j9 Be it therefore enacted, That no Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which from and after the Goods landed passing of this Act may be allowed to be lauded and warehoused by the Authority of any Order in Council, a-'id "archoused or by Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or

more of them, shall remain warehoused beyond the Period of Fifteen Months, to be computed from the Day Warranto/* on which such Goods shall be entered with the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise where that Pvevcnue Treasury when is concerned, unless any other Period shall be limited by such Order in Council or Warrant respectively, and to be cleared, in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, warehoused under such Authority as aforesaid, shall not be cleared and taken out of such Warehoaf-8 in order to be exported within the said Period of Fifteen Months, except as aforesaid, the same shall and may be diljposed of in the same manner as is herein directed with respect to Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought m as Prize, and which are not cleared within Three Years from the Day ou which the same shall have been secured in Warehouses.

J IV. And

A.D. 181f,

430 €.74, 75;

5i° GEORGII IIt

Good* in Ware-houses under special Authority, not limiting Period of Ware-houfinp, when to be cleared. Provil'o.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that Goods* Wares and Merchandize now remaining in Warehouses«under and in pursuance of any special Authority, not limiting the Period of such Warehousing, should be«cleared from thence within a limited time; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and Meiv chandize* now remaining in Warehouses, shall, and the same are hereby required to be cleared from thence within Fifteen Months from the passing of this Act, or on Failure thereof the same shall and may be disposed of in the same manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize warehoused by any special Authority after the passing of this Act, which are not cleared frofn the Warehouses within Fifteen Months from the time of the Entry# are hereby directed to be disposed of,

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Goods, Wares and Merchandize from remaining in Warehouses beyond the Period by this Act limited, without being sold as aforesaid; provided such Period shall be prolonged by the Authority of any Order in Council, or any Warrant of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them.

yO. 3. c.js.

u+

repe <1*1.

Salaries Expenses to*paid in future 11c t to exceed 22, cool.

117.

50 G. 3. c $ r.

extended to Commissioners for Affairs of India.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act: for making further Provision for the Payment of Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and for enabling the East India Company to restore to the Service of the said Company, Military Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts Martial; and to authorize the said Company, in Cases of unforeseen Emergency, to take up Ships by private Contract. June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations / for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to Certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, it was, among other things, enacted, That it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Letters Patent, or by any Commission or Commissions to be issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from time to timfe to nominate, constitute and appoint, during his or their Pleasure, such Members of the Privy Council (of whom the Two Principal Secretaries of State and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being should always be Three), ana such other Two Persons as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, should think fit, to be and who should accordingly be and be (tiled Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and it was in and by the said Act also enacted, that the said Board of Commissioners should and might nominate and appoint such Secretaries and Officers as should be necessary to attend upon the said Board, who should be subject to Dismission at the Pleasure of the said Board; and that as well the said Commissioners, or such and io many of them as His Majesty should think tit, as likewise their Secretaries and other Officers, should be paid such fixed Salaries as His Majesty should by any Warrant or Warrants under his Sign Manual, countersigned by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, direct 5 all which Salaries, together with all other contingent Charges and Expences to be incurred by the said Board, should be paid and defrayed Quarterly by the United Company or Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, 2nd be deemed and taken as Part of their Commercial Charges, the quarterly Amount thereof being first settled and allowed by the said Board, and certified by the President or Acting President of the said Board for the time being, to the Court of Directors of the said Company j provided that the whole of the Salaries to be paid to the Members of the said Board should not exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in any One Year; and that the whole of the Salaries, Charges and Expences of the said Board, exclusive of the Salaries of the Members of the said Board, should not exceed the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds in any One Year: And whereas it is reasonable that a more ample Allowance should be made for the said Salaries, Charges and Expences Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as limits the whole of the Salaries to be paid to the Members of the said Board to the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in any One Year, and the whole of the Salaries, Charges and Expences of the said Board, exclusive of the Salaries of the Members thereof to the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds in any One Year, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, the whole of the Salaries to be paid to the Members of the said Board, and to the Secretaries and Officers of the fame, together With all other contingent Charges and Expences of the said Board, to be defrayed by the said United Company as aforesaid, ftiali not exceed the Sum of Twenty two thousand Pounds in any one Year.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to d'tred that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Publick Salaries* Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, as directs that between the First Day of February and the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, if Parliament shall be fitting during any Part of such Period; or if Parliament shall not be fitting during any Part of such Period, then within Forty Days after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in such Year, there shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, an Account of every Increase and Diminution which shall have taken place within the preceding Year, ending

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 75, 76.

on the First day of January, in the Number of Persons employed in all public Offices or Departments, or in the Salaries, Emoluments, Allowances and Expences which may have taken place, or been paid, granted, received or incurred for and in respect of all Officers and Persons belonging to or employed in or by, or in the Service of all public Offices or Departments, specifying the Amount and Nature thereof, and distin-guishing in such Account every Increase and Diminution in the Amount of all Allowances or Compensations granted or allowed, as retired Allowances or Superannuations, to any Person or Persons having held any Office, Place or Employment in any such publick Office or Department, or having been employed in any manner in any publick Services under any such Office or Department 5 and specifying in every such Account the Time and length of Service of every such Person, and the Amount of the Salary or Allowances received by such Person immediately preceding such Superannuation, and the Nature of his Services; and also specifying in every such Account the Grounds upon which every such Increase or Diminution in the Establishment of any such publick Office or Department, or of any such Salary, Emolument, Allowance or Compensation, or Superannuation as aforesaid, shall have been mac*e, granted or allowed, shall extend and be condrued to extend to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India.

IV. And whereas it was in and by the said Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign

*also eiia6led, that after Sentence or Judgment of any Court, having competent Jurisdiction, whether m .4 Great Britain or in India, against any Governor General, Governor, President, Counsellor or Commander in Chief, or against any of the said United Company's Servants, Civil or Military, for any Debts or Penalty due or belonging to the said United Company, or for any Extortion or other Misdemeanor, it should not be lawful for the said United Company, in any case whatever, to release or compound such Sentence or Judgment, or to restore any Servant or Servants of the said Company who should have been removed or dismissed from his or their Office or Employment, for or on account of Misbehaviour, by the Sentence of any of the said Courts: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Military Offiters may be restored to the Service of the said United Company, who may have been removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts Martial* Be it therefore enacted and declared, That it was and is lawful for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, to reftbre to the Service of the said Company any Military Officer who shall have been or shall be dismissed or suspended therefrom by the Sentence of a Court Martial.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this A A, no such Restoration shall be in any ways valid or effectual without the Approbation and Consent of the Board of Commissioners for the Affaire of India, for that Purpose had and obtained.

VI. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to tbr East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their Regular Service, it is enacted, amongst other things, that it should be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said Company, or their Servants abroad, in cases of unforeseen Exigency to hire Ships for any particular Service, and that, in cases of Ships so hired, publick Notice- should be given by Advertisement of the Ships or Tonnage wanted, and the Service required, Fourteen Days at lead previous to the time appointed for taking up the fame: And whereas in many cases of unforeseen Exigency, it is impradicable or highly inconvenient to comply with the Requisition of the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, or their Servants Abroad, in all cases of unforeseen and pressing Exigency, to hire and take up by private Contract, with or without advertising, any Ship or Ships whatsoever, for any particular Purpose, so as no such Ship shall be hired or taken up for more than one Voyage; and that the Reasons for taking up any such Ship in less time than Fourteen Days as aforesaid after the Publication of an Adver-

tisement, be dated in the Minutes of the said Court of Directors, and reported to the Court of Proprietor! that shall be next holden after such hiring and taking up.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for letting to farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, and on Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Poll or otherwise, in Great Britain; and for facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.

[15 th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

an Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to bet to farm the Duties granted by an All made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reignf on Horses let to hire for travelling Pofi9 and by time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the fame; the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury were empowered to let to farm the fevered Duties on Horses let to hire, therein particularly set forth, and mentioned to have been granted by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, under certain Regulations and Redridions expressed and contained in the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon fiamped Vellutn, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof the several Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to hire as therein mentioned, and extended in certain cales, by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the time for which Horses might be let to hire without being subject to any Annual Duty, and other rurposes, were repealed; and in lieu thereof it was enacted, that, from and after 31 Geo. III. 3 I 4 tike

421

33 G. 3. C. 5.

*69.

E. I. C. may restore Muittry

Officers.

with Consent of Boa>d ot Cum-

39 G. 3. c. 8.

J6.

Company i« cases of unforeseen Exigency may take up Ships by private Contract.

a? G.3.

h 5*

44 G. 3. c. 98.

4a G. 3. C. IOO.

§1.

44 G. 3. c. 98. Sch. B.

42.4 C. 7 6. 5\bGfcO&Gtf III AJ>.r8it.

the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, there fhrtuld be r^ifed, Ithtied, collided

and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Snecessors, the several Duties following; that is to say, For and ' in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in Great Britain y the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Geldingshould be hired to

travel; and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding hired for a less Period of Time that) Twenty eight successive Days, for drawing on any publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling

Poll or otherwise, if the Distance at the Time of hiring shoultl be ascertained, the Sum of One Penny ' Halfpet ny for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be hired to travel; and for and in respect of

every Horse, Mare or Gelding so hired as lall above mentioned, in any case where the Dillauce should not ' at the Time rtf hiring be ascertained, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine Pence for each Day for which such Horse, Marc or Gelding should be so hired, with an Exception of Horses, Mares and Geldings used in ' been fed Hackney Coaches, where the fame should be employed to go no greater Distince than Ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof: Which said several Duties are now ' secured, raised, levied and collected by and under the Provisions and Regulations of the said Acts of the ' Twenty fifth and Forty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, relating to the said Duties so repealed as 48 G. 3. c. 98.*aforesaid; and by and under the Provisions and Regulations of another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for letting to farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Milt dr Stagt, e to be used in travelling; and on Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Post or otherwise in Great Britain; and for better securing the said Duties: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings hired in the Manner aforesaid, are now let to farm under the Authority of the said Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years which

will expire on the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and it inexpedient

that the said Duties should be let to farm for a further Term, and that further Provision should be made for

' r facilitating the Recovery thereof; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the1 King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, 'Trfcifhry rrcry That, from and after the parting of this Adlj it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Tneafuryi or any tfurhorifc Com- Three-or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby empowered from time to time as it shall be S* m* s*to let to necessaI7* either by themselves or by His Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or some Farn> Duties on them, to be authorized for that Purpose under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Poll Horses of Three or more of them for the time being, to let to farm the said several Duties granted by the said Act of 44 G. 3. c. 98. the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings hired In the manner aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to farm the fame after the*Expiration of the present Leases thereof, in such separate and particular Districts as shall be deemed proper Aid cwtmrtient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Roftridions contained in the said Act of the Twenty seventh. Year of His Majesty's Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to form, so for as^ the Continuance of fame are applicable and not hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the said Duties shall be let to farm

for any longer Term or Time than until the Thirty first Day of January inclusive, which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.,

47 G. 3. c. 16.

II. And be it fmther enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions coo-in farce in re- tfcined in and prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be deemed spe«ft to Duties and taken to be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to farm, and let to Farm. t() the lotting of the fame, and to the Farmers thereof, and to all other Persons, Matters and Things relating thereto, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, and not altered by or repugnant to the^express Prow-fions of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted, with reference to the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed.

D'jWit on

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any

Account of Rent Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid, to prescriBe paid by Qui- the time for making a Deposit of a Sum of Money, and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent ro be

tnctors. paid^the Person or Persons who shall contract to farm any of the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed;

and in case such Person or Persons should fail to make such Deposit within the time prescribed, or shall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing, and to give Security for the due Performance of such Contract, in the manner directed by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, within the time to he appointed for that Purpose, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Contract void, and to cause the Duties comprised in such Corttrad to be again pat up to be let to-farm pursuant to the Directions of this and the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign; and so from time to time as often as such Failure shall be made.

In Default of

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight

fVumem of Du- hundred and twelve, where any Person or Persons liable to account for and pay any Duty or Duties granted

tit* Collector by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of any Horse, Mare or

may rain. Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings by him, her or them let to hire as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to

account for and pay the same according to the Directions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts, or any of them, to the Collector appointed to receive such Duties for the County, District or Place where he, she or they shall have let to hire such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, and such Duty or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Collector, first obtaining a Warn*

+.5 ,

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III.

C-7 6, 7 7- 423

for that Purpose, under the IJand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where any such letting to hire shall have been made, (which Justice or Justices, on Complaint made to him or theqi, shall summon the Party complained of, and the Witnesses ou cither Side, and examine into the Matter of Fad, and shall jjrant such Warrant on due proof being made of the Sum due and owing for such Duty or Duties ps aforesaid, by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses) to distrain such Person or Persons by his, her or their Goods and Chattels fqr the Amount of such Duty or Duties; and the Distress so to be taken to detain Distrefe. and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charges of such Person or Persons; and if he, she or they shall not within that time pay the Amount of such Duty or Duties, with the Costs and Charges of taking and keeping such Dtftrdfe, then the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be sold by such ColFeftor, who shall render the Overplus of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, if any shall remain after deducing and retaining the Amount of such Duty or Duties, and the Costs and Charges of taking, keeping and felling such Distress, to the Person or Persons so to be distrained as aforesaid; and it (halt also be lawful for such Collector, for the Purpose of taking such Distress, to break open in the Day-time any House or Place where -any Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons shall be, being thereunto authorized by such Warrant as aforesaid, and calling to his Assistance a Constable, Tythingman or Headborough of the County, Shire,

Stewartry, City, Town or Place where any Refusal or Reiiilauce shall be made, which said Officers are hereby required to aid and assist therein.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after £he passing of this Act, it shall not be necessary r, Aft ton > f.-r upon the Trial or Hearing of any Action, Suit or Prosecution already commenced, or hereafter to be com-

xnenced, foi the Recovery of any of the said Duties on Horses, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, which are or shall be let to farm in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or of this Aor for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties imposed by the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts, or any of them, in any wise relating to thp said Duties, to produce the Ir.llrument whereby the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or any of them, were or shall be authorized by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to let to farm the said Duties on Horses, Mares and Geldings. or any of them, or to produce the Commission whereby the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties were cooAituted and appointed such Commissioners; or to prove the Execution of any Contract or Agreement whereby any of the said Duties on Horses, Mares and Geldings are or shall be let to farm, or of any Assignment of any such Contract or Agreement, or of any Commission, Deputation or othci\Authority, whereby any Person or Persons is, are or shall be appointed a Collector or Collectors of any of the fame Duties by the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or any of them: Provided always, that such Contract, Agreement, Assignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority shall be produced on the Trial or Plearing of such Action, Suit or Prosecution, and it shall be made appear that the Person or Persons claiming under such Contract, Agreement, Assignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority, hadjn fact acted as the Fanner or Farmers, Collector or Collectors of the Duties therein mentioned and defej ibed, or some of them; and that in every such case such Proof shall be deemed and taken by the Judges or Justices before whom any such Trial or Hearing shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence of such Person or Persons being the Farmer or Farmers, Collector or Collectors of the Duties mentioned and described in such Contract,

Agreement, Assignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed, altered or amended by any Act or Acts A'^ rcrc*, ! to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

§1.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend die Laws for regulating the Election in Ireland, of Members to serve' in Parliament.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 45 G. 3. c. 4 V? Act for amending an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His prej.nt

Majesty % for regulating the Electwn of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the Value of Twenty Pounds, and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto, it is, among other things, enatted. That every Person who shall register a .Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, not arising from a Rent Charge, shall register the fame Twelve Months previous to the 7'ejle of the Writ for holding the Election at which he shall tender his Vote in Manner and Form required by the said Act, and for that Purpose he shall produce in open Court at a Session of the Peace, the Deed, Lease

or instrument under which his Freehold arises, and take and subscribe the Oath, or if a Quaker, the Affirmation in Form prefcished in the said Act: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Words to be used

- 4 in certain Parts of such Oath or Affirmation respectively For the obviating of all such Doubts, be it enacted by the King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Con.mom, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Oath or Affirmation which shall have been made at any time before the passing of this Act, or which (half be made at any time after the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of registering his Freehold as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be good, valid, sufficient and effedlna! in Law, if the Party making such Oath or Affirmation shall have dated or shall (late in such Oa'h or Affirmation, that his Freehold ariies either by virtue of a Deed, or by virtue of a Lease, or by virtue of an instrument produced by him, or by virtue of a Deed, Lease or instrument produced by him, whether all or any or either of the

3 I 2 said

In what

Onths rest ecting Re Jlt'yof Free-h<a«i> i.-.re.t

Months deemed C tlendar Months.

Pipiits t iking Ojths, tVc. under i; Sc 14 G. 3.

(l) is-

(I )

c. it. entitled to vote as under 3 7 C. 3. (I.) c. 47.

Returning Officer to appoint Persons to administer Oaths, fcc.

Clerk of the Peace to give Certificate to Personupplying.

Oath by Persons

odi'iinnlerintr

(t.uhs

y .1 & I V G. 3. (I.) c. 35.

Oath by the Cleric of the Peace.

3.1 G 3 (I-)

V. it. §15. Proper Officer to t anf.nn to the l); J .*e of Rolls, Ko'U containing N.troe*j sec. of

C. 77. 5 i° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

said Terms, De?d, Lease or Instrument arc used in such Oath or Affirmation; and that every such Oath or Affirmation shall be good, valid, sufficient and effectual in Law, in which either the whole Yearly Rent or the Yearly Rent per Acre, or such Yearly Rent per Acre, together with the Number of Acres, shall be Hated; and whether the Amount of Receivers' Fees and Duties is or is not included in the specified Amount of such Rent, or whether the Sums have been or shall be set forth in Figure* or in Words at length; and that every such Oath or Affirmation (Jiall be good, valid, sufficient and effectual in Law, in which the actual Occupation of such Freehold shall belated to be either by residing thereon, or by tilting or by grazing, or by tilling or grazing, or by both tilling and grazing, or by all or any or either of the said means, whether Hated copuTatively or disjunftively.

II. And whereas Doubts have airifen whether by the said recited Term of Twelve Months is meant*Calendar or Lunar Months; Be it declared and enabled. That the said Term of Twelve Months shall be deemed and taken to mean Twelve Calendar Months.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Papist or Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, who at any time before the passing of this Act shall have taken and prescribed, or who after the passing of this Act shall take and subscribe, at any time previous to his offering to poll at any Electiou, the Oaths and Declarations contained in an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty's Subjects of whatever Perfuajion, to tejjtly their Allegiance to him, and also an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic Subieds in Ireland, in tome One of His Majesty's Four Courts in the City of Dublin, or at any Assizes, or at a General Sessions of the Peace or at any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of an Adjournment thereof to be holden for any County, City or Town wherein such Papist or Person professing the Roman Catholic Religion, doth or shall inhabit or dwell, in open Court, or at any Election in manner herein provided, shall be entitled to vote at such Election in likfc manner as if lie, had taken and subscribed such Oath and Declaration in manner and at the time required by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

IV. And, in order that any Person deflrous of taking and subscribing such Oaths and Declarations at any Election may have an Opportunity of so doing, be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when a Poll shall be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town or Borough in Ireland, the Returning Officer or Officers at any such Election, after such Poll shall be demanded, shall, at the Instance and Request of any Candidate or Candidates at such Election, under his or their Hand or Hands immediately after such Request, and before he or they shall proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate and appoint Two or more Justices of the Peace (as the case may require) to administer the Oaths and Declarations required in and by the said hereinbefore recited Acts, in some convenient Part of the Court or Place where such Election shall be carrying on, so as not to interrupt the Poll; and the Clerk of the Peace, or a Deputy by him appointed by Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, shall attend such Persons during the Admiilistration of such Oaths and Declarations, and shall give to every Person so taking and subscribing such Oaths and Declarations a Certificate thereof, in manner required by the said recited Acts; and the Persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized and required to administer all and every such Oaths and Declarations to every Person desirous of taking and subscribing the fame; and every such Person so appointed as aforesaid, Audi immediately after such Appointment and before he shall take upon him to act under such Appointment, take the following Oath; that is to say,

J do swear. That I will faithfully and impartially administer the Oaths and Declara-

tions now required to be taken and subscribed by Papists or Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty's Subjects, of whatever Perfuafwn> to testify their Allegiance to him; and also another Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic Subjects in Ireland.'

And every Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy so appointed for the Purpose as aforesaid, shall at the same time take the following Oath; that is to say.

T do swear. That I'Will, on being thereunto requested, fairly and truly give to every Person who shall now take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations required by Law to be taken by

Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in order to entitle them to vote at any Election, before

the Commissioners appointed by the returning Officer for that Purpose, a Certificate thereof as required by Law; and that I will not give any such Certificate to any Person before he shall have taken and subscribed

such Oaths and Declarations as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, before me and in my Pretence.'Which Oath, to be taken by the several Persons respectively so to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them* is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

V. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is

enacted, That the Names of such Persons who shall so take and subscribe the said Oaths and Declarations, f with their Titles and Additions, shall be entered upon Rolls for that Purpose to be appointed by the said respective Courts; and that the said Rolls shall be ttansmitted to and deposited in the Rolls Office in the

City of Dublin, to remain amongst the Records thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That the Officer of the Court where fugh Oaths and Declarations shall have been taken and subscribed, shall, on or before the Fitft

3f I*1/

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 77, 78.

Day of January Oae thousand eight hundred and twelve, transmit to the said Office of the Rolls all fiich1 Rolls as shall not have been duly transmitted before the passing of this Act; and that such Officer shall also, within Fourteen Days after the First Day of January in each and every subsequent Year, transmit to the said Office of the Rolls, all Rolls containing the Names, Titles and Additions of all Persons who shall have taken and subscribed such Oaths and Declarations, which shall remain in the Office of such Court previous to such First Day of January in each Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Officer shall, previous to his transmitting such Rolls as aforesaid to the Rolls Office, justly and truly enter in a Book, in alphabetical Order, the Names, Residence and Additions of all Persons whose Names shall be entered in such Rolls, and such Book shall be open to the Inspection of any Person requiring to see the fame, on paying to such Officer a Fee of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and in case any Person who shall have taken and subscribed, or who shall hereafter take and subscribe such Oaths and Declarations in such Court, shall, at any time after the passing of this Act, be desirous of obtaining a Certificate thereof, and shall demand the fame from such Officer; and if upon Reference to such Book, it, shall appear that the Name with the Residence of such Person is contained therein, and that such Person so demanding a Certificate shall verify on Oath that he actually did at any former time take and subscribe such Oaths and Declarations in such Court, then such Officer shall on Demand give, to such Person a Certificate thereof in manner required by the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Vote of any Person to whom such Certificate shall be given shall be refused on account of the Invalidity of any such Certificate, as not being in the Form required by Law, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to demand from the Clerk of the Peace, his Deputy or other proper Officer, a new and sufficient Certificate in the Form required by Law, on paying to such Officer a Fee of One Shilling; and such Person shall be permitted to poll (if in all other Respects duly qualified) upon producing such new Certificate, notwithstanding such former Refusal.

VIII. 1 And be it further enacted, That every such Officer of Court who shall neglect or omit to transmit in manner and within the time required as aforesaid, the said Rolls to the Rolls Office, or who shall refuse or neglect to make such Alphabetical Lifts, or who shall omit from such Alphabetical Lift the Name of any Person entered on such Rolls and entitled to any such Certificate as aforesaid, or who shall insert in such Alphabetical Lift the Name of any Person not so entered and entitled, or who shall refuse or neglect to give any Certificate herein required to be given, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to make Provision in certain Cases for the Wives and Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates, serving in the Militia of Ireland.

[15 th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to raakefome Provision in the cases herein after mentioned, for the Families of Serjeants, Corporate, Drummers and Privates, serving in the Militia of Ireland, when called out

into actual Service, and the Laws at present in force are insufficient for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act to male Provision in certain Cafies for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland, shall Hand and be repealed, save so far as the fame repeals any Former Act of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein; and also save as to the Payment and Allowance of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have become due before the Commencement of this Act, under or by virtue of the said Act, and the obtaining of the proper and necessary Voucher for receiving or vouching any such Payment; and also save as to any Offence which shall or may before that time have been committed against the said Act, and any Proceedings to be taken for the Punishment of the Offender or Offenders, or the recovering or levying any Penalty for or by reason of any such Offence.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand t eight hundred and eleven, whenever the Militia of any County, City or Place in Ireland, is or shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, and any Man serving or enrolled therein as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall have a Family less able in consequence of his Absence to support themselves, and shall be desirous of obtaining for such Family any Allowance payable to them under the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions in this Act expressed and contained, such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private, mall make and subscribe before the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the time being, to which he shall belong, a Declaration in Writing in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. of the Regiment of Militia, do declare. That I am a married Man [or, a Widower,

4 as the case may be], and that I have One Child, [or, - Children,] born in Wedlock, under the

Age of Ten Years, whose Name or Names and Age or Ages respectively, is or are as follows; that is to

say, [the Names and Ages']; and that my Wife [or, my said Child or Children, or, my Wife and my said

Child or Children as the case may be], resides [or, reside] at [here insert the County, and the Barony, and the Parish or Townland, or the City or Town, and Street or Place, as toe case may require, in which such FamdyJbeil reside], and that my Caid Child or Children, [or, Wife and Child or Children, as the case may be]9by reason of my Absence is 3re] less able to procure necessary Support, and that I was married to my

faim

425

Persons taking Oaths, &c.

Officer to ester in a Book N.imes, &c. of Person* contained in such Roll's.

In what case new Certificate allowed.

Officer of Court neglecting to transmit Rolls or make out Lifts, &c.

Penalty*

49 G. 3. c. 86. repealed.

Militlt Men desirous of obtaining Relief for their Family to make the following

Declaration

426 C. 78.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181km

on the

Commanding Officer to sign Certificate.

Declaration and Certilv.<te to he jueiied by Adjutant,

Rates of Allowances to Rani -

said Wife [or, if 110 Wife living, to the Mother of the said Children], at'

Day of in the Year .*

III. And be it farther enacted, That the Commanding Officer "before whom such Declaration shall lie made, shall at the Toot of the said Declaration give and sign a Certificate in Writing in the Form following 5

J C.D. Colonel, [or, Commanding Officer, as the case may he'] of the

Militia, do hereby certify, That A.B. a Serjeant, [Corporal, Drummer or Private, ballotted Man, Sub-

flitute or Volunteer, as the case may be] in the said Militia, was called out into actual Service, and did on the

' Day of march from, and is now absent on Service from the said [County, Town, City

or Place, as the case may £*), and that he hath in my Presence made a Declaration that his Family resides

at, and con (ills of, and that by his Absence they are rendered less able to support

themselves: And I do certify, That the said A.B. never deserted from the said Militia, and that the said ' A.B. was enrolled on the Day of; and that the said A. B was married after his En-

rolmcut with the Consent of his Commanding Officer according to Law, '[<?/*, before his Enrolment, as the case may bc, '-]

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Declaration and Certificate shall be attested and counter-signed by the Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, to which the Militia Man making such Declaration shall belong; and such Adjutant shall carefully keep and preserve all such Declarations and Certificates, and ffiail also keep a Book or Register containing the Names of all the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have made such Declaration, alphabetically arranged; and shall from such Declarations and Certificates so delivered to him, enter in such Book opposite to the Name of each Man, whether he is married or a Widower, and hath any and what Child or Children, with the Date of such Declaration, and the Name or Names and Age or Ages of such Chikhor Children respectively, at the time of making such Declaration, and the Residence or such Wife, Child or Children, as Hated in such Declaration.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Declaration and Certificate shall have been made in the Mariner and Form hereinbefore contained and let forth, then and in such case the Family of every such Militia Man who shall have made such Declaration, (the Requisites herein after mentioned being first duly performed) shall be entitled to and shall receive during his Absence on actual jSprvice the Monthly Allowances here following; that is to say, after the Rate of Four British Shillings in every Calendar Month for every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of Ten Years, not exceeding the Numbers herein after mentioned respectively; and of Eight British Shillings in every Calendar Month for the Wife of such Man if he shall be a balloted Man, and Four British Shillings in every Calendar Month for the Wife of any such Man who shall not be a ballotted Mair; the said Allowance to the Wife in either of the said cases to be paid whether such Mam shall or shall not have any Child or Children, provided (he does not follow the Regiment.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Wife of any Militia Man so called out on actual Service shall not be entitled to the aforesaid Allowance for each Child for more than Two Children 5 and in case there shall be no Wife of such Militia Man living, the Allowance to the Children of such Militia Man shall not extend to more than Four Children in the whole.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any Man who shall be enrolled at any time after the passing of this Act in the said Militia of Ireland as a Substitiite, hired Man or Volunteer; and that all such Allowances shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be confined to the Families of such ballotted Men, Substitutes and Volunteers, as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland, and to the Families of such ballotted Men only as shall hereafter be enrolled in the said Militia

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be given or ordered to be given to the Family of any Substitute or Volunteer who shall be married at the time of the passing of this Act, and who hath married while in actual Service, and after the passing of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to make Provision in certain Cases for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men % Substitutes and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland; nor to the Family of any Man now in the Militia of Ireland, who shall ifiarry at any' time after the passing of this Act; nor to the Family of any ballotted Man who shall hereafter be enrolled in the said Militia of Ireland, and shall marry after such Enrolment, unless every such Marriage respectively shall have taken place, or shall take place, with the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer, being a Field Officer, of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Man shall belong; and that such Consent shall have been certified under the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer, being a Field Officer; and no Certificate as required by this Act shall be granted by any such Commanding Officer, for the Purpose of entitling the Family of any Militia Man to any Allowance under this Act, in cases where such Militia Man shall have so married while on actual Service, without such Consent fidt had and obtained as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the nearest resident Justice of the Peace acting in and for the Barony or Half Barony, City, Town or Place, in which the said Family shall reside, on the Production of such Certificate, to enquire into the Circumstances of the Family of the Militia Man to

Farn.ly of M-u. whom torch Certificate shall have been granted, and whether they reside in the Parish or Place mentioned in ioVleOpinion on t*'c Declaration of such Militia Man, on the Oath of the Wife of such Militia Man, if there shall be One, and Lutihc. tc. if net, then of such Person above the Age of Eighteen, with whom such Child or Children shall reside, and of such other Person prPeiffius as such Justice of the Peace ffiail think proper to examine thereupon; and if on

Inquiry

I/imitat ion as to Children.

Substitutes* Fa-p/tlh s not enti tlotf to Allow.

Further Reftr'c* tions s»$ to Allowances.

41 G. 3. c. 142.

Justicesto enquire into Cir-curnfbuccs of

A.D. 181

51° GEORGII IIt

C. 7& 427

Or!n for P v-

Enquiry such Justice of the Po^ce shall find thaft such Family db so reside, and if stich Justice shall be of Opinion that such Family is Ids able to support itself in consequence of the Ahfcbee of such Militia Man, he shall indorse such his Opinion iu Writing under his Hand; on the Back of the said Certificate, with the Date of the Month and Year, and shall subjoin thereto an Order in the Form following; that L to say,

T C.D. do hereby certify. That I have made Enquiry on the Oath or Oaths of

and that I am satisfied that the Family of A.B. within mentioned rtfides*at the Place,

and con fill 3 of the Persons wit hist. farted; and ilrat I am a Judibeof the Peate of the Comity or District of ' , within which the said Family so resides, and that there is not to my Knowledge any other Justice of the Peace for the said County or District rrfiding nearer to the said Family: I do thereupon

hereby order that the Sums allowed by Law in fitch case he paid to the said Family; that is to fay/ the Sum of on the Twenty fourth Day of each Month, or as soon after as the same shall be dc-

' manded, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the said Day.*

And such Certificate, with the Opinion and Order of such Justice thereon, shall Be forthwith deposited by the Person or Persons seeking Benefit thereby, or some of them, or some Person or Persons on their, his or her Behalf, with the Collector of the Public Cess in such Barony or Half Barony, or the Treasurer of such City or Triwn.

X And be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of Three Cak'nclar Months next after the Date of Every Three any such Order of such Justice, Application shall be made by such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, to the Months Jo1?ice# Justice who shall have made such Order, or to such other Justice of the Peace acting in and for such Barony^mj)to or Half Barony, City or Town, who shall refid; nearest to the then Place of ReGdence of such Family, and Ciwumflance*of on Production of the original Certificate aforesaid, and of the Order so first made thereon, it shall be lawful Militia Man'* for such Justice to make a fresh Enquiry on Oath in manner aforesaid, into the Circumstances of such Family; Fanr.ilv, and ccb. and if such Circumstances are not altered, such Justice shall on the Back of such original Certificate, and at llfy Op'ni°n. the Foot of such lirft Order, sign his Name in Affirmance and Renewal of the fame, with the Date of the Month and Year; or if it shall be made appear to such Justice that the Circumstances of such Family are any way altered, such Justice shall make a new Order for such Allowance as aforesaid, specifying the Names and Ages of each Person of such Family entitled to the fame at the time of such Order, and so after the Expiration of every Three Calendar Months a like Enquiry and Order shall from time to time be made, and renewed or altered by such Justice of such Barony or Half Barony, City or Town, as shall be resident nearest to the Place of Residence of such Family, so long as any such Allowance shall be claimed on Behalf of such Family.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall from time to time Ahftratts of O-

within Three Days after any such Order or Orders shall be made by such Justice, prepare and sign an Abstract <ier* for Rd.et of every such Order, and shall forthwith deliver or fend such Abstra& duly dated by him, to the Collector of TOIUtl

His Majesty's Excise for the District in Which the Barony, Half Barony, City or Town shall be foliate* CollaJlwS'Fx-together with such Certificate ai)d the Order thereupon; and such Collector of Excise having compared such Elle whn " Abstra& with such Order shall, if the same shall agree therewith, countersign such Order, and shall forthwith keep th-ma$.rrftore the same to fuel) Baronial Collector or Treasurer, or to the Person by whom the fame was font, and Voucher.", shall then connterfign and file such Abstract, and shall keep the same as a Voucher for his future Payments in

manner herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Baronial Collector or Treasurer on obtaining any such BnronidOn!'-O'rdet countersigned by such Collector of Excite, {Ball from time to time pay the several .Allowances mentionedf*torW

in such Order to such Family, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Date of such e "* Order; except in the cases herein after mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Allowances under and by virtue of this Act shall be Allowance*

claimed and paid Monthly on the Twenty fourth Day of every Month, or on such subsequent Day as the fame wllen '

shall be duly demanded, being not more than Fourteen Days after such Twenty fourth Day of each Month;

and that the first Allowances under this Act shall become due on the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and that no Wife of any such Militia Man, nor any other Person on behalf of such Wife or of the Family of any such Militia Man, shall be entitled to receive at any one time more than one Month's Allowance to such Wife and Family, under or by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Monthly Allowance to be paid under this Act by any Allowance*paid

Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively to the Family of any Militia Man, shall be repaid quarterly to

such Baronial Collector and Treasurer respectively, by the Collector of His Majesty's Excise for the Dittrift quarterly by^1 in which such Barony, Half Barony, City or Town shall be situate, out of any Public Money in his Hands, Collector of E*-upon such Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively producing and delivering, to such Collector of Excise cue.

an Account in Writing verified By his Affidavit, of all Sums so paid by him, setting forth in alphabetical Order the Names of all Militia Men, to or for whose Families any such Payments shall have been made, with the Date and Amount of each Payment, and to whom made; and the Sums so paid by such Collector of Excise shall be allowed to him in his Accounts upon such Collector of Excise producing such Accounts so verified, together with the Receipts of such Baronial CoIleftor or Treasurer at the Foot thereof respectively and also the several other Documents by this Act required to be kept by him.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any time such Baronial Collector or Treasurer Colleger of shall not have in his Hands sufficient Money For Payment of the several Sum3 so directed to be paid by him as E»-ifemay aforesaid, such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall and may and is hereby required from time to time as Monthly Occasion shall requre, to certify the same to the Collector of Excite for the District; and it shall thereupon aymen

be lawful for such Collector of Excise, and he is hereby authorized "and required to remit or pay out of such

'Public

428 C. 78.

51 GEORGII III.

A.D. 181 r.

No Pjyments iu A*! .aikc.

AkfazS) of Order* in be laid before Qu*rtci-ScllkHtt.

Allowance* flopped or l*f- fened according to Circumstance*.

Family entitled to Relief only while Militia Man serve*.

State of Families given to Adja-tant every Month.

'Adjutant ti make Returns^ monthly of State of Families to Collectors of Excite, Sec

Public Monies as may be in his Hands to the said Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively; at lead once in every Month if required, a Sum sufficient to satisfy and Day the Monthly Amount of the Sums which shall then be payable under and by virtue of the several Abstracts, which shall then be in Possession of such Collector of Excise under the Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Collector of Excise to pay or remit to any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer any Sum whatsoever, in advance for or towards the Payment of any Allowances under this Act, until such Collector of Excise shall have received from such Baronial Col-letior or Treasurer one or more Account or Accounts in Writing, signed and verified by an Affidavit before i'ome Justice of the Peace by such Baronial Collector or Treasurer as aforesaid, of the Application of each 'and every Sum and Sums, if any, previously advanced by such Collector of Excise to such Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively, setting forth in alphabetical Order the Names of all Militia Men to or for whose Families any such Payments shall have been made by such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, together with the Date and Amount of each Payment, and to whom the fame was made 5 and no Sura advanced by any Collector of Excise for any of the said Purposes shall be allowed him, until such Account so verified of the Application of every former Advance made by him to the same Person, shall be produced and delivered by such Collector of Excise to the proper Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to audit or settle b.s Accounts.

XVI f. And be it further enacted, That every such Baronial Calledor shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County within which the Barony for which he is Collector shall be situate, and the Treasurer of any City or Town shall transmit to the Clerk of the Peace thereof, Three Days previous to each Quarter-Sessions, an Abstract of all Orders which he shall have received as aforesaid, since the la.it preceding Quarter-Sessions, to be by the said Clerk of the Peace laid before the Justices at such Sessions; and it shall be lawful for the Justices there to set aside or alter any such Order of any such Justice as aforesaid, which upon due Enquiry in open Court upon Oath shall appear to have been fraudulently obtained, or not to be warranted by this Act; and in any such case such Justices at such Sessions shall make an Order that such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall bring in or cause to be brought in the Order of such Justice, and deliver the same to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, City or Town; and such Collector or Treasurer shall, within Seven Days after the Service of such Order on him, bring in and deliver, or cause to be brought in and delivered, the said Order of the said Justice accordingly to such Clerk of the Peace, who shall then cancel the said Order, if the same shall be wholly set aside, or iT the same shall be altered, he shall write under fame a Copy of the Order for altering the fame, and shall in that case restore the same to such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, who shall proceed thereupon, and the same shall be countersigned in the same manner in all respect9 as hereinbefore directed, with respect to any such Order as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Baronial Collector or Treasurer respectively have reason to believe, or shall receive Notice from the Collector of Excise of the District that he has reason to believe that, by the Death of any of the Family of any Militia Man, or by any other Circumftauce, the Allowance to such Family ought to be stopped or lessened in Amount, then and in either of such cases it shall be lawful for such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, and he is hereby required to (lop or lessen such Allowance accordingly, until the Justice of the Peace residing neared to the Residence of such Family as aforesaid shall direct him otherwise by Writing under his Hand and Seal.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Act, to the Wife or Family of any Person serving in the Militia for any longer Period than such Person shall continue to serve and remain embodied in actual Service, nor in any case while the Wife in respect of or by whom any such Relief is demanded, shall follow the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which her Husband shall serve.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Seneant, Corporal, Drummer and Private, to whom such Certificate shall have been given, shall on or after the First and before the Sixth Day of every Month, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Adjutant of his Regiment, or to the Person acting as such, a Return or Account in Writing, subscribed by himself, either with his Name or Mark, and dating whether since the obtaining such Certificate or since his last Return any, and if any, then how many, and which of his Family, and of what Names and Ages respectively, have or hath died, or have or hath received or become entitled to any and what Maintenance, Provision or Property, and to what Amount, and whether his Wife, if he be married, follows the Regiment; and every Change that shall have taken place in any of the said respects in the Family of any such Militia Man shall be noted by such Adjutant in his Register aforesaid, according to such Return, or according to the Truth, if the same shall have come to his .Knowledge, by any other me^ns.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia shall, within Four Days after the Sixth Day of every Month during the time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain embodied or in actual Service, draw out a Return for each and every Collector of Excise within whose District the Family of any Militia Man in his Regiment, entitled to any of the said Allowances shall reside, and shall in every such Return set forth an alphabetical Lift of the Names of all the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates in his Regiment, whole Families are so entitled and reside within such District; and also a distinct Statement of such Promotions and Vacancies, and of such Deaths and Desertions, and other Casualties (if auy) as may have occurred among such Militia Men of the said Regiment; and also of such of their Wives as may have joined the Regiment since the last Return, and of all such other Alterations as may have taken place in the Family of any of the said Militia Men, in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and if no such Promotion, Vacancy, Death or Desertion, Casualty or Alteration, shall have happened, then such Adjutant shall by such Return certify to that Effect; and every such Adjutant shall within

tht

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

C. 78. 4*9

the said Four Days enclose all the said Returns which he shall hare so drawn out to the Secretary of the Commissioners of Excise in Dublin, who shall cause the same to be forwarded to the Collectors of Excise respectively as speedily as may be.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every such Collector of Excise shall, immediately on the Receipt of any such Return, transmit to the said Secretary a written Acknowledgment of the Receipt thereof, specifying the Date thereof, and shall forthwith enter at the Foot of each Abstract so filed by him as aforesaid, all new Matters respectively, which shall be noted in such Return as aforesaid, and shall thereupon file the said Return, and fend or deliver to each Baronial Collector or Treasurer in his District, a Copy of so much of the said Return as relates to his Barony or Half Barony, City or Town respectively 5 and such Baronial Collector or Treasurer shall enter the new Matters therein contained at the Foot of the Orders made by Justices of Peace so kept by him respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Payment shall be made by any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, to the Family of any Militia Man, until he shall have received from the Collector of Excise such Copy extracted from such Return as aforesaid for the preceding Month; and from and after the End of every Three Calendar Months from the Date of any Order of a Justice, or of the Justices at Sessions as aforesaid, no Payment shall be made by any such Baronial Collector or Treasurer, to the Family of any Militia Man, until a new Order of a Justice of the Peace as aforesaid shall have been received by such Baronial Collector or Treasurer in manner aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any such Entry shall be duly made at the Foot of such Order or Abstract, or any Alteration shall be made in any such Order, then and from thenceforth such Monthly Sum and no other shall be paid and payable to the Family therein mentioned, as would have been payable to the said Family by the Provisions of this Act, if an Order for Payment had been made and given by a Justice according to the Circumstances of such Family at the time of making such Entry or Alteration.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, in order to recompence the said Baronial Collectors and Treasurers

of Cities or Towns for the Trouble and Expence which they m3y severally incur by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County, City or Town at each Affixes, and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, at each Presenting Term, to present any Sum! they shall think reasonable to be raised off the Counties at large, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, to be applied and paid as such Grand Juries shall direct, to the said respective Collectors and Treasurers, over and above all Sums or Allowances to which they or any of them are or may be entitled by virtue of any other Law or Laws then in force, as a Reward for their Trouble and Expence in carrying the Provisions of this Act into Execution: Provided always, That such Grand Jury shall be satisfied by the Affidavits of such Collectors and Treasurers respectively, that such Collectors and Treasurers have duly paid the several Allowances to the Families of Militia Men in manner directed by this Act: And provided also, that the Sum so to be presented shall not exceed Five per Centum #n the Sums paid by such Collector or Treasurer since the last preceding Affixes or Presenting Term. '

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of a Baronial Cef9, Treasurer, Clerk of the Peace, Officer of the Peace, Collector of Excise respectively, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to carry the Provisions of this Act or any of them into Execution, and shall be thereof convicted on Preferment or In-didmeiu at the Assizes, or if in the County or City of Dublin, in the Court of King's Bench, every such Person so offending shall be fined at the Discretion of the Court any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the Baronial Cess, or Treasurer of a City or Town, shall, 00 Demand duly made, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy any Sum or Sums of Money then payable by him. to the Family of any Militia Man by virtue of this Act, every such Collector or Treasurer so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered upon Conviction of the said Offender before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed 5 which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon Information exhibited or Complaint made by the Party aggrieved in that behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter of Fad; and upon Proof thereof upon the Oath of One Witness, not being the Party entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Dinrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus (if any) after deduding the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party, and the Penalty fe adjudged shall be paid to the Use of the Parly so aggrieved as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every such Conviction shall be in the Form here following, or in some other Form of Words of the lame Import; that is to say,

4 DE it remembered# That y/. B. Collector of Cess in the Barony of in the County of

1^[er, Treasurer of the County of the City, or Town of, as the case

may be^t is convicted before me C.D. One of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, of not having paid the Allowance on the Day of last pad to the Family of,

1 a Seneant, ([Corporal, Drummer, Private, as the case may be] actually (erving in the Regiment

4 of Militia, although the fame was duly demanded of him on the Day of last part.

Witness my Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year

And every such Conviction in the bid Form# or any other Form of the feme Import, shall be good and

tafBcim in;

iG*o.III. jK XXIX. And

Copies of Returns to Barrni.tl Collector*, to enter Alterations at R>ot f Orders made by Indices.

Xo Payment until Returns received.

Payments made according to Returns.

Recompence ro Baronial Collectors for their Trouble,

Baronial Collectors negle^K ing Doty

[Penalty.]

And far neglecting to pay Sums due to Militia Men's Families.

[Penalty.]

Conviction according to following Fono

43©

Affidavits before Justice.

Perjury.

Half Barony deemed a whole. Act may be altered, &c.

Commencement.

0.75, 79. 5ie GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all and every Affidavits and Affidavit by this Act required to be made, taken or produced, shall and may be made before any Justice of the Peace within his proper Jurisdiction; and that every Person who shall swear falsely in any Affidavit required or authorized by this Act to be taken, shall, on being convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of wilful and .corrupt Perjury, and be purashed accordingly.

XXX. And be it enacted, That a Half Barony shall be deemed and taken to be a Barony, to all the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be paITed in this present Session of Parliament.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall commence and take Effect, and be in force from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, m all Cases where no other Period is expressly Hated for the Commencement of any Clause or Provisioti in this Act contained.

4ft G. 3. c. 96.

§17.

US.

In what case

Justice may refute Warrant for Conveyance of Lunatics.

[Proviso.]

Appeal.

Notice.

Justices to make Returns to Quarter-Sessions of Cases brought before them.

Overseers to produce Certificate of a Medical Person of State of Lunatic*

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Care and

Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England\ £i$th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England,

Provision is made for the Erection of Al'ylums for Lunatics and Inlane Persons, being Paupers or Criminals,

4 ip Counties or Districts of Counties in England: And whereas it is therein, among other things, enacted,

That so soon as any Lunatic Asylum so erected as aforesaid shall be declared by the VifjUng Justices to be completed, and in a fit State for the Reception of Lunatics and other Insane Persons, the Justices of the Peace acting respectively in and for any County or Counties at the Expence of which such Asylum shall have been built, are authorized and directed to issue Warrants, upon the Application of the Overseers of < the Poor of any Parish situate within such County or Counties, for the Conveyance of any Lunatic, Insane Person or dangerous Ideot, who may be chargeable to such Parish, to hlch Asylum, there to be safely kept, until he or she shall be duly discharged: And whereas it is also therein enacted, that if any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish shall wilfully neglect or delay to give Information to such Justice of any such Lunatic or Insane Person who shall be chargeable to such Pjtnfh, or to make Application for such Warrant as aforesaid, during the Space of Seven Days from the time that he shall be acquainted that such Person it so lunatic or insane, he shall be liable to a Penalty therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that the Justices of the Peace, to whom such Applications shall be made, should have a discretionary Power, as to f issuing or not issuing such Warrants, in certain cases, and under certain Restrictions, and particularly in Cases where it shall be found that the Number of Applications on the Behalf of Persons having just Claims to be admitted does at any time exceed the Number of those who can be properly accommodated in such Asylum, with a View to Cure, Comfort and safe Custody 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Application shall be made by the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish in any County or District of Counties, at the Expence of which any Lunatic Asylum shall have been erected, to any Justice of the Peace acting in and for such County or Counties, to issue his Warrant for the Conveyance of any Lunatic or Insane Person to fsch Asylum, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to refuse to issue the Warrant so required, if he shall so think fit, such Lunatic or Insane Person not being actually dangerous: Provided nevertheless, ' that any Justice so refusing to issue such Warrant as aforesaid mail, at the time of his so refusing, deliver in Writing to the Overseers of the Poor making such Application as aforesaid the Reasons for such Refusal,

II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think themselves aggrieved by such Refusal of any Justice as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons so appealing, having given to the Person against .whom such Appeal shall be made, Ten Days Notice of his, her or their Intention to make such Appeal; and the said Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summftrf way, and to make such Determination as they shall think proper; and every such Detennination shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every Justice who shall have issued a Warrant or Warrants for the Conveyance of any Lunatic or Insane Person to such Asylum, or who shall have refused to issue such Warrant or Warrants, on the Application of the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, shall make regular Returns to the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County in which such Parish shall be situate, of all Cases brought before him, in which he shall have granted, or refused to grant, a Warrant or Warrants for such Conveyance, stating in all cases of Refusal the Reasons for such Refusal; and such Returns shall be regularly filed and kept among the Records of such Court of General Quarter-Sessiorti.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, on making their Application to any Justice of the Peace for the Conveyance of any Lunatic or Insane Person, or dangerous Ideot, as aforesaid, shall produce to such Justice a Certificate in Writing from some Medical Person, of the State and Degree of Lunacy of the Person on whole Behalf such Application shall be made; and that it shall be further

12 lawful

A.D. 181 i.

43*

51° GEORGII III. C. 79, 8o, 8 r.

lawful for such Justice to cause such Lunatic, Id face Person or dangerous Ideot, to be yifited by such Medical Person as he shall think fit, and to examine the said Medical Person upon Oath as to the State and Degree of Lunacy of such Lunatic, In Cane Person or dangerous Ideot, and to order such Sum to be paid to such Medical Person for his Attendance as may seem just and reasonable, and such Sum shall be paid by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish making such Application, out of the Money raised therein for the Relief of the Poor.

V. And be it further enacted, that the Medical Superintendant of every such Asylum as aforesaid shall Medical Super-make regular Returns to the Justices of the Peace assembled at their General or Quarter-Sessions, at least T^c"<, anl0°^11jM Once in every Year, of the State and Conditio* of all Persons committed to his Care under the Authority of the aforesaid Act passed in the Forty eighth Year q£ His present Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, in order of Perioos enr that the said Justices may be enabled, from the Inspection of such Returns, and from the Report of such milled to Kit Medical Superintendant, to diteft the Discharge of any Persons from such Asylum who may appear from such Care.

Returns and Report to be no longer fit Objects to remain therein; and that the said Justices may, at the same time, issue their Warrants (which they are hereby authorized to issue) for the AdmiiHon of such other Persons at their Discretion, as may appear to be the fittest Objects for immediate Reception therein, out of the several Persons on whose Behalf Application may have been made to any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and whose Cases may have been regularly reported to the said General or Quarter-Sessions.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the regular Discharge of any Pauper from any such Asylum the* How Espefire of

necessary Expences attending the Removal of such Pauper shall be borne by the Parish in which such Pauper

shall be legally settled, and such Expences being allowed by Two Justices of the Peace ailing in and for the ray

County in which such Parish shall be situated fhaQ be paid by the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish out of the Money raised therein for the Relief of the Popr.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Bastard Child which shall be born of any Lunatic, In Cane Person Bastardsof Lu-or dangerous Ideot, in any such Asylum, shall thereby gain a Settlement in the Parish in which such j^ticstohavc Asylum shall be situated; but tl>at the Place of the legal Settlement of any such Child so born as aforesaid Moler*"*" shall be in the Parish where the Mother of such Child was last legally settled.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to render valid certain Indentures for die binding of Parish Apprentices.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen 43 Elk. c. i.

Efvuibetby intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, it is enacted, That the Churchwardens of $ x.

every Parish, and Four, Three or Two substantial Householders there, as shall be thought meet, having g respect to the Proportion and Greatness of the same Parish and Parishes, to be nominated yearly in Easier Week, or within One Month after Easter, in the manner therein directed, shall be Overseers of the Poor

of the same Parish; and that it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the greater 5

Part of them, by the Assent of Two Justices of the Peace, to bind the Children of such Parents as shall not by the said Churchwardens and Overseers or the greater Part of them be thought able to maintain their

Children, to be Apprentices: And whereas in divers small Parishes Two Persons only have been annually

appointed to act in the Capacity of Churchwardens as well as Overseers of the Poor s And whereas divers

Indentures for the binding of Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlements of Poor Persons,

have been executed and signed by such Two Persons, purporting to be the Churchwardens and Overseers

of such Parishes 5 but, by reason that the said Indentures and Certificates have not been signed by distinct Persons as Churchwardens and other distinct Persons as Overseers, such Indentures and Certificates have been or may be deemed to be void 2* Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Indentures for the binding of Parish Appren- Indenture! and tices, and all Certificates of the Settlements of Poor Persons, which have been heretofore executed and Certificates signed by Two Persons only, acting or purporting to act in the Capacity of Churchwardens a9 well as 6f Overseers of the Poor, and also all such Indentures and Certificates as shall hereafter be so signed, shall be considered as good, valid and effectual, as if the fame had been executed and signed by distinct Persons as Churchwardens, Churchwardens and distinct Persons as Overseers of the Poor, according to the said recited Act; any thing Sec. valid, therein or in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to do away or alter any Decision prior Deofionr. which may have taken place in any Court of Law, respecting the binding of any Parish Apprentice, or the Settlement of any Poor Person before the passing of this Act.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exlfl in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland* [15 th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, G. 3. c.iol»

An Act for appointing, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and [five, CommissionMre to enquire intolbe Fees, Gratuitie*i Perqmfitc/ and Emoluments which .act or have been lately received

i.$ 2«in

43 2

45 G. 3. c. 65. 47 G.3. Self X. c. 4l-

49 G. 3-C. 5I*

50 G. 3. c. 81.

continued*

Treasury may itfiie a, ooool.fur E* pence of Commissioners.

Officers of Excise to make a Return of Rock Salt in I'offession of Refiner for which Duty charged.

Refiner to pay a Duty after ihe Rate of 15s. per B'jfhcl. Exception.

Refiner on receiving Rock Salt (Exception) to pay Duty after the Rate, of 15s. per Bushel, xx give Bund, &c.

4 in the several Public Often in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuset which may exist in the fame, and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting* issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland; and the said recited Act has, by certain Acts made in the Forty fifth. Forty seventh, Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, been continued with Amendments until the First Dav of 4 y/fugud One thousand eight hundred and eleven; And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year, as amended by the said other Acts, should be continued in manner herein after mentioned 5* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, as amended by the said other recited Acts, shall be and the said Acts are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be issued, over and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts of the Forty fourth, Forty seventh, Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners under the said recited Acts, or any Three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers ana other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, and in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in that Behalf; and that such Sums mall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, according to the Course of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland* without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the fame, on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act foi* establishing Regulations respecting Rock Salt delivered to die Refineries 5 for grantings Relief for Salt loft at Sea by Shipwreck or Capture; and for reviving, amending and continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Use of Salt, Duty-free, for curing Fish in Bulk or in Barrels.

[15th Jttne 181 i.J

WHEREAS notwithstanding the Provisions of the Law in that respect, the Quantities of Salt produced 4 at entered Refineries to the Officers of Excise to be weighed and charged with the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect thereof have greatly fallen /hort of the Quantities which ought to have been made and refined from the Quantities of Rock Salt delivered at such Refineries for the Purpose of being there refined, to the great Diminution of His Majesty's Revenue and Injury of the fair Trader; ' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Officers of Excise shall, on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, make a just and true Return or Report to the Commissioners of Excise. or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint or employ to receive the same, of all the Rock Salt respectively then found in the Custody or Possession of any Refiner of Rock Salt which shall have been shipped Coastwise on Bond for the due Delivery thereof to such Refiner, and for or in respect whereof respectively the Duty shall not have been charged, and such Return or Report shall be a Charge upon such Refiner or Refiners, and he or they shall be chargeable and charged with, and within Six Weeks then next following pay the Duty at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings^/* Bushel for and in respect of such Rock Salt respectively, unless such Refiner shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Return or Report, give Bond or Security, to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Duties which shall be charged or chargeable on such Rock Salt respectively, for the due Payment of the Duties of Excise, at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Buftiel for or in respect of such Rock Salt, within the Space of Six Months from the time of making such Return or Report, or else producing to the proper Officer of Excise within such Six Months, and Having charged with the Duties a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made from such Rock Salt, in the Proportion of Fifty six Pounds of refined Salt at the lead for every Sixty five Pounds of such Rock Salt which shall from time to time be found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise deficient of the Quantity of such Rock Salt which shall have been so found in the Custody or Possession of such Refiner or Refiners, and for paying at the End of every Six Weeks from the time of making the Charge thereof, the Duties at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bushel for or in respect of the Quantity of each Charge of such refined Salt.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Rock Salt shall be delivered from any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, to be shipped Coastwise, or to be sent by Inland Navigation, free of Duty on Bond for itt being duly delivered at any entered Refinery, not being within the Counties of Lancader and Chester respectively, the Refiner or Refiners to or for whom the same shall be consigned or sent shall, within Six Weeks next after the Delivery or Receipt of such Rock Salty pay the Duties of Excise at and after the Rate of

14. Fifteen

A.D. 1811. 5i0GEbRGII III. C. 8a. 433

Fifteen Shillingsarr Bushel for such Rock Salt, unless such Refiner or Refiners shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Delivery or Receipt of such Rock Salt, give sufficient Bond or Security to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Duties of the said Rock Salt, for the due Payment of the Duties of Excise, at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bushel for or in respect of such Rock Salt, within the Space of Six Months next after such Delivery or Receipt, or else producing to the proper Officer of Excilc within such Six Months, and having charged with the Duties a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made from such Rock Salt, in the Proportion of Fifty six Pounds of reiined Salt at the lead for every Sixty five Pounds of such Rock Salt which shall from time to time be found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise deficient of the Quantity of such Rock Salt which shall have been so delivered or received, and for paying at the End of every Six Weeks, from the time of the Charge thereof, the Duties at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Buffiel for or in respect of the Quantity of each Charge of such refined Salt.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt, to whom any Rock Salt kept Rock Salt shall be sent coaitwife or felt by Inland Navigation as aforesaid on Bond for the due Delivery separate. thereof, shall keep the fame and every Part thereof separate and apart from all other Rock Salt; and if any

Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall neglect or refuse to keep such Rock Salt and every Part thereof separate and apart from all other Rock Salt, until such Rock Salt shall be put into his, her or their Cillern or other Vessel for dissolving the fame, or shall mix any Rock Salt of one Delivery or Receipt with any Rock Salt of any other Delivery or Receipt, then and in every such case the Refiner or Refiners so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt, to whom Rock Notice to Officer Salt shall, after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, be sent Coastwise or by of putting Rock Inland Navigation as aforesaid, shall at leall Six Hours before he, she or they shall put any Rock Salt into Salt intoCiftero. any Cillern or other Vessel to be made use of for the Purpose of dissolving the fame, or shall dissolve any such

Rock Salt, or make the fame into Brine, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey his, her or their

Refinery shall be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the particular

Time and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend so to put such Rock Salt into such Ciflern or

other Vessel, or to dissolve the fame, or to ?nake the fame into Brine, the Quantity of Rock Salt by him, her,

or them to be put into such Ciflern or Vessel, the particular Ciflern or Vessel into which the fame is to be

put for the Purpose of dissolving such Rock Salt therein, and the Date of the Permit or Bond under which the fame was received or delivered at such Refinery, and the Quantity of Rock Salt specified in such Permit;

and if any such Refiner or Refiners shall not begin to put the Rock Salt specified in any such Notice into the

Ciflern or other Vessel specified in such Notice, as being to be made use of for the Purpose of dissolving the fame tviihin the Space of One Hour next after the particular Time or Hour specified in such Notice for that Purpose, then such Notice shall be void, and every such Refiner or Refiners shall give a fresh and like Notice

before he, she or they shall begin to put any Rock Salt into any Ciflern or Vessel, for the Purpose of dissolving

the fame, or shall dissolve any such Rock Salt, or make the fame into Brine; and if any such Refiner or Re- Freth Notice.

fillers shall uegledt or refuse to give any such Notice, or having given any Notice which shall become void as

aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give a fresh and like Notice, he, she or they shall, for each and every such Penalty.

Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among 38 G. 3. c. 89.

other things, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon, the Commissioners of Excise and §*5*

Justices of the Peace respectively are authorized and required, under and subject to the Rules and Regulations in the said Act in that behalf provided, to grant their Warrants in the said Act in that behalf directed, for and in respect of such Salt and Rock Salt respectively as in the said Act mentioned lost or destroyed through Stress of Weather or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable calling away,

sinking or stranding of any Flat, Boat, Barge or Vessel, in or on board of which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be removing or transporting from one Place to another: And whereas by another Act made in

the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other things for amending the said Act made in the 39 0.3. c. 63.

Thirty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, the said Commissioners and Justices are authorized and I1*

required to grant the like Warrants for such Salt and Rock Salt respectively as in the said last mentioned Act in that behalf mentioned loft by Capture of Enemies: And whereas by Provisions in the said Act 38 G. 3. c. 89, made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, any such Warrant is prohibited from being granted, unless the § lls

Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt so lost or destroyed, or some Person on his, her or their behalf, shall, within One Month after such Accident, give such Notice in Writing as is by the said last mentioned Act in that behalf directed, nor unless it shall appear upon the Face of the Application, and be proved upon Oath that the Accident by which the Loss of the Salt or Rock Salt was occasioned happened within Six Months immediately preceding; And whereas some such Losses may not become known to the Proprietors or Shippers of such Salt or Rock Salt within One Month after such Accident shall have happened, and it is therefore expedient in any such case as is herein after mentioned to grant the Relief under such Notice as is herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That in every case where any Salt or Regulation! as to Rock Salt, as in that behalf mentioned in the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, shall by she accidental or unavoidable calling away and sinking of the Ship or Vessel, in or on board which such Salt ^eckor Cap^ or Rock Salt shall be removing or transporting from one Place to another, be loft, or where any such Salt or tu*c> in order to Rock Salt as in that behalf mentioned in the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, shall be loft receive Rclie£

by

434 C. 82. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 181t.

[Proviso.]

by Capture of Enemies, and any such Loss shall not have come to the Knowledge of the Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt in sufficient time to enable such Proprietor or Shipper to give the Notice required by the said Act within One Month next after such Accident, or within Six Months respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Proprietor or Shipper within One Month after such Accident shall have become known to him, her or them, to give to the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection neared to which the Accident shall have happened. Notice in Writing specifying therein the several Matters and Things by the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, required to be specified in' the Notice iu Writing required by the said last mentioned Act, to entitle the Party to any such Warrant as aforesaid, and upon any such Notice as is by this Act prescribed having been given as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful either for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Shire, at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace neared to which the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt shall reside, or for the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any Three of the said Commissioners, to proceed thereon, and grant the like Relief as in and by the said respective Acts is authorized, directed or required, for or in respect of Salt or Rock Salt, for and in respect whereof a Notice has been given within One Month, and Proof made upon Oath that the Accident by which the Loss was occasioned happened within Six Months respectively in that behalf mentioned in the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid; any thing in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding'; Provided always nevertheless, that no such Application shall be fudained or proceeded upon, nor shall inch

Relief be granted, unless sufficient Fads shall be proved to satisfy the said Commissioners and Justices respectively, that the Circumdances of the Case and Loss were such as to have prevented and put it out of the Power of the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of the said Salt or Rock Salt to have given the Notice, or tu have made the Application within the respective times in that behalf required by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

41 G. 3. (G. B.)*VI. And whereas the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found ufetul and beneficial,

§1 — 3-3*c and it is expedient that the fame should be revived and continued Be it therefore enacted, That so much tUiued?and C°n- of* m*de in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things for wue allowing until the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, the Use of Salt Duty-

Tree in the preserving of Fife in Bulk, or in Barrels, and for discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, as relates to allowing the Use of Salt Duty-free in the preserving of rim in Bulk, or in Barrels, which was continued by Three Acts of the Forty second, Forty third and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, shall be, and the fame is hereby revived and further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.,

41 G.3. (G.B.) 4

VII. And whereas by the said Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign aforesaid, any Person or Persons

x» ' receiving, taking or shipping on board any Vessel or Vessels any Quantity of Salt free of Duty for the Purpose of salting, curing or preserving Fife, is and are, among other things, required to give such Bond or Security as is in the said Act in that behalf prescribed, that be or they will duly account in manner in the said Act mentioned for all the Salt which he or they shall at any time ship, receive or have on board his or their Vessel or Vessels for the Purpose of salting, curing or preserving Fim, and that such Salt, and every Part thereof, shall be fairly and bona Jide employed, spent and consumed in salting, curing or preserving of«Fife as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Warhouse entered for the keeping or ftonng of Salt Duty*free from whence the fame was taken 1 And whereas by the said Act no time is Gmited or prescribed within«which such Person or Persons shall so duly account for such Salt, or for such Salt being so employed, spent and consumed as aforesaid, or being returned into the Warehouse as aforesaid, and it is therefore expedient Such Salt shall to make such Provision in that behalf as is herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That all such he accounted for Salt which shall be so received, taken or shipped after the passing of this Act, shall be duly accounted for as iu1hT'felVCh aforesaid within Twelve Months, to be computed and reckoned from the Day of such Receipt thereof 5 and Receipt Uiereof? t^le ^ame anc* evei7 Part thereof shall within such Twelve Months be fairly and bona Jidc employed, spent and

" # consumed in salting, curing qr preserving of Fish as aforesaid, or shall be returned into the Warehouse entered

for the keeping or uoring of Salt Duty-free from whence the fame was taken, and every such Bond or Security given after the passing of this Act shall be conditioned accordingly.

How Penalties

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be recovered and sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture applied. may ke sued for> recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminstert or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture' shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them wlm shall inform, discover our sue for the fame. "

A.D. 181

51° GEORGII IIt C. 83, 84, 85. 435

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for allowing the like Drawback of Duty paid on Coais used in certain Mine* and Smelting Mills in Devonshire, as is now allowed in the County of Cornwall

[15th June i8n.j

WHEREAS it is expedient the Encouragement which has been given to the working of Mines in Cornwall and the Island of Anglesea, by allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals used therein,

Should be extended to the working of Mines in the County of Devon; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Coalj used the passing of this Act, for all Coals that shall be used for Fire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or "j

for calcining or smelting Lead Ores within the County of Devon, and for which Duties have been first lowed"Draw." answered ana paid, a Drawback shall be allowed and made of all such Duties, upon Proof by Oath made before backofDutiM. the Collector of the said Duties, (which Oath he is hereby impowered and required to administer) that such Coals have been so used and applied; and the Amount of the Duties so drawn back shall be returned and paid by the Collector of the said Duties to the Person so making Proof as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to explain an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elections, so far as relates to Coal Meters and Com Meters of the City of London.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act a* G. 3. c. 4f*

for better securing the Freedom of Fie Sion of Members to serve in Parliament by disabling certain

9 Officers employed in the Colledkn or Management of His Majesty's Revenue from giving their Votes at such Elegions, Officers and Persons employed in charging, colluding, levying or managing the Customs are § i«

' rendered incapable of voting for Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament of the Fifteen Coal Meters and Ten Corn Meters of the City of London, admitted from time to time by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said

City, to have, hold, exercise and enjoy the said Places of Coal Meters and Com Meters respectively, in trait for the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City; and the said Coal Meters have been

considered to be within that Act, because they have*a Commission from the Commissioners of Customs;

and the said Com Meters have also been considered to be within that Act, because the Duties of Customs

payable to His Majesty on Com imported into the Port of London are ascertained by or from the Admeasurement of the said Corn Meters, although the said Coal and Corn Meters respectively aft without any Fee c or Salary payable out of the Customs or other public Revenues of the Crown: And whereas it is not

expedient that the said Act Should be held to extend to such Coal and Com Meters respectively* Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to such not to extend to Coal Meters or Com Meters of the City of London as aforesaid, notwithstanding they may have a Commission Corn Meter»°of from the Commissioners of Customs, or be employed in the Admeasurernent of Coal or Com for the Purpose ij^ndon. of ascertaining the Duties of Customs due to His Majesty thereon, or to render such Coal Meters or Com Meters incapable of giving their Votes for Members to serve in Parliament as other Persons having a Right of voting may do, provided such Coal Meters and Corn Meters shall not receive or be entitled to receive any Salary, Fee or Reward payable out of the Revenue of Customs or other Public Revenues of the Crown,

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service ' of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eigftt hundred and eleven.

[15th June 1811.]

94 TREASURY may issue Exchequer Bilk, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. Chargeable on Supplies of 1811, and payable at any time on Fourteen. Days' Notice. §1. Clauses, See. in the recited Act relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Act. f 2. But not to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of 44 51 G. 3. c. 2: in any other manner than they are authorized by that Act, &c. §3. Interest on such Ex- 44 chequer Bills not exceeding $\d.per Cent, per Diem. $ 4. Such Exchequer Bills may, at the Expiration i* of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the Revenue. §5. Bank of England authorized to*49 advance £6, 000 poo on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding j & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — $ 6.

A.D. 18u,

436

45. G. 3. c. 18.

46 G. 3. c. 6a.

47 0.3. SeflT.x.

c-31*

47 0.3- Sess. a. c. 16.

47 0.3. Scflla. c. 18.

46 G. 3. ce. xa. xao.

47 G.3. Sess. ju c. x.

48 0.3. c. 80.

49 G. 3. c. 74. 50G. 3. C. 97.

Duties and Drawbacks coo* timied.

Exception1.

47 G. 3* SeflT. x.

c. i9, &c.

51 G. 3. c.I».

C. 86. 51° GEORGII III.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to continue) until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland: and to grant to His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation^ and to allow Drawbacks on die Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland.

[26th June 1811.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty Jifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Mer- chandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and 1 Bounties: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for granting unto His Majesty until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred andfix, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Irony Sugar and Tea into and from Ireland: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty*seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repeal Part of the Duties on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco in Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign* intituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty certain Duties on the Importation and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to provide for the Decrease and Suspension in certain Cases of Part of the Countervailing Duty on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland: And whereas such of the said recited Acts as were temporary have been from time to time continued by several Acts passed in the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Yeats of His present Majesty's Reign, and by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majestys Reign* the said recited Acts were amended and continued, and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Acts were further continued: And whereas an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

4. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Ware*

and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and ftom Ireland 1 4 by which said last mentioned Act the several Acts hereinbefore recited were continued, and are in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and it is expedient that all the said recited Acts, and also the several Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them, or any of them, Should be further continued in manner herein after mentioned j* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates and Duties granted, and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, untuand upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks on the several Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks, are by this Act granted, imposed or allowed, and except such Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations, and on Refined Sugar under the said recited Acts, or any of them, as are provided for by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide more elseSualh for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing BritHft Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty Jifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, ana which said last recited Act is by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and amended, and that the said recited Acts, except as aforesaid, and except also as they are altered or repealed by each other or by this Act, or by any other Act 1 and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually, as if the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the said Powers, Pro. vssions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things had been by the said recited Acts or any of them, extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted bad made Part of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and that the several Articles in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted or imposed, or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty is allowed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall respectively be, and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and shall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bounties (except aa aforesaid), allowed in respect thereof, under the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Acts* upon, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, according to tho true Intent and Meaning of this Act*

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 86. 437

II. And whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty the several new Duties herein after mentioned,

upon certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into Ireland, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June New Duties of One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, Custotrs accord-collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Ready Money (except In* to Schedule, as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever upon the Importation of the several Goods,

Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, imported into Inland, the several Duties inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that the said Duties in the said Schedule specified shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the likq Sorts, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred American Ttm-and eleven, and during the Continuance of this Act, in lieu and instead of the several Duties payable on the !>er Importation into Ireland of Wood and Timber, being the Growth or Production of the United States of Wood^o p, yD America, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, there shall be Duties as wioi raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and of Foreign upon all Wood and Timber, being the Growth or Production of the United States of America, of whatever Countries.

Sort or Description such Wood or Timber shall be, the like Rates and Duties as are payable on the Importation into Ireland of Wood or Timber of the like Sort or Description, being the Growth or Production of any Foreign Country, or being the Growth or Production of any Place except the United States of America and the Mritish Colonies 5 and that from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be allowed on all such Timber and Wood, being the Growth or Produce of the said United States, which shall have paid the Duties hereby imposed thereon, and which shall be exported from Ireland, such and the like Drawbacks as are payable on Timber or Wood, being the Growth or Production of any Foreign Country as aforesaid, exported from Ireland under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, Additional Duty his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, which at any time, from and after of Customs on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be imported into Ireland, or which Tol>acco* having been imported info Ireland before the said Day, shall, on or after the said Day, be in His Majesty's

Stores or Warehouses in Ireland* a Duty of Customs of One Penny and Thirteen Twentieths of a Penny British Currency* in Addition to all other Duties of Customs or Excile, payable on any such Tobacco, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland: And that upon the Exportation of any unmanufactured Tobacco from Drawback. Ireland, which shall have paid the said Duty, there shall be allowed and given to the Exporter thereof a Drawback of One Penny and Thirteen Twentieths of a Penny, in Addition to all other Drawbacks payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

4 V. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain 39 & 40 0.3.

and Ireland, that in respect of the Duties by this Act imposed on Hemp imported into Ireland, counter- 40G.

vailing Duties should be charged on Cordage, being the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from'a*.

thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said Duties Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after Countervailing the passing of this Act, there shall be charged on all Cordage, the Manufacture of Great Britain, and Duty <, n British imported from thence into Ireland, the several countervailing Duties following; that is to say, Cordage to be used as Standing Rigging, or other Cordage made from Topt Hemp, the Ton, containing Twenty , n 0 r

Hundred Weight, the Sum of Four Pounds Ten Shillings and Three pence; Cordage of any other Sort,

Cable Yarn, Packthread and Twine, the Ton, containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Four Pounds Four Shillings and Four pence; and that upon trie Exportation of any Cordage manufa6\uied in Equivalent Ireland from Hemp, which shall have paid the Duty by this Act imposed, and1 which shall be exported to Drawback on Great Britain, or elsewhere, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the said Countervailing Duty.

VI. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain 39 &40 G.3.

snd Ireland, that in respect of the additional Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into and manufactured c-6?* 40G. J.

4 in Ireland, increased Countervailing Duties shall be charged upon Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Pro-

duce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said Duties on Tobacco imported into or manufactured in Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That there shall CourWvailipg be charged on all Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported Duties on Britishg from thence into Ireland, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such aiK*

Tobacco and Snuff, under or by virtue of any Act or A6ks in force in Ireland, immediately before the passing nu*of this Act, the several Countervailing Duties following; that is to say.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, the Sum of Seven Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Sfanish, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence:

51 Geo. III. 3 L For

Drawback on m a-

nufadliretl Tobacco and Snuff exported to Foreign Parts.

Countenrailing Duty and equivalent Drawback on Irtlh Spirits exported UG.B.

Rxcefs of Duty in what case refunded.

Stoves imported Duty free from British Colonies.

Duties paid in British Currency, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

Duties payable on Goods not entered, &c.

C. 86. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Shag Tobacco cut, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny ThrVe Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Carrot Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny:

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco, not hereinbefore enumerated or deferifjed, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four Pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff, called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Tw6 Shillings ana Nine Pence:

'For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of 1 One Shilling and Eleven* Pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight of British manufactured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine Pence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon all Tobacco and Snuff manufactured in Ireland from Tobacco which shall have paid all Duties of Customs and Excise payable on the fame according to Law, immediately after the? passing of this Act. which shall be exported from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain, theri shall be paid and allowed, by way of Drawback or Compensation for the Duty charged and paid on the Import of the Leaf Tobacco, whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excise Duty charged thereon by Law, the like Sums of Money as are by this Act allowed and made payable on all such manufactured Tobacco and Snuff exported to Great Britain, according to the Descriptions and Denpminations hereinbefore mentioned and contained: Provided always, that Proof shall be made on Oath or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, that all such manufactured Tobacco and Snuff so exported shall have been manufactured from Tobacco which shall have paid all Import and Excise Duties payable by Law thereon, immediately from and after the passing of this Act.

VIII. And whereas the Intercourse in Home-made Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland has been*suspended by Law for a limited time; and whereas the Suspension of such Intercourse hath now expired; Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Spirits, Aqua Vita or Strong Waters, made or distilled in Great Britain, from Corn or Grain, and which at any time after the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven shall have been or shall be imported into Ireland, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duty on such Spirits, under any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of the passing of this Act; and that there shall be paid and allowed for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, and which at any time after the said Twentieth Day of May shall be exported from Ireland to Great Britain, an equivalent Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty granted by this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons, at any time after the Suspension of such Intercourse had expired, shall have paid or shall pay any greater or higher Countervailing Duty on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, or shall have been allowed or shall have received any greater or higher Drawback on Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and exported from thence to Great Britain, than the Duty and Drawback granted and allowed by this Act, the Amount of the Excess of such Duty so paid by any rerson shall be repaid to the Person having paid the fame by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and the Amount of the Excess of such Drawback, so allowed to or received by any Person, shall by such Person be repaid to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall for that Purpose order and direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Duties of Customs on Staves, the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Ireland directly from thence, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable, and that all such Staves shall be imported into Ireland free of Duty; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, immediately before the passing of this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Drawbacks in this Act mentioned, and also the Duties and Drawbacks in the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall he paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency; and that all the said Duties shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that all the said Duties, and all Drawbacks in this Act and the said Schedule specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained according to the Tale, Weight, Guage, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified; and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall not

II

A.D. 1811.

5X. GEORGII III.

C. 86.

439

not have been entered on or before the passing of this Act, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the passing of this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and let forth in this Act, and the said Schedule, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned as, having been imported into Ireland\ shall have been or shall be warehoused, or shall have been feoured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paidf and shall remain so warehoused or secured on the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may have been imported before the passing of this Act : Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, until the Duties which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been subject to before the passing of this Act shall be payable by Law.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in ail cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Ireland, are permitted to be secured by Bond, or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, granted or imposed, may in like manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Raw Sugar, the Growth or Production of any Foreign Country or Place, legally imported into Ireland, may be lodged and secured in Warehouses in Ireland\ Without Payment at the time of the first Entry of such Sugar, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof, in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as Sugar of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in the West Indies, or of the Growth or Produce of the East Indies; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the coatrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And, for the better (ecuring of the Payment of all Duties payable in the several Ports of Ireland, and applicable to the Maintenance or Light Houses in any Part of the United Kingdom, be it further enacted, Th^t, from and after the passing of this Act, the Collectors of His Majesty's Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors, or Searchers, Waiters, and all other Officers of the Customs whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks, at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places in Ireland, shall not take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards for any Ship or Vessel liable or subject to the Payment of aDy such Duties, until all such Duties as every such Vessel shall be liable or subject to in respect of any Light House or Light Houses which such Vessel shall have passed, or shall be , shout to oafs, in the Course of her Voyage to or from such Port, Harbour or Place, shall have been duly paid to the respective Persons appointed or entitled to collect such Duties, nor until the Matter or Owner off every such Ship or Vessel shall shew and produce a Receipt for such Duties accordingly, to the Officers required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Discharge, Clearance or Report Outwards as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties and Drawbacks hereby mentioned and granted and allowed shall be raised, levied, collected and paid UDto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same manner and under fudh Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such 'Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed and expressed, for the raising, coflefting, levying and paying, and managing of Duties and Drawbacks payable on Goads, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland Li the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Excise hr new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the letter Execution of the several A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the CommiJfiGntrs of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said 'Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of liis late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by 3ny other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until and upon the Fifth Dayot July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and no longer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That tins Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts 'to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

And atfb on Goods warehoused.

Pro v if.

Additional Da* ties bonded.

Foreign Rear Sugar warehoused in Ireland.

Payment of Lighihouse Duties in Pom «f Ireland.

Duties and Drawbacks under Regulation of 14

15 Car. 2. befl*4. c. 8 4^0.3i c. 106, Ice.

Continuance «f

Act.

Act may be altered, tec.

3 L z

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1811.

440 C. 86, 87. 51° GEORGII in.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Dutieft. Drawbacks.

Liquorice Juice, or Ball, the cwt. £ s. d. 2 10 0 £ S. d.

Liquorice Powder, the cwt. - - - 4120 2 0.

Liquorice Root, the cwt. - - - Hemp, viz. dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. not imported iu a British-built Ship, the cwt. — rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Substance of the Nature or Qua- lity of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, imported 2 13 4 400 440 i & 8

in a British-built Ship, the cwt. - 078 0 3 ia

.. not imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. — rough or undressed, or any other vegetable Substance in the Nature or Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purposes, the Produce of the British Plantations in America, or imported from Great Britain, having been imported into England by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Ton, containing 20 cwt. - Cordage, Tarred or untarred, not being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, whether in use or otherwise, (Standing or Running Rigging in use excepted) and all Cable Yarn, not being the Manufacture of Great Britain, the cwt. Twine, not being the Manufacture of Great Britain, the cwt. Cotton Wool, imported into Ireland in any Ship or Vessel, not being a British or 0 a 8 0 6 8 0-18 0 160 0 3 10

Irish-built Ship or Vessel, the 100 lbs. s 1 5 6 156;

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Pbrter* and for indemnifying Persons who have manufactured or used such Colouring.

[26th Jane 181 r.J

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King 4 W George the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain 5 on Hops grown in or importedinta Great Britain $ and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain \ for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer> 5 ao.9Ale and Malty it was enacted, That no Person or Persons should mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture or prepare, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or pre-

pared from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol,

Quaffia, Coculus indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any other MateriaLor Ingredient whatever (except Malt and Hops), any Liquor to imitate or relemble or to be mixed with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops 5 nor should fell, dispose of, fend or deliver, or cause to be sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds 5 and all such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared as aforesaid, and also all the Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium and every other Material or Ingredient whatsoever as aforesaid (other than Malt and Hops) in the Custody or Possession of such Person or Persons, together with every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat or other Vessel or t^tenfil whatsoever in which any such Liquor, Material or Ingredient should be contained, or which shall have been made use of or employed for or in the mixing, compounding, fabricating, manufacturing, pre-

paring or keeping any such Liquor; and all such Liquor, Materials, ana Ingredients, together with every such Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid should be forfeited and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and that no Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale should receive or take into his, her or their Custody or PbfTession any Stale Beer or Beer Grounds, or should mix or mingle with any Beer or Ale any Liquor compounded, fabncated or prepared from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses,

Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or other Material or Ingres

dient (except Malt and Hops) or in the Fabrication, Manufacture or Preparation whereof any Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Material or Ingredient (other than Malt and Hops) was or

should

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C87. 441

should be mixed, employed or made use of, nor should have, receive or take into his, her or their Custody or

Possession any Liquor compounded, fabricated or prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every such

Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And whereas it i» expedient to allow the Preparation and Use of f Liquor prepared and made from Burnt Sugar only, reduced to a Liquid by Solution in Water, under, subject and according to the Roles, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions herein after contained, provided,

settled or established of and concerning the same f Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Duty on Bee* Att there shall be raised, levied, coUe&ed and paid to and for the Use of His laid Majesty, his Heirs and Colouring. Successors, for every Gallon of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, prepared or made from Burnt Sugar reduced to a Liquid by Solution in Water, to be mixed with Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter, for the Purpose of colouring the fame, the Sum of Ten Shillings per Barrel, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of such Liquor, shall once in every Entry of Liquor Week make a true Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise, within the Limits of which, he, she or they wec*y*

shall so make any such Liquor, of all such Liquor by him, her or them so made within such Week, which Lntry shall be verified upon Oath by the Maker or Makers of such Liquor, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Servant employed in making such Liquor, and all and every such Maker or Makers who shall neglect or refuse to make any such Entiy as aforesaid, shall, for each and every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Liquors whatsoever prepared or made by any Person or Persons Liquor made by* wha shall be licensed under or by virtue of this Act as a Maker or Makers of Liquor, commonly called or known*licensed Co-by the Name of Colouring, prepared or made as aforesaid, to be mixed as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid,

and which by Mixture with Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter will darken the Colour Duty. thereof, shall be liable to the said Duty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of such Liquor shall from time to Not clearing ofl£ time within One Week after he, she or they shall make or ought to have made such Entry' as aforesaid, pay D°uNo Duty, and clear off all the Duty for all such Liquor so by him, her or them made; and that every Maker or Makers

of such Liquor as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse so to pay and clear off any such Duties as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay double the Amount of all such Duties so neglected or refused to be paid or cleared off: Penalty. Provided always, nevertheless, that no Person shall be compelled to travel for the making of the said Entries How far Maker or Payment of the said Duties further than the Market Town next to the Place where he, she or they shall so to go to make make the said Liquor. Entry.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act impoted, a3 shall arise in England, Duties under Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise Commissioner*. in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of any Liquor commonly called or Makes* of Co

known by the Name of Beer Colouring, before he, she or they shall begin to make any such Liquor shall make louring to make a true and particular Entry in Writing of every House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room and Place by Uteofilu

him, her or them respectively made use of, or intended to be made use of, in or for the boiling, evaporating, burning, manufacturing, laying or keeping of any Sugar, or in or for the making, mixing, laying or keeping

of any such Liquor, or laying or keeping of any Sugar at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place respectively, shall be situate, and all and every Maker and Makers of the said Liquor shall also make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Vessel by him, her or them, kept for or made use of in or for the boiling, evaporating, burning or manufacturing any such Sugar, or in or for the making or mixing any such Liquor at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Vessel shall be kept or made use of; and if any Maker or Makers of any such Liquor shall neglect to make any such Entry, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, Penalties together with all the Sugar, and all such Liquor and all the Preparatives for the making or manufacturing thereof, which shall at any time be found in any such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place so made use of, or intended to be made use of as aforesaid, and whereof no such Entry as in that behalf aforesaid shall be made; and also every such Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Vessel whereof no such Entry as in that behalf aforesaid shall be made, and all such Sugar, Liquor, Preparatives, and also every such Boiler,

Kettle, Copper or other Vessel whereof no such Entry as in that behalf aforesaid shall be made, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever residing within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall make any Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, unless such Person or Persons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Rent or Value of Ten Pounds or upwards, and for which he, she or they shall accordingly be assessed in his, her or tJieir own Name or Names, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever residing in any other Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall make any such Liquor unless such Person or Persons respectively shall be assessed and pay to Church and Poor in the several Parishes and Places in which such Person or Persons shall respectively reside; and that no Entry of any House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place for the making of any such Liquor shall be of any Avail to any Person or Persons Dot so qualified, or for any longer time than the Person or Persons so making

such

In whit case' only Entry of* Place for making Colouring within' Limits of Excise Office in London valid.

Made by Occupier of Tenement of 10l. in any other? Place.

Where Entry of any House, $cc. for making Colouiing, no other Entry by others of any Place under the lame Roof or within the same Tenement.

Makers of Porter Colouring to take out Licences.

To whom Money for Licences to be paid.

Licences renewed yearly*

[Penalty.]

One Licence sufficier.t for a PaitnerQiip in One House.

Officer to enter and survey Places entered by Makers of Colouring.

C.S7. jJi' GEORGII IXIj A.D. 1811.

such Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person making any (inch Liquor and not qualified as aforesaid shall) notwithstanding any Entry by him, her or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Period making such Liquor without Entry within the Meaning of this Act

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Entry shall be made by any Maker or Makers of such Liquor of any House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place for the making of any such Liquor, no other Entry shall be made by any other Maker or Makers of any such Liquor (not being in Partnership with such Maker or Makers making such first Entry), of the lame or of any other Home, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place whatsoever for the making of any such Liquor under the fame Roof, or within the same House or Tenement in which such first Entry shall then be existing, but every such Maker or Makers making such further Entry of the fame House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or Place, or of any other such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place under the fame Roof, or within the same House or Tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further Entry by him, her or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Maker or Makers of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring, without Entry, stnd subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Makers thereof without Entry are subject to by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall jnake any-such Liquor shall, before he, she or they shall make any such Liquor, take out a Licence and Licences, authorizing such Person or Persons to make such Liquor, which Licences respectively shall be granted in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make any such Liquor within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Londont the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them for the time being shall from time to time appoint for that Purpose; but if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make any such Liquor in any Part of the Kingdom of England out of the Limits of the said Chief Office, the same shall be granted 'under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts; and in case any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make any such Liquor within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, or if any such Licence shall be granted to authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to make any such Liquor in any Part of Scotland out of the Limits of the City of Edi*-burgh, then the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and DistriCU; and such respective Commimoners of Excise or Two or 'more of them respectively and the Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors are hereby respect.tivtely authorized and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the fame, on the Person or Persons applying for the Tame first paying the Sum of Five Pounds for each such Licence.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money by this Act directed to be paid for such Licences respectively shall be paid for such respective Licences to such Persons as are herein after in that behalf respectively mentioned; that is to say, such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in London; and such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be taken out in any Part of Great Britain, not within the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise granting such respective Licences.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall make any such Liquor-after the Expiration of such his, her or their Licence, unless such Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence for the like Purpose in the manner hereinbefore directed, Ten Days at lead before the Expiration of such former Licence, and so in like manner renew every such Licence from Year to Year; and if any Person or Persons shall make any such Liquor without first taking out a Licence authorizing him, her or them so to do, and renewing the same as is hereinbefore in that behalf directed, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lole the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII. Provided always, That Persons trading in Partnership and in One House or Shop only shall not be obliged to take out more than One Licence in any One Year, for making such Liquor; and that no One Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this, Act shall authorize s>r*empower any Person or Persons to make any such Liquor in any other House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place than such Houses, Workhouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Rooms or other Places whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the Office of Excise in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons for making such Liquor at the time of granting such Licence*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise or any or either of them, from time to time and at all times, to enter into all and every the Houses, Workhouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Rooms and other Places entered or made use of by any Maker or Makers of the said Liquor in or for the boiling, evaporating, burning, manufacturing or keeping of any Sugar, or in or for the making of any such Liquor, and by weighing, gauge or other wile as to such Officer or Officers shall seem meet, to take an Account of the Quantities of Sugar fit or proper to be ufedor employed in the making of such Liquor as aforesaid, and also of the Quantities of such Sugar which shall be boiling, evaporating, burning or in Operation of Manufacture for such Liquor, and also of the Quantities of such Liquor as mall be

either

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 87. 443

either making or J>reparing or made or prepared -in the Custody or Possession of such Maker or Makers of such Liquor from time to time, and of all such Liquor for or in respect whereof the Duty by this Act imposed shall be chargeable and shall not have been charged, make a Report or Return in Writing to the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or to such Person as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, and such Report or Return of the Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Liquor, subject to the Duty imposed by Mikertof Beer*

this Act, shall, in the Making, Manufacture or Preparation thereof, make use of any Material or Ingredient Colouring to other than Brown Sugar and Water; and if any Maker or Makers shall, in the Making, Manufacture or Pre- ma, tc of no

paration of any such Liquor, make use of any Material or Ingredient other than Brown Sugar and Water, the*Ul

Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hun- Penalty.*dred Pounds, together with all such Liquor in the Making, Manufacturing or Preparation whereof any Material or Ingredient other than Brown Sugar and Water shall have been made use of, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XV. Provided always nevertheless, That no Brewer or Brewers of Beer or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer No Brewer, to or Retailers of Beer, nor any Droggift or Druggists, Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, nor to.ta, ce 0111*any Chymist or Chymills, Apothecary or Apothecaries, shall be at Liberty to take out any such Licence as , sj^Ce^r hereinbefore mentioned; nor shall any such Licence, if taken out by any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer Colouring.

or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, or by any Druggist or Druggists, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or by any Chymist or Chymists, or by any Apothecary or Apothecaries, be of any Avail, but the same shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; nor shall any Brewer Void, or Brewers of Beer, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, or any Druggist or Druggists, or Vender or Venders, or Seller or Sellers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or any Chymist or Chymists, or any Apothecary or Apothecaries, make any such Liquor or any other Material or Preparation for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Beer or any Liquor, such as has been heretofore or as shall hereafter be made use of for or in the darkening of the Colour of Beer, on pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, together with all such Liquor and all Materials and Ingredients whatsoever, Penalty, which shall be found in his, her or their Custody or Possession for making the same, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the fame, and the fame respectively shall and may be seised by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of any such Liquor as aforesaid, nor any Makers of Brewer or Brewers of Beer shall receive or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Melasses, PerterCoEeuring Honey, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper or Opium, or any Extra# or or ?rc'Ter* Preparation of Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise or Guinea Pepper, and if any such Maker or Makers, fionMehfreie£" or Brewer or Brewers shall receive into his, her or their Custody or Possession any Melasses, Honey, Vitriol, vitriol, to*Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Extra# or Preparation of Quaflia,

Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, or Guinea Pepper respectively, the fame respectively shall be forfeited'. Penalty, together with the Calks, Vessels or other Packages, containing the fame, and all such Melasses, Honey j Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Iodise, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Extra# or Preparation of Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grain* of Paradise or Guinea Pepper, Calks, Vessels or other Packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excite, and such Maker or Makers, or Brewer or Brewers in whose Custody or Possession any such Melasses, Honey, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indix, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper,

or Extra# or Preparation of Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, or Guinea Pepper shall be found,

shall forfeit and loie the Sum ot Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Druggist or Druggists, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer Druggist or or Dealers in Drugs, nor any Chymist or Chymists, or Apothecary or Apothecaries, or other Person or Persons Chymist felling whatever, shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause, procure, permit or fuffqr to be sold, sent or delivered, to any l0°^f^cn of* licensed Maker or Makers of Liquor, for or in respect whereof a Duty is by this Act imposed, knowing such Betr Colouring Maker or Makers to be, or to be reputed to be a Maker or Makers-of such Liquor, or shall fell, fend or deliver,

or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered to any other Person or Persons, for or on account of, or in trust for any such Maker or Makers, or shall fell, (end or deliver, or cause, or procure to be sold, sent or delivered to any licensed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be so licensed, or to be reputed to be so licensed, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered, to any other Person or Persons, for or on account of, or in trust for any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, any Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Extrn# or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise or Guinea Pepper respect lively; and if any Druggist or Druggists, or Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or any Chymist or Chymists, or any Apothecary or Apothecaries, or any other Person or Persons whatever, shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure, permit or suffer to be sold, font or delivered, to any licensed Maker or Makers of the said Liquor, for or in respect whereof a Duty is by this Act imposed, knowing such Maker or Makers to be or to be reputed to be a Maker or Makers of such Liquor, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered to any other Person or Persons, for or on account of, or in trust for any such Maker or Makers, er shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered, to any licensed Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, knowing him, her or them to be so licensed, or to be reputed to be so licensed, or shall fell, fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold, sent or delivered to any other Person or Persons, for or on account of or in trust for any iiich Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, any Melasses, Honey, Liquorice,

Vitriol,

A.D. 1811.

[Penalty.]

Penalty. Officers authorized to take Sample*/

[Penalty.]

Permits for Remoral of Beer Colouring.

"No Permit teithout Request Mote.

At what Hours Colouring to be removed.

[Penalty.]

Beer Colouring brought into any Brewhouse without Notice and Permit. Penalty.

Brewer keeping Colouring in any Place except entered Tor that particular Purpose.

[Penalty.]

Parter Brewers only permitted to mike use c£ .Colouring.

C. 87. 51 GEORGII III.

Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indi*, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any Extract or Preparation of Me-Ufles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quailia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise or Guinea Pepper respectively 5 all such Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quailia, Coculus Indite, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Extra# or Preparation of Melasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quailia, Coculus India?, Grains of Paradise or Guinea Pepper respectively shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall aniLmay be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Dnrggift or Druggist9, Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or Chymiil or Chymists, Apothecary or Apothecaries, or other Person or Persons whatever, so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, and all such Officers are hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or times, a Sample or Samples of any Sugar or Liquor, at any time in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Liquor, commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colourings paying for the same if demanded the Value thereof; and in case any Maker or Makers of such Liouor as aforesaid, shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his, her or their lo paying for the same (if demanded), such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Maker or Makers of any Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colourings duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, shall h?ive Occasion to remove any such Liquor from any such his, her or their entered House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place, the Officer or Officers of Excise of the respective Divisions or Places where such entered House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place shall be situated, shall without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon a Request Note being made and delivered according to the Directions of this Act, by such Maker or Makers, grant and give a Permit in Writing, signed by the said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity of all such Liquor so to be removed, and expressing the Name and Names of the Person or Persons from whom the fame is intended to be removed, and to whom the fame is to be removed, and that the Duty of such Liquor so intended to be removed has been paid, and all Officers of Excise granting or giving any such Permit, shall limit and express in such Permit the time within which the said Liquor in such Permit mentioned shall be removed, from and out of the Stock of the Maker or Makers taking out such Permits, and also the time within which the said Liquor shall be delivered and received into the Brewhouse, House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place, of the Person or Persons respectively, to whom the fame is so permitted to be sent.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no such Permit for the Removal of any such Liquor shall be granted or be valid, unless such Maker or Makers requiring the same shall make and fend, or deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excise hereby authorized to grant such Permit, a Request Note in Writing, specifying the Name of the Person to whom such Liquor is intended to be sent, the Quantity of such Liquor intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which such Permit is rcauired, and also the Number and Contents of the Calks, Vessels or other Packages containing the fame, and whether the fame is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance such Liquor is intended to be sent.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no such Liquor as aforesaid shall be removed or carried from one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening (except the fame is removing 01 carrying by a known common Stage Coach, Waggon or other Stage Carriage which usually travel out of those Hours, or by Water by a Ship, Vessel or Boat usually navigated in the fair Course of Trade out of those Hours) nor shall any such Liquor be sent by any Maker or Makers of any such Liquor, from or out of his, her or their entered House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place, at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening, on pain of forfeiting all such Liquor, (whether the fame be accompanied with a Permit or not) and all Boats, Carts, Carriages, Horses and Cattle made use of in the removing or carrying the same shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customg or Excise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colourings or for darkening the Colour of Beer, shall be brought into any House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Room, Vault or other Place made use of by any Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called Porters without an authentic Permit granted and giveti according to the Directions of this Act; which Permit shall be produced to and left with the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Brewer or Brewers shall then be, on pain of forfeiting all such Liquor so brought in without such Permit, and all such Liquor shall and may be ieized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter shall deposit, (lore or keep any such Liquor as aforesaid, except during the Time when the lame shall be brought forth for Use, in any House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Room, Vault or Other Place, other than One particular House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Room, Vault or other Place whereof such Brewer or Brewers shall have made previous entry in Writing for that Purpose at the next Office of Excise, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, an J also all such Liquor found in any such House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Room, Vault or other P*ace of which no such Entry as last aforesaid shall have been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Brewers of Beer other than Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porters shall make use of or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any J-iquor, Material or Preparation for colouring Beer made from Sugar under the Provisions of this Act, on

15 Pain

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII III. C. 87. 445

Pain of forfeiting all such Liquor, Material or Preparation; nor shall any such Brewer or Brewers make use Pciulty/ of any such Liquor) Material or Preparation as last aforesaid, in or for the darkening of the Colour of any Beer other than Porter; and if any Brewer or Brewers of Beer, other than Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter, shall make use of or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any such Liquor,

Material or Preparation; or if any Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter shall make use of any such Liquor, Material or Preparation as last aforesaid, in or for the darkening of the Colour of any Beer other than Porter, all and every such Brewer or Brewers respectively so offending (nail, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or Officers auth#. any or either of them, from time to time and at all times by Day and by Night upon his or their request (but pied tontcr

if in the Night in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every &c'and the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults and other Places made use of by any Brewer or take an Account Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the name of Porter, and by tailing, guaging or otherwise to of Deer Colour-take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all the Liquors commonly called or known by the Name of "'g-Beer Colouring which shall at any time be in the Custody or Possession of such Brewer or Brewers.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any time or times Increafeof Beer discover or find that the Quantity of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colouring in the Colouring in Stock, Custody or Possession of any Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of ^ort5rfB^ewe*Porter, exceeds the Quantity of such Liquor left in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Brewer or 01 Clte*Brewers on the taking of the last Account of such Stock added to the Quantity of such Liquor (ince received

by Permit, the Quantity of Liquor commonly called or known by the Name of Beer Colourings so found ia Excels, by whatever means the same shall have been made, and whether the same shall be mixed or mingled or umnixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by such Liquor as last aforesaid, for which no Duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Brewer or Brewers without any Permit, and a Quantity equal to the Quantfty lo found in Excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may Penalty, be seized by the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover the fame, from and out of the said Stock or Stocks in which such Quantity of Liquor shall be so found in Excels, and the Brewer or Brewers of Beer commonly called or known by the Name of Porter, in whose Stock such Quantity of Liquor so found ia Excess shaft be difcpvered or found, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Liquor for or in respect whereof a Duty is imposed Colouring depo* by this Act shall be deposited, hid or concealed ju any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Iotent to defraud sited bitent His Majesty of any of the Duties by this Act imposed, or if any Liquor called or known either by the Name to ev u, y* of Colouring or of Beer Colourings or fit or proper to serve as a Substitute for any such Liquor for or in respect of which such Duty is imposed, or fit or proper for the darkening of the Colour of Beer, shall he deposited, hid or concealed with Intent to prevent the Discovery thereof by the Officers of Excise, all such Liquors respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; Penalty, and, the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Liquor respectively so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have cause to suspect that any such Liquor shall be so deposited, hid or concealed any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Limit# of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or before One or more Justict or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty where such Place or Places (hah be, or in case fuel*

Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers

before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Division or Place where

such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be deposited, hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of

them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath

shall be made if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their Search War-

respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Niglii, but if ram.

in the Night, then in the Prefeace of a CoHllable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every r

such Place and Places where he or they shall so suspect such Liquor to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and

to seize and carry away all such Liquor which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise, whether any Liquor which shall be Onus PrdanJi. seized as and far Liquor forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, be Liquor of the Sort for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed, the Proof of such Liquor not being Liquor of the Sort for or of which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever being a Maker of or Dealer in any such NoBefcrColour: Liquor, or who is or shall be in any wise interested or concerned in the Trade or Bufwefs of making or dealing Maker or in such Liquor, or of brewing or dealing in or retailing of beer, shall, duripg such time as he, she or they (ha? ^5"jjf, beib interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of making or dealing in such Liquor, or of brewing or ^7it»ate*in*F dealing in or retailing of Beer, aft as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall in cufIO, of Att. any tnfe concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Act; and if any

Parian J^erfpns shaft* contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, presume to exercise any such .Powers or Authorities, or do any Act hereby authorized to b$ done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Acts so executed pr dune by such Person or Per feus shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Geo. III. 3M XXX. And

446

Beer Colouring, Sugar, Utensils, See. liable to Du-. ties and Penalties.

Obflruflieg

Officeu.

[Penalty.]

Bribing Officers.

[Penalty.]

42 G. 3. C. 38.

Penalties relieved.

Proviso for Actions before June 1, 1811.

Penalties ho* recovered.

Application of Money arising by Licences.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

C. 87. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 181 r.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Liquor for or in respect whereof any Duty is by this Act imposed, and all the Sugar and Utensils.for the making thereof in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of such Liquor, or of any Person or Persons to the Use of or in Trust for any such Maker or Makers, shall be and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for any such Liquor in Arrear and owing by such Maker or Makers for any such Liquor so made by him, her or them, or in his, her or their House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place, and shall also be subject and liable to satisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons using such House, Workhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Room or other Place for any Offence against this Act relating to the said Duties; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such Debts, Duties and Penalties on such Liquor, Sugar, Utensils or any of them, and to use such Proceedings as may be lawfully done in relation to any such Liquor, Sugar or Utensils respectively, in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true and lawful Owners of the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, resist, oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Liquor Calk, Vessel or other Package, or any Boiler, Kettle, Copper or other Vessel aforesaid as forfeited by virtue of this Act, refeue or cause to be refeued any such Liquor Calk, Vessel or other Package aforesaid, or any such Boiler, Kettle, Copper, Vat or other Vessel aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or shall destroy, slave, break or damage any such Calk, Vessel, or other Package, Boiler, Kettle, Copper, Vat or other Vessel, all and every such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excise, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers, either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, or to neglect to ao 'or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever belonging or appertaining to the Business and Duty of such Officer and Officers in the Execution of this Act, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Regulations by this Act enacted, or not to discover the fame, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, whether such Offer or Proposal be accepted or not, forfeit and lole the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXXIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, several Persons may have incurred Penalties and Forfeitures under and by virtue of some or One of the Clauses therein contained for having manufactured, fold or delivered, or caused to be manufactured, fold

or delivered to Brewers or to Persons for the Use of Brewers, Colouring made from Sugar without any

Intention of Fraud, and several Brewers may, without any Intention of Fraud, have also incurred Penalties

and Forfeitures for having received into his, her or their Custody and Possession such Colouring; and it is 1 expedient that Relief should be given in the cases before mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That where any Person by the said recited Clauses of the said Act shall, without any Intention of Fraud, have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture for having so manufactured, fold or delivered to Brewers, or to other Persons for the Use of Brewers, Colouring made from Sugar; and that where any Brewer by virtue of the said recited Clauses of the said Act shall, without any Intention of Fraud, have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture for having received into his, her or their Custody and Possession Colouring made from Sugar, all and every of then* shall be and is hereby indemnified and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures so incurred by them as aforesaid, and of and from all Suits and Prosecutions for or on account thereof; any thing in this Act or the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to or prevent the further Prosecution of any Actions or Suits which may have been commenced before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, against any Person or Persons whatsoever for any of the Offences, Penalties or Forfeitures above mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Means, Ways or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westm'tnsler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeitures shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Licences by this Act required (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, as Part of and together with the Duties on Beer, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be considered to and made Part of the Fund called the Consolidated Fund.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing by him, her or them done, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if

afterwards

A.D. 1811. 5i GEORGII III. C. 87, 88*89.

afterwards a Verdi A shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to be awarded to |um> her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof \ or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise are provided or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby impoied, or any of them, shall be practised, uled and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying, the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting and punishing Frauds relating thereto as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules* Direaions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all-such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Special Commencement is hereby directed or provided from and immediately after the passing of this Act.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

[26th June 1811.]

IRISH Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent tb' bear Interest. f 1. Bills issued not to exceed 41 £ 200, 000. Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, after such time as 4' the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall cease. $2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irish Consolidated " Fund. §4. Said Bills to be chargeable thereon. §5. Bank of Ireland empowered to advance £ 200, 000. 44 on the Credit of this Act. §6.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to increase the Salary of the Lord Liei^tenant of Ireland.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS, in compliance with an Addrefa of the House of Commons of Ireland, the Salary and Appointments attached to the Office of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland were in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three fixed by His Majesty at Twenty thousand Pounds by the Year: And whereas the fame have been found of late Years quite inadequate to the Expences necessarily incident to the Dignity and due Maintenance of that high and important Office: And whereas in consequence of His Majesty's Message to the House of Commons the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland did by their Address humbly request

His Majesty that he would be graciously pleased to direct such Increase to be made to the Salary of the said Office, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds by the Year, as to His Majesty should seem necessary:

And whereas, in compliance with the said Address, His Majesty was pleased to authorize the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being to give the necessary Orders for issuing and paying out of his Treasure or Revenue in the Receipt of his Exchequer in Ireland applicable to the Civil List Establishment there,

the Sum of ten thousand rounds yearly, in Addition to the Salary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas the said Orders were given, and the said Sum hath been hitherto paid accordingly: And whereas under the Provisions of an Act of Parliament passed in Ireland in the Thirty third Year or His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil Lid Establishment under certain Provisiotis and Regulations, certain yearly Sums either ascertained by the said Act, or capable of being ascertained from time to time according to certain Modes thereby established, are directed to be paid to His Majesty and his Successors for the Support of the Civil List Establishment: And wherea3 the Salary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, is one of the Charges payable out of the said Fund, and the said Fund may not be sufficient to pay the lame Increase of the said Salary in Addition to the other Charges payable thereout: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, ever and above the said several Sums so payable yearly under the Provisions of the said recited Act, there be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund ot Ireland such Sum in each and every Year, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Irish Currency, as, together with the said Fund so granted by the said Act, shall be necessary and sufficient to discharge the said additional Salary of Ten thousand Pounds yearly, over and above all and every the Charges and Payments to which the said Fund would from time to time lawfully be subject if this Act had not been passed and the said additional Salary had not been granted or ordered, and that the same shall be payable ana paid by Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland\ or Lords Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time bciogf or any Three of them.

3 M s CAP.

447

Treble Costt.

Power of 12 Car. 2. c. 24. and o»her Act* extended to Act.

Commencement of Alb

33 G.3.(f.)

c. 34.

lOjOod.T. C. yearly to He added to the Sjlary of the LordLieti tenant.

448 9*

51° GEORGII III.

CAP. XC.

A.D. 1811.

Rates of Pay.

Allowances for Contingencies.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of Aford&Orietlioufand eight hundred and twelve, the Charge of the ray and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[atfth June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision {herald be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for One Year, from the*Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-Treasury to issue mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every County, Four Months County of a City or Town in Ireland, whene the Militia is or shall be rarfed, the Lords Commissioners of His Pay in advance. Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall issue and pay out of the Cortfididated Fand of Ireland the whole Slims required, in the manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the Pay of the said Militia at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, Paymaster and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, Paymaster or Surgeon is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Matter where a Quarter Matter is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence per Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Week for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant, where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Matter Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six Pence per Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two Pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid, and also at the Rate of Four Pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia; One Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expencea of each Regiment or Battalion during the time of the Men being from Home upon account of their annual Exercise; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, after the Rate of Three Ponnds and Ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and Two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major and each Drum Major; and at the Rate of Two Pounds for each Corporal, when such Serjeants, Drummers, Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors and Corporals, have not been clothed within Two Years; and, with respect to the Private Militia Meru at the Rate of One Pound Twelve Shillings for each Private Militia Man, when such Private Militia Men have not been clothed within Four Years: Provided always, that where any Serjeant, Corporal or'Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Absence, receive the Rates of Pay following; that is to say, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight Pence and every Drummer the Sum of Six Pence per Day respectively, and no more, and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any such Pay shall be frorp time to time issued by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland\ shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, specifying the Number of Men and the 'Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days; and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland are hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight Pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Day for each Assistant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shillingprr Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of their Attendance at such Place of annual Exercise.

XI. And whereas it is expedient to make some Addition to the Pay of certain Subaltern Officers, and tp*Assistant Surgeons of the Militia Forces of Ireland during Peace, under certain Regulations T3e it therefore further enacted, That from and after the disembodying of the Militia Forces in Ireland, certain annual Allowances, over and above the Pay to which during Peace they are now entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid to such Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the manner herein after expressed; that is to say, to every Subaltern of the said Militia, who shall have at any time previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the patting of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for defraying until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the J'aid Militia during Peace, been appointed to a Commission in the said Militia, or who, previous to the Expiration of Four Months from the passing of this Act shall be appointed to a Commission, and who shall have continued faithfully to serve in the fame Corps, until the disembodying thereof, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum shall be allowed and paid over and above the Pay to which they may be by Law entitled during Peace, and over^and above any Deduction of auy Kiud, or for any Purpose whatsoever; and to every Assistant Surgeon a like Allowance of Twenty five Pounds per Annum, in the manner herein after mentioned.

Clothing.

Rates of Pay when on Fur. lough.

Colonel to certify to Treasury Days of Exercise, &c.

Treasury to pay Sums herein

Annual AUo'.v* mice to Subaltern Oilicers after diiembt/dy-iii£ of Jvlilitia. 50 G. 3. c. S<;

A.D. 1811, 51° GEORGII IU, Ggoi

XII. Provided alnrSTSf and be it furtherq*£led> That no Person who u or shall any time hereafter become possessed of such an Estate or Income, as would by Law entitle him to hold a Captain's Commission in the Militia of a C°POty it large in Ireland, or wl>o is pr shall be at any time hereafter appointed Adjutant or Paymasterin any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, nor any Person deriving in any way whatsoever^ otherwise than as a Subaltern or Assistant Surgeon of the said Militia, any Income, Stipend or Allowance whatsoever from the Public, nor any 0cer on the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, who shall also hold a Subaltern's Commission in the said Militia, shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said annual Allowance or any Part or Shpre thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise DOtwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further cqa&ed, That every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any such annual Allowance, shall, prer viousrto receivkig the fame, and ia order to entitle himself thereto, annually take and subscribe ?in Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland, to which the Regiment or Battalion in which he serves shall belong, in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet,

I A.B. do.swear. That 1 am (erving as a Subaltern Officer [or Assistant Surgeon, as the case may he"] in the Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland; and that I am not in my own

' Right, or in Right of my Wife, nor have been, since disembodying of the said Regiment or Battalion, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or HerediT 4 taments, of such an annual Value above Reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a Captain's Commission iq*the Militia of a County at large in Ireland; and that I am not, nor have been since the disembodying of the said Regimest or Battalion, an Adjutant or Paymaster in any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have held or enjoyed, nor does nor has any Person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed since the diferobodying the said Regiment or Battalion, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public; and that I am not entitled either to the Full or Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, nor have been since the disembodying of the ffiid Regiment or Battalion.

'So help me GOD«*

T^hich Oath so taken and subscribed, shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and transmit the same to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the County, County of a City or County of a Town shall be situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion of Mffitiain which such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall be then serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preserved for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon of the said Militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the whole of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and shall, during that time, punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern Officer pr Affi^t Surgeon of such Regiment or Battalion, on Pain of forfeiting the said annual Allowance, as well as the Red of his Ray* and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said Commanding Officer to the Collector of Excise of the District in which the County, County of a City, or County of a Town is situate, to which such Regiment or Battalion in which fpcli Subaltern office.rpr Assistant Surgeon is then serving shall belong, to be by the said Collector received previous tp any such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon being entitled to demand or receive the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof; and in case any such Subaltern Officer, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming be ^titled to fqch annual Allowance, shall be py Ivis Commanding Officer permitted or suffered for any specialCause of unayoidabje Necessity, to be absent during the whole or any Part of such annual pxer-eife, (in which case it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence; and for i'uc.h Subaltern Officer, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to , be absent, to demand and receive the said annual Allowance, and, every Part thereof, fn like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the annual Exercise), the Reufona for such Abfqnce, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and t^rply specified in the Certificates before mentioned, signed by the Commanding Officer, to be by him transmitted as fpop; as conveniently may be to the Collector of Excise for the District in which such County, County of a City, or County of a /JT°wn* to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, is situate, and to the Chief SecreUry of the Lprtj Lieutenant or other Clues Governor or Governors of Ireland for t^e Time being.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That jn case any Regiment or Battalion of the said

i^Iilitia, after the disembodying thereof, at any time shall not be called out far the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment or Battalion, a, nd coming within the Descripqous of this Act, who shall have taken the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said anuual Allowance, as if such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeqn had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment or Battalion during the whoje of the Twenty eight Days by Law required for that Purpose, and US if a Certificate of such Ajtendapce, signed by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, had befiu to the Cpjlqdqr of Efrcifc for the ^District in which such County, County of a City, or

#2 < County

448

Exceptions.

Subaltemsclairn-itig Allowances to take the following Oath t

Oath.

Justices to transmit Oaths to Collectors of Excise.

Subalterns to attend annual Exercise.

[Penalty.]

Certificates of Attendance transmitted by Commanding Officer to Collect! or of Excise.

Rcnfon far Lc*ve of Absence to be inserted in Certificate.

If Militia not called out tp annual Exercise, Subalterns ltill entitled to Allowance.

Allowances paid without Deductions.

Suhaltemi not attending when called upon.

[Penalty.]

Allowance ^aid by Collectors on Production of Certificates;

but not paid while Militia embodied.

Allowances li-m ted to a certain Number.

Continuance.

On Application to Exchequer, I.andidti'char^ed of Arrears of Quit and other Rents aue to His Majesty incurred previous Sept. 29, l8zo.

C. 90, 91. 5'i' GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

County of a Town, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong is situate, according to the Directions of this Act; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That upon such Certificate as aforesaid of such Justice of the Peace and Commanding Officer as aforesaid, or where any Regiment or Battaiiop shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon Certificate of any such Justice of the Peace only being produced to or received by the respective Collectors, it shall and may be lawful for such Collectors and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons the annual Allowance above mentioned, in addition to their Pay, without any Deduction whatsoever, out of any publick Monies in their Hands 5 all which Monies so paid by such Collectors shall be allowed them in their Accounts; the Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied or called out upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall a Second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform his Duty at the annual Exercise as before directed, each and every such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall forfeit his and their Claim to the said annual Allowance, and every Part thereof, in all times to come and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his and their Commission and Commissions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances shall be paid to the Persont respectively entitled thereto, by the Collectors, upon the Production of the before mentioned several Certificates as soon after the times of the annual Exercise and Training as may be convenient or practicable: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any Subaltern Officer entitled to the Benefit of this Act, from receiving the Pay allowed by Law for his Attendance at such annual Exercise as before mentioned, over and above the said annual Allowance: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to entitle any Subaltern Officer as aforesaid to the said annual Allowance, or any Part thereof, during the time the Regiment or Battalion to which be belongs shall be embodied or called out on actual Service: Provided also, that this Act and the Benefits and Allowances therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Assistant Surgeon of each and every Regiment or Battalion respectively, and also to the respective Numbers of Subaltern Officers in each and every Regiment and Battalion herein after respectively specified and no more; that is to say, not exceeding Twenty Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confiding of Ten Companies; not exceeding Eighteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment, confiding of only Nine Companies; not exceeding Sixteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment confiding of only Eight Companies; not exceeding Fourteen Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion confiding of only Seven Companies 5 and not exceeding Twelve Subaltern Officers in any Regiment or Battalion confiding of only Six Companies.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and no longer.

[This Act, except the Clauses above inserted\ is similar to 50 G. 3. c. 89.]

CAP. XCI.

An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Composition Rents, which have been

growing due in Ireland.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS several Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Herditaments in Ireland, chargeable with Quit Rents, Crown Rents, Composition Rents or other Chief Rents, payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, have been for many Years past returned by the Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland to whom such Rents have been given in charge as not to be found, and such Rents have been constantly returned in Airear, by means whereof such Arrears do now amount to considerable Sums of Money, and will be great Incumbrances on such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory and Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, in case the fame should hereafter be discovered: And whereas it is apprehended that giving an Encouragement to the present Holders of such Lands, ReClory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, to discover the fame, so as that the growing Rents payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may hereafter be punctually paid, will increase His Majesty's Revenue; Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, at any time before the Twenty fifth Day of March which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to prefer his, her or their Petition or Petitions, to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, thereby setting forth, that all or some of the Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments in Ireland, whereof he, she or they is or are seized, is or are subject or liable to some certain Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Composition or other Chief Rent, payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which hath not been paid for the Space of Twenty Years next immediately preceding the Twenty ninth Day

A.D. 18t i.

i° GEORGII III. C. 91. 451

of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, particularly describing in such Petition the Lands liable to the Payment thereof, as well by their present as former Names and Denominations, and thereby submitting to pay all such annual Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Composition Rent or other Chief Rent, which frail become due from and after such time as the said Court of Exchequer shall think fit to order, and praying to have such Lands, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, discharged of and from all Arrears of such Rent incurred, due* to and for such time as the said Court shall think fit, which Petition shall be engrossed on Parchment and signed by the Party or Parties rring the fame, (except in case of a Minor or Lunatic, and in such case by the Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees of such Minor or Lunatic) and shall be filed on Record in the Second Remembrancer's Office, and that thereupon an Order shall be made by the said Court, that the Auditor General or his Deputy or Deputies shall search into the Rent Rolls, Books and Records in his Office, and shall certify to the said Court, by a certain Day to be appointed by the Court whether any such Rent or Rents as is or are mentioned in such Petition or Petitions hath or have been accounted for to His Majesty or his P re dec e (Tors, within the Space of Twenty Years next preceding the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, a Copy of which Order shall be served on the said Auditor General or his Deputy, and on the Solicitor of His Majesty's Rents, Ten Days at the lead before the Day appointed for his making such Certificate; and the said Auditor General or his Deputy is hereby required to make such Searches, and to certify to the said Court of Exchequer, whether it appears to him that such Rents have been paid or accounted for to His Majesty or his Predecessors, within the Space of Twenty Years next before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, and whether it appears to him that any and what Proceedings have been had by or on behalf of His Majesty, for Recovery of such Rent within the said Period; for which Search the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence and no more; and for which Certificate the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence and no more; and for Entry of Discharge of such Arrears out of the Rent Roll, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four Pence, and no more, shall be paid to the said Auditor General; and if upon Return of such Certificate, and upon examining into the Truth of the Allegations of such Petition by the said Court of Exchequer, in a summary way, it shall appear to the said Court, that no Quit Rent,

Crown Rent, Composition Rent or other Chief Rent payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, hath been paid for and out of such Lands, Redorv, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, or hath been accounted for by the Collectors of His Majesty*8 Revenue for the District wherein such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments-lie, within the Term of Twenty Years next before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, and that no Proceedings have been had by or on behalf of His Majesty, for Recovery of such Rent within the said Twenty Years, then and in such case the said Court of Exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an Order, that the said Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes,

Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments mentioned in such Petition, and the Persons who from time to time respectively held and enjoyed the fame, shall be absolutely freed and discharged of and from all inch Rents and Arrears due or in Arrear at any time before the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ten; and shall order the said Auditor General to give in charge to the Collector of the District AuditorGenenr where such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements or Hereditament? to give in Charge lie, such growing Rents as the said Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tene- jo Collector ments or Hereditaments, shall appear to be chargeable with, which shall become due from and after the said Twenty ninth Dav of September One thousand eight hundred and ten, to the Intent that the fame be duly jgia*

collected for the future, and that such Order ffmll be an effectual Discharge against His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as to such Arrears; and if it shall appear to the said Court of Exchequer in manner aforesaid, Wher» Ptaceot that no Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Composition Rent or other Chief Rent payable to His Majesty, his Heirs »ngs had within and Successors, hath been paid for out of such Lunds, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, l°Mea", # Fairs, Tenements and Hereditaments, or hath been accounted for to the Collector of His Majesty's Revenue, uf Arrears in-for the District wherein such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements and curred previous* Hereditaments lie, within the Term of Twenty Years next before the Twenty ninth Day of September One toSept.19* thousand eight hundred and ten, but that Proceedings have been had by or on behalf of His Majesty for8x0.

Recovery of such Rent within the said Twenty Years, and before the time when any such Petition shall be preferred as aforesaid; then and in such case the said Court of Exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an Order on such Petition, that the said Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes,

Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments mentioned in such Petition, and the Persons who from time to time respectively held and enjoyed the fame, shall be absolutely freed and discharged of and from all such Rents and Arrears due and in Arrear at any time before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four; and shall order the said Auditor General to give in charge to the Collector or Collectors of the District where such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments do lie, such growing Rents as the said Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes,

Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall appear to be charged or chargeable with, which shall become due from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, to the Intent that the fame may be duly collected for the future, and that such Order shall bean effectual Discharge against His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as to such Arrears.

4 H. And whereas it may tend to the Discovery of such Lands, Rectory, Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands*

Tithes, fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments as have been returned by the said Collectors as not to be found as aforesaid, if Persons who shall discover the fame, so as to enable His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

4 to recover the Rents payable thereout, and Arrears thereof, shall be entitled to a Reward for so-doing; 4 Wherefore be it enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall effectually discover any Lands, Rectory, Persons not fulfe*

Abbey, je* to such

452 C. 9i>92>93* 5i* GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Rents, making Discovery of Rents in Arrear.

Reward.

Abbey, Priory, Monastery Lands, Tithes, Fairs, Tenements or Hereditaments, so in arrear of the Quit Rent, Crown Rent, Composition Rent or other Chief Rent payable thereout to His Majesty as aforesaid, and which has been returned by the said Collegers as not to be found as aforesaid, other than the Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of such Rent, so a* that stich Rent or Rents in arrear be recovered, such Person or Persons making such Discovery shall be entitled to One Moiety of such Arrear as shall be recovered; provided that such Moiety shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CAP. XCII.

33 O. 3- (I)c. 32. §17.

38 G. 3. (I)c* 85* §37*

Penalty of 51. repealed.

Additional Tolls.

[Proviso.]

An Act to repeal certain Parts of several Act of the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the Tojls on Stage Coaches, carrying above a certain Number of Passengers, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[26th June 181 i.j

WHEREAS by Two several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, the One in the Thirty third

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and reduce into One A3 the several Laws for making, repairing or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas to the Towns of

Maryborough and Balyroan, from the said Town of Maryborough to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh to O'Brien's Bridge 5 and the other, made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and reduce into One A3 the several Laws for making, improving

ana repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge in the County of Kildare,

and to the Twenty one Mile Stone Weslward of the said Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Ad9for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Improvement of the Road from Kilworth c Mountain to the City of Cork 5 it is enacted, that during the Continuance of the said Acts respectively it

shall be lawful for the Persons mentioned in the said Acts respectively to demand and take for every Stage

Coach or other Carriage plying for Hire, or conveying Persons for Hire, which shall convey at any one

time upon any Part of the Roads in the said Acts respectively mentioned, more than Six Persons withinfide,

or more than Three Persons besides the Driver and Guard upon the Outside of any such Coach or other

Carriage, a Toll or Penalty of Five Shillings for every Horse or other Bead drawing the fame, in addition

to the Tolls by the said respective Acts directed to be paid: And whereas it is expedient that the said Tolls ' or Penalties should be repealed, and a more moderate Toll allowed to betaken instead thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act the said respective Tolls or Penalties of Five Shillings, for every Horse or other Bead of Burthen drawing such Carriage as aforesaid, under the said Provisions of the said recided Acts, shall be, and the same are hereby respectively repealed, and shall cease and determine and be no longer payable.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, it shall be lawful for the several Persons in the said recited Acts severally and respectively mentioned, or their Assigns, to demand and take by such Person or Persons as they shall authorize thereto at each and every Paygate in the said Acts respectively mentioned, for every Stage Coach or other Carriage plying for Hire or conveying Persons for Hire, upon any Part of the Roads in the said Acts respectively mentioned, the Sum of Four Pence for every Horse or other Bead drawing such Coach or other Carriage, in addition to the Tolls by the said Acts directed to be paid, every time such Coach or other Carriage shall pass through any of the said Gates: Provided always, that such Additional Toll shall not be deemed to extend to Waggons or other Carriages with broad Wheels in the said recited Acts or either of them mentioned and specified.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for granting additional Duties of Customs on Fir Timber, of certain Dimensions, of the Growth of Norway imported into Great Britain.

[26th June 18 n.jj

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Customs should be imposed upon Fir Timber of«W certain Dimensions of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain ? Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Duties. the fame. That, from and after the First Day of Augifl One thousand eight hundred and eleven, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional Permanent and Ten^porary or War Duties of Customs on Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, Drawback*. as the same are respectively inserted, described and let forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A. and that there shall be paid or allowed on the Exportation of such Fir Timber, the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Table marked A.

Duties bonded

IL. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby in>posed may be secured by Bond under under 43 G. 3. the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An c* A3 for permuting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty

War Duties how

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said additional Duties of Customs hereby inrtposed, long payable. as fall under the Title or Description of Temporary or War Duties shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 93.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs shall be charged

find payable on any Timber enumerated or described in the said Table hereunto annexed, marked A. which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place where the lame shall have been lodged or fectired, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, notwithstanding such Timber may have been imported into Great Britain before the said Fit ft Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven..i

V. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs hereby imposed and allowed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the like manner, and by the fame Means, Ways and Methods as any Duties of Customs of a like nature arc managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to, or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain; and all Painr, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect, as to the said Duties and Drawback?, as fully, and effectually to all Intent6 and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from time to time from such of the said Duties hereby imposed, as fall under the Description of Permanent Duties, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties called the Permanent Duties, imposed by an Act paflea in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are respectively directed to be appropriated and applied.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Temporary or War Duties granted by this Act should be applied towards defraying any Services voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament affem-

bled Be it therefore enacted, That the additional Temporary or War Duties granted by this Act shall be appropriated and applied from time to time to such Services as shall be voted by trie Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Drawback allowed by an Act passed in the present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for altering the Time at which the additional Duties of Customs imposed an 4 A3 of the last Session of Parliament on certain Species of Wood were to have taken place; and for granting a 4 Drawback upon Deals and Timber used iti the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and

Devon, on Fir Timber used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper in the Counties of

Devon or Cornwall, should be increased in Proportion to the additional Duties of Customs imposed by this Act on Fir Timber Be it therefore enacted, That in Addition to the Drawback allowed by the said re-tiled Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, of Part of the Duties of Customs paid on the Importation of Fir Timber of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, used and employed in the Tin, Lead or Copper Mines, in the Counties of Devon or CotrnwalU there shall also be paid and allowed a Drawback of the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act on the Importation into Great Britain of any such Timber, which shall have been so used and employed as aforesaid, and on which the Duties granted by this Act shall have been paid: Provided always, that the additional Drawback so granted and allowed as aforesaid, shall be paid and allowed on the fame Conditions, and shall be subject in every respect to the same Rules, Regulations and Rest rift ions, Securities and Penalties, as the Drawback on Fir Timber granted by the said recited Act passed in the prefetit Session of Parliament is paid and allowed.

TABLE to which this Act refers. Table A.

A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on FIR TIMBER, of the Growth of Norway, imported into Great Britain. Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. or War Duty.

FIR TIMBER, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, imported in a Britishi-built Ship, the Load containing Fifty £ s. d. £ t.d. i j.

Cubic Feet - Not imported in a Britishi-built Ship, the Load containing Fifty 12 6 — '5 — — 3

Cubic Feet (See the Act to which this Table is annexed.) I 4 — — 15 — — 14 4

51 Geo. III. 3N CAP.

453

Duties payable on Timber taken out of Warehouse.

How Duties and Drawbacks levied and paid

Application of

Permanent

Duties.

49 0-3-C-9*

Application of War Duties.

51 G. 3. c. 43.

§3.

Drawback

allowed on Fif Timber used in Mine* of Devon and Cornwall.

Provifl*

454 C. 94.95'

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181f.

39 &40G.3. c. 86.

50 G. 3. c. 116.

continued for Two Years.

19 G. 3.C. 56.

5 ix.

In what case Commissioners of Excise or Justices to grant Warrants to CollectoK to pay Complainant Sums proved to have been over paid.

49 G. 3. c. 8c.

JO G. I. C. 10.

Certain Powers of 10 G. 1. c. 10, not repealed by 49 G. 3. c. 80.

[Proviso.]

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and rhirteen>

an Act: of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to extend and amend the Term and Pro* vijlons of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majestyyfor the better Preservettion of Timber in the New Forest; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said For ft, and the Lands of the Crown within the same.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for the better Preserva/ion of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest and of the Lands of the Crown within the same: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to extend and amend the Term and Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the famey will expire on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven j and it is expedient to continue the fame for a further Period; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Powers and Provisions of the said last recited Act shall continue and be in force for Two Years, to be computed from the said Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to explain and amend certain Laws of Excise respecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction; the allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions; and to the Water Mark of the Year on Paper intended for Exportation.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for altering, amending and enforcing so much of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the collectiirg the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, it is enacted, That if any Sale by Auction of any Estate, Goods or

Chattels, shall be rendered void by reason that the Person for whole Benefit the fame was fold had no Title to the fame, or no Right to dispose thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Auctioneer who paid the Duty for the thing so fold, or for the Person for whose Benefit the fame was so fold, to lay his, her or their Complaint before the Commissioners of Excise or Justices of the Peace within whose Jurisdiction respectively such Sale was made 5 and the said Commissioners of Excise or Justices of the Peace respectively, upon such Complaint to them made, shall and are required to hear and determine all such Complaints, and upon due Proof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of his, her or their respective Payments as shall be made out before them to have been over paid: And whereas for the more effectual Relief of the Party so complaining, it is expedient to make the Provision herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual jtnd Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Commissioners or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom any such Complaint shall have been so laid, and by whom the same shall have been so determined, and such Relief given or granted, shall and they the said Commissioners and Justices of the Peace respectively are hereby authorized and required to grant their Warrant, directed to the proper Collector of Excise, authorizing and requiring him to allow and pay to the Party so complaining and relieved, out of the Duties on Sales at Auction which shall next come to the Hands of such Collector, the full Amount of such Payment as shall be so made out before them, the said Commissioners or Justices respectively, to have been overpaid.

1 II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions, the Powers and Authorities given or granted to the Commissioners for the Inland Duties upon Coffee for the tirpe being, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, to provide Houses for the Roasting of Coffee, and to appoint Officers for attending the fame, and Persons well (killed in the roasting of Coffee to attend at each such Roasting House for that Purpose, are not repealedNow, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it declared and enacted, That none of the said recited Powers and Authorities, or any other Powers or Authorities given or

franted to the said Commissioners by the said Act made in the said Tenth Year of the Reign of His laid late Majesty King George the First, relating to Houses for the roasting of Coffee, or to the Money payable for the roasting of Coffee at any such Houses, are by the said Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hia said present Majesty repealed: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provisions of the said Act relating to Sellers of or Dealers in Coffee being at Liberty to roast his, her or their own Coffee under, subject And according to the Rules and Regulations in the said Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty in that behalf mentioned, or to forfeit any Coffee roasted, burnt or dried under or according to the said Rules and Regulations of the said Act, in any Place, other than in some one of the Houses provided as in the said Act

14 of

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 95, 96. 455

of the Tenth Year of His said late Majesty King George the First is mentioned; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

«.III. And whereas by Two Clauses in an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present 34 G. 3. c. 20.

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it is, among other things, provided, that nothing in that Ad contained should extend or be deemed or construed to extend to entitle any §31.

Person or Persons whatever to any such Drawback, as is in the said Act in that behalf mentioned, for or

in respect of any such printed Books; or for or in respect of any such ruled Account Books as are therein in r

that behalf respectively mentioned, unless the Paper thereof respectively should have villble in the Substance thereof a Mark commonly called A Water Mark, of the Date of the th.en present Year of our Lord in the following Figure, 1794, or in like manner of some subsequent Year of our Lord: And whereas by another

Clause in the said Act it was enacted, that if any Printer, Bookseller or other Person should in any Package $1

4 or Parcel of Books intended for Exportation on Drawback put or pack up any Book or Books, the Paper

whereof should not have visible in the Substance thereof such Water Mark as aforesaid, then and in such case all and every such Package or Parcel, and all the Books of every Kind therein contained, should be forfeited, and the fame should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise:

And whereas by another Clause in the said Act it is also provided, that nothing in that Ad contained should §4,

extend or be deemed or construed to extend to entitle any Person or Persons whatever to any such Drawback

4 or Allowance as is in the said Act in that behalf mentioned, for or in respect of any such Paper used in the printing any such Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter Catechism as therein mentioned, unless the said Paper should have visible in the Substance thereof a Mark commonly called^ Water Mark, of the Date of the then present Year of our Lord, in the following Figures, 1794, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Clauses of the said Act : Be it therefore enacted, That the said recked Clauses shall be and the same are hereby repealed. repealed.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to extend the Powers vetted in the Commissioners of the Customs of restoring Vessels and Goods seized, to Seizures made by virtue of any Acts relating to the Department of the Customs.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 27 0.3.0.32. intituled, An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom;

and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs; the Commissioners of the Customs in § if,

England and Scotland respectively are authorized to direct, under the Circumstances and on the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses,

Cattle or Carriages which shall have been seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs, to be restored'to the Proprietor or Proprietors: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Powers and Authorities so vested in the said Commissioners extend to authorize the Delivery of Goods and Commodities, Ship9, Vessels, Boats, HorTes, Cattle or Carriages that may have been seized as forfeited by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or other Person or Persons being duly authorized to make such Seizures by virtue and in pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parliament:

And whereas it is expedient, in order to obviate such Doubts, and to prevent the Delay, Inconvenience and Expence that would be occasioned by the Detention of Vessels or Goods seized under Circumstances wherein it would be Just and reasonable that Relief should be afforded, that the Powers and Authorities so vested in the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively should extend and be construed to extend to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs in England ana Scotland, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to order any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships, Vessela, Boats, Horses,

Cattle or Carriages, which shall have been seized as forfeited by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or by any other Person or Persons who by virtue and under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Protection of Trade, the Benefit of Commerce, or for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any respect relating to the Department of the Customs, to be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors on the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Certain Powers all the Powers and Authorities vested in the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively vested in Com-by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by virtue of miners of which the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, or the to*"

Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, are authorized to extend to Sei-direct any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages seized zure« under any as forfeited by virtue and in pursuance of any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs, to be restored other Act. to the Proprietor or Proprietors, on the Proof and on the Terms and Conditions in the said Act mentioned,

3 N 2 shall

45 6

[Proviso.]

Secures rc-ttorcd to Pr»v pri^rors on such Conditions as Commissioners shall direct, &c.

[Proviso.]

49 G. 3-C. 4?'

Repealed.

Direction for Shipping certain Produce South of Cape Finesterre for Exportation direct to certain Ports of British Colonies in North America.

C. 96, 97. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 181r.

shall extend and be conllrued to extend to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to order any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages that shall have been or shall be seized as forfeited either by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any A<£1 or Acts of Parliament made for the Protection of Trade, the Benefit of Commerce, or the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or by virtue and in pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parliament in any respect relating to the Department of the Customs, to be restored to the Proprietor or Proprietors, whether such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages shall have been seized as forfeited in Great Britain or on the High Seas, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, Colonies, Settlements or Plantations, in case Evidence shall be given to the Satisfactiori of the said Commissioners, according to their respective Jurisdictions, that the Forfeiture arose without any Defijxn of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods cm* Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages; and also, in case the Seizure shall have been made by any such Officer or Officers; or other Person or Persons as aforesaid in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Settlements or Plantations, or on the High Seas, and it shall he made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, that such Seizure was occasioned by the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages having acted in conformity with any Orders or Directions which the Governor or Chief Officer of any such Colony, Settlement or Plantation shall have deemed it expedient on any particular Emergency to issue.

II. And be it further enacted, That in any case wherein the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall exercise the Powers hereby vested in them, such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages shall be rellored to the Proprietor or Proprietors in such mannet and on such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumllauccs of the case shall appear to the said Commissioners in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct; and if the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Commissioners in England and Sro//tfw/respectively, it shall not be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Customs, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid who shall have seized such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages, or any other Person or Persons whatever on his or their behalf, to proceed in any manner for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners respectively, such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorized to proceed for the Condemnation of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages, as if this Law had not been made: Provided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have or be entitled to any Recompence or Damage on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle or Carriages, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the fame \ any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVIT.

An Act to regulate the Trade between Places in Europe South of Cape Finiflerrc, and certain Ports

in the Briltjh Colonies in North America.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe, to he laden andflipped on board Ships arriving with British North American Produce, and F'tfh taken by Settlers in the British North American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the prin-

cipal Ports in the British Colonies and Plantations in North America, should be repealed, and other Provisiona should be made for the Encouragement of the said Trade May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Fruit, Wine, Oil, Salt or Cork, the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Fintjlerre, may be shipped and laden in any Port or Place of Europe South of Cape Finisterre, for Exportation, direct to any of the several Pbrts herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Port of Saint Johns in the Province of New Brunswickt Saint John's in the Island of Newfoundland, Quebec in the Province of Canada, Sydney in the Island of Cape Breton, Halifax and Shelburn in the Province of Nova Scoiia9 and Charlotte Town in Prince Edward's Island, all in North America^ onboard of any British Ship or Vessel owned, navigated and registered according ta Law, which shall have arrived at any Port or Place in Europe South of Cape Finisterre9 with Articles of the Growth or Produce of the said Colonies, or with Fish. taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fisheries from any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from any Part of the United Kingdom, or with any of the Goods of Commodities herein after mentioned from the Province of Canada, whether, such Goods and Merchandize shall be the Growth or Produce of the Province of Canada, or shall have beeu brought into the said Province by Land or Inland Navigation.*

A.D. 1811. gi° GEORGII III. C. 97, 98.

III. And be it further ftiafted, That the Articles aforesaid, the Produce ef any Part of Europe South of Cape Finificrre* shall, before the Importation thereof into any of the several Ports before enumerated, be sub-je£t and liable to the Payment of such Duties as Goods of the like Denomination or Description are subject and liable to, upon being imported into any of the said several Ports from Great Britain, and no othfcr or higher Duties; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Merchant or other Person exporting any Cargo from any Port in the Provinces of Nova Scotia or of New Brunswick, for any Port of Europe South of Cape Finisterref under this Act, shall make Oath at the Port of Shipment in those Provinces before the Chief Officer of the Customs at such Port, or before the Naval Officer in Command at such Port, which Oath such Officer of the Customs or Naval Officer is hereby authorized to administer, that the Cargo so shipped is the Growth and Produce of the said Provinces, or the Produce of the British Fisheries in North America, really and bona fide taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fisheries from some of the said Colonies or Plantations, and such Officer of the Customs or Naval Officer at such Port of Shipment shall certify such Oath under his Hand, which Certificate shall be produced by the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on board of winch any such Cargo is shipped, on his Arrival at the Port in Europe within the Limits aforesaid to which such Cargo shall be consigned, or to which such Ship or Vessel shall go for the Delivery of the Cargo; and the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall make Oath before the British Consul there resident, or if there shall be no British Consul there resident, then before Two known British Merchants there resident, (which Oath he or they are hereby authorized and required to administer) that the Certificate so produced was the Certificate of the Officer of the Customs or Naval Officer whose Name it bears, and was duly signed by him.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to export from Canada, in a British-built Ship, owned, navigated and registered according to Law into any Port of Enrobe within the Limits aforesaid, the several Articles herein after mentioned, without any Oath being required of their being the Growth or Produce of the said Province, or any Certificate being required of the Country from whence they came; that is to say. Wheat, Flour, Pease, Beans, Oats. Barley, Indian Corn, Rye, White Oak Staves and Heading drafted or undressed, Hoops, Pine Plank and Boards; and the Master or other Person having Charge of any such British-built Ship or Vessel laden with any of the said Articles, and exporting the fame from Canada to any Port of Europe within the Limits aforesaid, shall only be required to produce a Certificate from the Chief Officer of the Customs, or the Naval Officer in Command at Quebec, that the said Articles were either the Growth of or brought into Canada conformably to the Regulations eilabliffied by Law in the said Province (if any I by Land or Inland Navigation, from Countries bordering thereon; and which Certificate such Officer of the Customs or Naval Officer is hereby authorized and required to grant upon satisfactory Proof being made upon Oath or otherwise (which Oath he is authorized to administer) and the Authenticity of such Certificate shall be sworn to in manner aforesaid, by the Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel at the Port of Delivery in Europe, within the aforesaid Limits.

VI. And be it further enacted, That before the Shipment on board any such British-built Ship or Vessel, of any Pickled Fiffi, or Dry Fiffi, for the Puroofeof Exportation from Canada, to any Port of Europe within the Limits aforesaid, the Person in whose Possession the fame has continued from the time of its being landed from the Fiffiing Vessel employed in the taking it, until the same shall be shipped for Exportation, shall make Oath before the Chief Officer of the Customs, or the Naval Officer in Command at Quebec (who shall be authorized to administer such Oath), that the fame was the Produce of the British American Fisheries; really and bona fide taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fisheries from some of the said Colonies or Plantations, and on such Oath being taken at Quebec, the said Officer of the Customs or Naval Officer shall grant Certificate thereof signed with his Hand, which Certificate only the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall be required to produce at the Port of Delivery in Europe within the Limits aforesaid, and shall make Oath of the Authenticity of such Certificate in manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, or by the Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War 5 and the same shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered and divided in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations in all respects, as far as the same are applicable, as any other Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts made for the Security of the Revenue, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or for the Regulation of Trade or Navigation, and which were in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered and divided, in any British Colony or Plantation in America.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to give Securities and to register Memorials thereof, under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, until Two Months after die Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. T26th June 181 i.J

WHEREAS divers Persons who, by reason of their Appointments to or holding of certain Offices or

Employments, or Commissions Civil or Military, in any Publick Department, or of Publick Trust,

or who, by reason of being concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Disbursement or Expenditure of any

ii 1 Publick

457

Duties.

Exporter o$ Cargo fromNdp Scotia, fee. to any Poit South of Cape FinU» terre to make O; th to ceuaMi Particulars, &c*

Exportation of Whest, See. from Canada into any Port of Europe within I.imils aforesaid, fee. Certificate of Growth produced by Master.

Before Shipment of Firti for Exportation from Canada Oath that they are the Produce t f the British American Filler ies.

Forfeitures how recovered and applied.

45^ C. 98* 99*

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181 i.

nifieJ,

Publick Money, or otherwise, are or may be required or bound, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the 50 G. 3. c. 85. 4 Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices in respect of which Security ought to be given; and for avoiding the Grant of all such Office^ in the Event of such Security not being given within a time to be limited after the Grant of such Office, to give any such Security, or to regider any such Memorial as is mentioned in that Ad, or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety,

4 or, upon the Death of any such Surety, to give Security of another Surety, and to register a Memorial of the Security of such new Surety according to the Directions of that Ad, have, through Ignorance of the

Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted or may omit to give such Securities and to cause such Memorials thereof to be duly regidered, or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety as aforesaid,

within such time and in such manner as in and by the said Act is required, whereby they have incurred,

4 or may be in Danger of incurring divers Penalties and Disabilities For preventing any Inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present In whnt case Parliament afieinbled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons who at or Persons required before the passing of this Act hath or have omitted, or shall have omitted, or shall after the passing of this to TvTsecur? Ad omit to give such Security, and to cause such Memorial thereof to be duly regidered, in such manner, U°e$gwho have" 39 anc* by the said recited Act is required, or to give Notice of the Death of any such Surety as aforesaid,

omitted to do so, and who after being appointed to and accepting any such Office, Place or Employment, or undertaking any ortoregirter thing, on account of which such Security ought to have been or ought to be given, and such Memorial Memorial* thereof regidered at any time before the passing of this Act, hath or have given such Security, and regidered t ereo, indem- fllch Memorial, or given such Notice, or who at any time before the Expiration of Two Months from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, mail give such Security, and regider such Memorial, or give such Notice as aforesaid, in such cases, in such manner, and at or in such Place or Places as are appointed in and by the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission of giving any such Security, or regidering any such Memorial, or giving any such Notice according to the above mentioned Act; and such Person and Persons is and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and redored to the same State and Condition as he, she or they were in before such Neglect or

Omission; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and shall be of the fame Force and Validity, as the fame or any of them would have been, if such Person or Persons respectively had given such Security, and regidered such Memorial, or given such Notice according to the Directions of the said Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Securities and Memorials shall and may be given and regidered to and by the fame Officers and Persons in the same manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, within the extended Period allowed by this Act, for the giving or registering

and re jittered by thereof respectively, as if such Securities had been given and such Memorials regidered within the respective

t e proper er- perj0(j8 limited for those Purposes in the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or redored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the registering of certain Property purchased or sold under the Land Tax Redemption Act, in Right of which Persons may claim to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

[26th June 1811.]

Such Securities and Memorial* to he given to

proper i Cons.

[General Issue.]

4) G. 3. c.xi6.

154.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts faffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One A3, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts

re/peding the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in ref fed of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been.

redeemed or purchased', rurchaiers of Laud Tax charged upon Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, are by virtue of that Ad adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seizin and Possession of yearly Rents or Sums, as Fee Rarm Kents, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so purchased by them, to be issuing and payable out of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements anck Hereditaments whereon the Land Tax so purchased was charged: And whereas no Person is allowed by Law to vote for eleding any Member of Parliament, in respect of any Annuity, Fee Farm Rent or Rent Charge, without the fame being fird duly regidered in manner directed by Law: And whereas Doubts have arilen whether any Person can vote at an Election for a Member of Parliament in respect of any Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, without the fame or some Memorial of the Contract or Certificate for such Purchase being fird regidered, in the same manner as other Fee Farm Rents, Rent Charges and Annuities, or Memorials of the Grant thereof, are required to be regidered as aforesaid; ' Now, for removing such Doubts, be it enacted and declared by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

A.D. 181j. 51° GEORGII III. C. 99, 100.

Authority of the same, That in order to entitle any Person to vote at an Election for a Member of Parliament, in respect of Land Tax so purchased as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to have the fame or any Memorial or the Contract or Certificate of the Purchase thereof registered, as other Fee Farm Rents and Annuities, or a Memorial of the Grant thereof, are required by Law to be registered before any Person can vote for electing a Member of Parliament in respect thereof.

CAP. C.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes9 Indictments and other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

[26th June 18 r 1.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trial of Causes, IndiBments and other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that it should and might be lawful for any Prosecutor or Prosecutors to prefer his,

her or their Bill or Bills of Indictment, for any Offence or Offences committed or charged to be committed within the County of any City or Town Corporate, to the Jury of the County next adjoining to the County of such City or Town Corporate, sworn and charged to enquire for the King for the Body of such adjoining County, at any Sessions of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery; and that every such Bill of Indictment found to be a true Bill by such Jury should be valid and effectual in Law, as if the fame had been found to be a true Bill by any Jury sworn and charged to enquire for the King, for the Body of the County of such City or Town Corporate: And whereas it was further provided by the said recited Act, that if it should appear, in the manner therein mentioned, to any Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for the County of any City or Town Corporate, that any Indictment found by any Grand Jury of the County of such City or Town Corporate, or any Inquisition taken before the Coroner or Coroners of the County of such City or Town Corporate, or other Franchise, was fit and proper to be tried by a Jury of any next adjoining County, that the fame Proceedings and Trial should be bad, and the fame Judgment should be given as would and might be had and given in cases of Indictments or Inquisitions for the like Offences committed within such next adjoining Counties; but no Power was given in cases of Conviction, in pursuance of any of the Provisions in the said recited Act, of ordering the Execution of the Sentence m 4 the County of the City or Town Corporate within which the Offence had been committed, and was charged to have been committed: And whereas it may be fit and expedient, that in such cases the Punishment should be inflicted, and the Sentences put in Execution, in the respective Counties of the Cities or Towns Corporate where such Offences had been so committed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Moll Excellant Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any Conviction shall have taken place in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act, to order every such Convict to be punished according to Law, either within the County where such Conviction shall have taken place, or within the County of the City or Town Corporate wherein such Offence shall have been committed 5 and in cases where the Court shall order such Convict to be punished within the County of such City or Town Corporate, it shall and may be lawful for the Court after passing Sentence upon every such Convict or Convict9 to order him, her or them to be delivered into the Custody of the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or other proper Officer or Officers of the County of such City or Town Corporate, and the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or other proper Officer or Officers of the County of such City or Town Corporate is and are hereby commanded to receive into his or their Custody every such Convict or Convicts, and to execute the Sentence so passed upon him, her and them in such adjoining County, as if he, she or they had been tried and had received such Sentence in the County of such City or Town Corporate.

II. And whereas it is provided by the said in Part recited Act, that in all cases of Indictments and other Proceedings which may be tried before His Majesty's Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, for any County in pursuance of the Provisions contained in the said Act, it should and might be lawful for such Justices to order the Expences of the Prosecution, and of the Witnesses, and of the Teveral Rewards payable in pursuance of the Statutes in such cases made and provided on the Conviction of Offenders, to be paid by and to the fame Persons and in the same manner as the fame would have been payable if such Indictment had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery of the County of such City or Town Corporate: And whereas it is just and expedient that a similar Provision should be made for the Payment of all other Expences which may be incurred by any such adjoining County in relation to any Person who may be tried or removed for Trial to such adjoining County, for any Offence committed or charged to have been committed in the County of any such City or Town Corporate; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery, at any Session thereof holden for such County, and they are hereby required to order all Expences whatsoever incurred by such County in relation to any Person who shall be tried in such County or removed thither for Trial, for any Offence committed or charged to have been committed within the County of any such City or Town Corporate, as well in maintaining and supporting such Person and carrying the Sentence into Execution as in any other respect, to be repaid to the Treasurer of such County or other Person acting as Treasurer of Rich County, or who shall have actually paid such Expences, by the same Person or Persons and in the same manner as the fame would have been payable if such Offender or supposed

Offender

459

Regift ry of Purchase of land Tax not necessary to entitle to vote at Elections.

38 G. 3. c.ja. §a.

§ 3-

fn what cases Sentence may bt executed in the County of the City or Town Corporate.

38 G. 3. f. 5».

Proviso for Payment of Expences not before provided for by the County of a City or Town Corporate.

A.D. 1811.

460 C. 100, 101, 102. 5i° GEORGII III.

Offender had remained in the County of such City or Town .Corporate, and had been tried in the Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery of the County of such City or Town Corporate, and as if the Sentence with respect to such Offender had been carried into Execution within the County of such City or Town Corporate.

CAP. CL

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the British White Herring Fishery.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is deemed expedient that the Bounty granted by an Act made in the Forty eighth*'*Year of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation

6 of the British White Herring F'tjiery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen,

and from Thenceforth to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be extended to Vessels under the

Burthen of Sixty Tons Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton granted by the said Act to the Owner or Owners of any whole-decked Buss or Vessel of not less than Forty five Tons Burthen, (a) being British-built, owned in Great Britain, and manned, navigated and registered according to Law, which shall be fitted out for and be actually employed in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, in the manner and fubied to all the Regulations and Provisiona prescribed by the said Act. (a) [The original Act is so, but the whole Intent of the Enactment appears to be omitted

Ho* Vessels

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Vessel of less than Sixty Tons and not less than Forty five

manntd. Tons Burthen shall be deemed to be properly fitted out for and to be duly employed in the British Deep Sea

White Herring Fishery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof by virtue of the said Act, unless such Buf9 or Vessel shall be manned with Ten Men, or with Eight Men and Two Boys not under Thirteen Years of Age.

47 G.3. Sess.a, c. 69.

Indenture dared Aug. 27, 1806.

CAP. CH.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty* for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Personal Estates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Master General, and veiled in Trustees for Sale; and also for veiling and settling certain Lands heretofore contrafted to be purchased by the said General Dt Lancey in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of a Debt due to the Crown* and for other Purposes relative thereto.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Personal Estates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Master General, and vested in Trustees for Sale,

reciting, among other things, that by Indenture of Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the Court of Chancery, and dated the Twenty seventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, and made between the said*Oliver De Lancey, therein stiled Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Forces, and some time since Super- intendant General of Barracks, and afterwards and late Barrack Master General of all the Barracks for His Majesty's Forces, of the First Part; the Right Honourable William Wyndham Baron Grenville, the Right Honourable Henry Petty (commonly called Lord Henry Petty), the Honourable John Charles Spencer 4 (commonly called Viscount Allhorp), the Right Honourable William Wickham and John Courtenay Esquire,

being then the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, of the Second Part; and William Mitford and Joseph Alcock Esquires, of the Third Part; reciting, that divers Sums of Public Money to a very considerable Amount had been imprested to the said Oliver De Lancey during his Continuation in the Office of Barrack Master General, and upon investigating his Accounts with Government, it had been found that a considerable Balance was still remaining in his Hands, but the exact Amount of such Balance had not been ascertained; he the said Oliver De Lancey, by the Direction of the said Lords Commissioners, did in the manner and by the Description therein mentioned, grant, bargain, fell and confirm, direct, limit and appoint all the Freehold Estates of him the said Oliver De Lancey, in the County of Surrey, unto and to ' the Use of them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, and their Heirs and Assigns, for ever, (among other Trusts) upon Trust to sell the same (except what had been contracted to be sold or exchanged as therein mentioned), and upon Payment into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of the Money for*which the fame should be sold, to the Account of the said Oliver De Lancey, to convey the same to the 1 Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or as he or they should direct; and that it was by the said Indenture declared, that all the Monies, which should in virtue thereof be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's % Exchequer, should be so paid to the Intent that the fame might be applied towards satisfying*the Balance due or that might be found due from the said Oliver De Lancey to His Majesty or*his Successors, upon the final settling of the aforesaid Accounts of him the said Oliver De Lancey,

and also reciting in the said Act of Parliament, that it was apprehended that Purchasera might*object to the Title of the Estates comprized or described in that Indenture for want of a Quietus or Discharge from the Crown for the Monies due and owing from the said Oliver De Lancey upon the Balance of his aforesaid Accounts* it was enacted that from and immediately after the passing of that

4 Ad,

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 102. 461

Act, all and Angular the Freehold Hereditaments, which, in and by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale, were granted, bargained and fold, with their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, should remain, continue and be vested in them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, and their Heirs and Assigns, upon and for the Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements, in and by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale, limited, expressed and declared, of and concerning the same, freed and discharged and absolutely released, acquitted, exempted and exonerated, of and from all Sums of the Public Money, which had been imprested or advanced to the said Oliver De Lancey during his Continuation in the Office of Superintendant General of Barracks, and in the Office of Barrack Mailer General as aforesaid, and of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and on account of the fame: And whereas Part of the Land intended to be conveyed by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale to the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcoch, and their Heirs and Assign6, to be sold as aforesaid, and also intended to be confirmed to them the said Trustees by the said Act of Parliament, discharged from all Claims of the Crown as aforesaid, consisted of Two Pieces of Freehold Land, containing Fifty Acres or thereabouts, Part of Effingham Upper Common, lying in the Manor of Effingham East Courts in the County of Surrey, which had been set out and allotted by George Smallpieee, the Commissioner of an Inclosure Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as Land to be sold to pay the Expences incurred by that Act, and which Land the said Commissioner had contrafted to fell to the said Oliver De Lancey, in consideration of the Sum of Six hundred and seventy five Pounds, which was paid by the said Oliver De Lancey to the said Commissioner: And whereas it being discovered that the said Commissioner appointed by the said Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, did not take his Oath of Qualification directed by the said Inclosure Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, prior to his setting out and allotting the said Two Pieces of Land, containing Fifty Acres or thereabouts, as Land to be sold to pay the Expences incurred under the same Act, and his contrafting to sell the same to the said Oliver De Lancey as aforesaid, it was conceived that the said setting out and Allotment and the said Contract to fell were void; and accordingly he the said Commissioner having first taken his Oath of Qualification as directed by the said Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, did, on or before the Sixth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities given to and vetted in him by that Act, and the Act therein recited, and for the Purpose of paying and defraying the Charges and Expences incurred in obtaining and patting the said Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid,

and of all other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever preparatory to the said Inclosure, and of carrying the fame into Execution, attign and allot Two Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing together Fifty.Acres Part of Effingham Upper Common aforesaid, lying in the aforesaid Manor of Effingham Effi Court, being the fame Lands as were originally set out and allotted, and contrafted to be sold by the said Commissioner as aforesaid: And whereas the aforesaid Sum of Six hundred and seventy five Pounds, so paid to the said Commissioner George Smallpieee by the said Oliver Dr Lancey as aforesaid, remained in the Hands of him the said Commissioner; and he the said Oliver De Lancey being desirous that the said Two Pieces of Land containing Fifty Acres should be allotted to and vetted in the said William Mitford and Joseph Afcock, and their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Tnifts of the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale, and Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid; and that they the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcoek should as such Trustees become the Purchasers thereof for the said Sum of Six hundred and seventy five Pounds, the'

Money of the said Oliver De Lancey, so paid by him to the said Commissioner as aforesaid, he the said Commissioner George Smallpieee did, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand, dated the Sixth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, acknowledged to have that Day received of and from the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, Trustees of the said Oliver De Lancey, the Sum of Six hundred and seventy five Pounds, to be applied by him in defraying such Charges and Expences as were in and by the said Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid directed to be paid and discharged by the Sale of such Land, being the belt Price that could be gotten for the fame Pieces or Parcels of Ground; and he the said Commissioner George Smallpieee did declare the same to be the full Amount of the Purchase Money for the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the fame Pieces or Parcels of Land so purchased by the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, Trustees of the said Oliver De Lancey: And whereas the said Commissioner George Smallpieee duly made and executed his Award in Writing pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, dated the Ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, and did thereby set out and assign and allot the Part or Parts of the Common or Waste Lands by that Act directed or authorized to be divided or inclosed next herein after particularly described, being the aforesaid Two Pieces or Parcels of Land, containing Fifty Acres 5 that is to say. One Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Twenty Acres One Rood and Thirty fix Perches, marked on the Plan thereto annexed til. bounded on the East by Allotment marked VII. on the said Plan, and on the South West and North Sides thereof by the First, Third and Fourth described Public Roads or Highways, the Fences on the South West and North Sides whereof the said Commissioner did thereby order and direct to be made, and for ever after maintained and kept in Repair by the said Wiliam Mitford and Joseph Alcock, Trustees as aforesaid, or the Owners of the said Allotment for the time being; and One other Piece or Parcel of Land containing Twenty nine Acres Two Roods and Four Perches, marked IV. on the said Plan, bounded on the East by an Allotment marked XX. on the said Plan $ on the South, East, West and North by the Second, Third and First described Public Roads or Highways, the Fences against which said Roads the said Commissionter did thereby order and direct to be made, and for ever after maintained and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, Trustees as aforesaid, or the Owners of the said Allotment for the time being, which said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land containing together Fifty Acres,

51 Geo. III. 3 O 4 the

462 C. 102. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 18rr.

Contract with Right Hon. lt.R. Sheridan for .1 Piece of Land.

Indentures of nth and 12th December 1800, and of nth and 12th September 1810,

the said CommiflGoner had set out, assigned and allotted as being in his Judgment sufficient to raise a competent Sum of Money for paying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing the said Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, and all other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever, for or by reason*of or preparatory to the said Division and Inclosure, and of carrying that Act into complete Execution; And whereas the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock have, in Execution of the Trulls reposed in them ' by the said recited Indenture of Bargain and Sale, and Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, contracted to fell to a Purchaser a considerable Part of the said entrusted Estates, compriGng the said Two Pieces of* Land, containing Fifty Acres; but an Objection hath been made to the Title of the said Fifty Acres, upon the Ground that the same are not well vested in the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock upon the Trulls*aforesaid, by the Contract and Award so made by the said Commissioner George Smallpiece, with and to*them the fame Trustees as aforesaid, and also that the fame Lands are not discharged from the Claims of the Crown, for the Monies due and owing from the said Oliver De Lancey9 upon the Balance of his aforesaid Accounts: And whereas it is expedient that all such Objections be removed: And whereas it is in and by the aforesaid Indenture of Bargain and Sale of the Twenty seventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, recited, that the said Oliver De Lancey had entered into a Contract dated the Twenty* first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, with the Right Honourable Richard Brinsley Sheridan, One of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and then Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, for the Purchase of Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches of Laud, situate in Effingham aforesaid, and had paid to him the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan the Sum of Five hundred Pounds as the Price thereof, but no Conveyance thereof had been executed by him the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan; and after such Recital, it is by the fame Indenture witnessed, that in consideration of all and singular the Premises, he the said Oliver De Lancey did grant, bargain, fell and assign unto the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock9 their Executors, Administratora and Assigns, The said ContraCl so entered into with the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan9 and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and also the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and all Interest due or to become due thereon, upon Trull and to the Intent that they the fame Trustees Should procure the said Contract to be specifically performed by a Conveyance from the said*Richard Brinsley Sheridan9 his Heirs or Assigns, or by his or their Procurement of the said Lands comprized in the said ContraCl, such Conveyance to be made to them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon and to and for such and the fame Trulls, Ends, Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to such and the fame Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements as are therein-before expressed and declared of and concerning the said other Hereditaments thereby directed to be sold :And whereas it is in and by the said Act of Parliament of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid recited, that the Land mentioned in the said recited Indenture of Bargain and Sale, as having been contracted to be purchased by the said Oliver De Lancey of the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan9 from its Contiguity to the Capital Messuage or Tenement at Effingham aforesaid, comprized in the fame Indenture, was extremely convenient to be enjoyed therewith, and it had not yet been ascertained that the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan could make a good Title thereto, and it might happen that some Person or Persons other than the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan might be capable of making such Title, and it was appre-bended that, from the said Piece or Parcel of Land being comprized in the fame Title with other*Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of greater Value, it might be found impracticable to purchase the fame Piece or Parcel of Land separately and detached from such other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, it was by the said Act therefore further enacted, That if it should be found impracticable to*complete the said Contract for the Purchase of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Ten Acres* Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, of the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan, then and in such case it Should and might be lawful to and for the said Willinm Mitford and Joseph Alcock9 or the Survivor of them, or his Heirs or Assigns, to purchase the said Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, together with any other Free-hold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate in the said Parish of Ejfingham9 or in any adjoining Parish or Place, so as the Purchase Money for the fame should*not exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds; and it was thereby further enabled, That all and Angular the Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which should be purchased by them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns as aforesaid, should be conveyed or allured unto and to the Use of them or him, and their or his Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon and to and for the Trusts, Ends, Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements in and by the said therein recited Indenture of Bargain*and Sale, expressed and declared of and concerning the Freehold Manor and other Hereditaments thereby bargained and sold as aforesaid: And whereas the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock having found it impracticable to complete the said Contrail for the Purchase of the said Land containing Ten Acres Three*Roods and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts, separately and detached from other Lands and Hereditaments, they the fame Trustees conceived it incumbent upon them to purchase the Freehold and Copyhold Messuage or Tenement, Lands and other Hereditaments described in, and granted and released and covenanted to be*surrendered by the several Indentures of Lease and Release herein after mentioned, of which Freehold Hereditaments the said Lfcnd, containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, is Parcel: And whereas, under and by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Eleventh and Twelfth Days of December One thousand eight hundred, the Release being made between Sir William Geary Baronet, of the First Part; Charles Carpenter Esquire of the Second Part; the Right Honourable Richard Brinsley Sher'ulan9 One of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, then Richard Brinsley*13«Sheridan

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 102. 463

Sheridan Esquire, of the Third Part 5 John Robert Cocker Esquire of the Fourth Part j and Barnard Cran*

Jloun Cocker Gentleman, of the Fifth Part; by the Recitals in which said Indenture of Release it appears

that the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan had previously, by himself or his Agent, contracted for the Purchase .* of the said last mentioned Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Farm6, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments,

' comprizing the said Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches; and also by»or under and by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Eleventh and Twelfth Days 01 September

One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Release being made or expressed to be made- between the said

John Robert Cocker of the First Part, the said Barnard Cranjloun Cocker of the Second Part, and the said

William Mitford and Joseph Alcock of the Third Part, several Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the fame Indentures particularly described, situate, lying and being in the Parishes of EJlngham, Great Bookham and Little Bookham, in the said County of Surrey, of which Freehold Hereditaments the said Piece or Parcel of Land, containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches is Part and Parcel, have been, for the Considerations in the fame Indentures expressed,

'f and particularly in consideration of the Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds paid by the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock to the said John Robert Cocker, as the Purchase Money for the fame Freehold and Copyhold rremifes granted and released and conveyed and covenanted to be surrendered unto and to the Use of them the said William Mitford and Jofefb Alcock, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas the said Piece or Parcel of Land containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches is Part of the said entrusted Estates contra died to be sold by the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock to a Purchaser; but an Objection hath been made to the Title of the said Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, for Want of a Quietus or Discharge from the Crown for the Monies due and owing, or that may be found due and owing from the said Richard Brinsley Sheridanf upon the Balance of his Accounts with the Crown as Treasurer of the Navy 5 and it is apprehended that for the fame Reason the Title of the Residue of the said Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized in the said last mentioned Indentures of Lease and Release may be objected to, and it is expedient that fuel) Objections be removed: And whereas the said Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds paid by the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, as the Consideration for the Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments so purchasea by them as aforesaid, exceeds the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, which by the aforesaid Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid they were authorized to lay out in a Purchase as aforesaid by the Sum of Six hundred Pounds: And whereas they the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock were induced to make such Purchase,

4 (though the fame was to the Extent of the said Sum of Six hundred Pounds an Excess of their Trull) on account of the great Benefit and Advantage that would thereby be derived to the Bulk of the Estates vested in them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock in Trull to be sold as aforesaid; and it is reasonable,

under the particular Circumstances of this case, that the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock be indemnified for having so exceeded the Trull reposed in them: But inasmuch as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament \* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all the aforesaid Two The Freehold Pieces or Parcels of Land hereinbefore particularly described, containing together Fifty Acres, with theirn#1 «her Pre-and every of their Rights, Easements, Members and Appurtenances; and also all and singular the said Free- aforesaid hold and Copyhold Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by or under and by virtue of velS^Truf* the said several Indentures of Lease and Release granted, released and conveyed and covenanted to be surrendered, ttfrs i, Trust including the said Piece or Parcel of Land containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, with all exonerated of the Rights, Easements, Members and Appurtenances thereto belonging, shall be and remain and continue Claims of veiled m and settled upon and to the Use of them the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcocky and their Heirs tise Crown, &c. and Assigns for ever, upon and to and for the Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and under and subjc£l to the

Powers, Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements, in and by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale limited, expressed and declared of and concerning the Freehold Hereditaments therein comprized, and thereby conveyed io Trust to be sold as aforesaid, freed and discharged, and absolutely released, acquitted, exempted and exonerated as to, for and concerning the said Two Pieces of Land containing Fifty Acres, with the Appurtenances, of and from all Sums of the Public Money which have been imprested or advanced to the said Oliver Dc Lancey during his Continuation in the Office of Superintendant General of Barracks, and in the Office of Barrack Mailer General as aforesaid, and of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and on account of the fame 5 and also freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands of the said Oliver De Lancey t his Heirs or Assigns, and as, to, for and concerning all and Angular the said Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments by the said several Indentures of Lease and Release granted and released, and covenanted to be surrendered as aforesaid, including the said Piece or Parcel of Land containing Ten Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches, with the Appurtenances, freed and discharged, and absolutely released, acquitted, exempted and exonerated of and from all Sums of the Public Money which have been imprested or advanced to the said Richard Brinsley Sheridan during this Continuance in the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, or for which he is or may be accountable to the Crown in that Character; and of and from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and on account of the fame, and also freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands of them the Cud Richard Brinsley Sheridan and Oliver De Lancey respectively, and their respective Heirs and Assigns; and Purchaser, on that all and every Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments hereby veiled and pay»nS Purchase settled as aforesaid, who shall pay his or their Purchase Money into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer as Money, 10 enjoy.

3 O 2 is

464. c.

102,

IOj.

51 GEORGII III.-

A.D. 181fc.

Trustees indemnified.

General Saving.

[Public Act.]

His Majesty may allow Officers unfit for Service to retire on Half Pay.

Officers in Ve-lefan Battalions allowed to retire #0 Full Pay.

Secretary atWar and Treasury to dtte& the Form of Certificates, Ice.

is expressed in the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale, and who shall obtain a Receipt or Receipts, Tally or Tallies, or other Voucher from His Majesty's Exchequer for such respective Purchase Monies, and the Heira and Assigns of such Purchaser or Purchasers, shall and may for ever bold and enjoy the Lands and Hereditaments hereby vetted and settled, which shall be by him or them respectively purchased as aforesaid, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, released, exempted and exonerated as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That they the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, and their respective Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and their and every of their Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chattels, are hereby and from henceforth for ever shall be Caved harmless, and indemnified for having made such Purchase as aforesaid for the Price and in manner aforesaid, and also freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands whatsoever of His Majesty, and his Heirs and Successors, and of the said Oliver De Lancey, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for or in respect of the said Purchase so made by them the said William Mitford and Jofeth Alcock as aforesaid; and for or in respect of the said Sum of Five thousand six hundred rounds so paia for the said Purchase as aforesaid, or any Part of the same Sum; and for or in respect of any Costs, Charges, Damages or Expences caused or occasioned to the aforesaid entrusted Estates by reason of such*Purchase,

III. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (other than and except in respect of the Sums of Money, Claims and Demands hereinbefore released and discharged); and also saving to all other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Persons whomsoever, and their respective Successors, Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and particularly to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manors, whereof the said Copyhold Hereditaments hereby vested and settled as aforesaid are respectively holden (other than and except the said Oliver De Lancey and Richard Brinsley Sheridan respectively, and their respective Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and the said William Mitford and Joseph Alcock, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in and to the Messuages, Farms, Lands and Hereditaments hereby vested and settled as aforesaid, as they, every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be taken Notice of and allowed as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Cap. cm.

An Act to authorize the allowing Officers to retire on Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain Restrictions.

[26th June 181 !]

WHEREAS it is expedient and necessary, that better Provision should be made for the Retirement of

Officers disabled by Wounds, or rendered incapable of Service by Age, 111 Health or Infirmity, and also for enabling Officers removed from the Permanent Staff of the Quarter Matter General, to receive

Half Pay : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allow any Officer in His Majesty's Service who would be entitled upon the Reduction of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or of his Commission in His Majesty's Service, to Half Pay, and who shall become unfit for Service, either from Wounds, or 111 Health, or Infirmity, or Age, to be certified to the Secretary at War in manner directed by this Act, and who shall thereupon be allowed to retire under the Provisions of this Act, to have and receive the Half Pay of the Commission which he shall have held at the time of his being so allowed to retire, although the Regiment in which he shall have served, or the Commission which he shall nave held, shall not be reduced; and also to allow any Officer removed from the Permanent Staff of the Quarter Matter General, to have and receive the Half Pay of the Rank in the Army which he held at the time of being so removed as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allow any Officer serving in any Veteran Battalion, or any Officer who would by Length of Service or otherwise be entitled to be transferred from any Regiment of the Line to a Veteran Battalion, who shall become or be incapable of serving in such Veteran Battalion, either from Wounds, 111 Health, Infirmity or Age, to be certified to the Secretary at War in manner directed by this Act, and who shall thereupon be allowed to retire under the Provisions of this Act, to have and receive the full Pay of the Commission which he shall have held at the time of his being so allowed to retire as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to order and direct the Form and Nature of the Certificates which shall be given by Medical or other Persons in relation to Officers applying to retire on Half Pay or on Full Pay from any Veteran Battalion, provided that every such Certificate shall state whether the Officer by whom the same shall be transmitted is rendered wholly incapable of serving for Life or only for a temporary Period, together with such other Particulars as shall be required in that behalf; and every such Certificate shall be registered at the War Office, and an Account of the Officers so allowed to retire in each Year shall be laid before Parliament.

A.D. 1811.

4

51° GEORGII III. C. 104.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for extending and amending the Regulations now in force) relative to the Payment to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty Jifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the letter and more ejfcfiually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War, and for the further Encouragement of Seamen; and for the better and more effectually providing for the Interest t of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend

the Provisions oj the said Afi to cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced ftnee the paffng of the said Act: And whereas it is necessary that the said recited Act should be altered and amended lie it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as directs the Payment to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital of all unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Prize or Balances remaining unpaid to Officers and Soldiers, and Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, in cases of conjund Expeditions with His Majesty's Naval Forces, shall be extended to all cases of Prize and Capture, or any Grant upon Capture or Balances arising therefrom, not claimed by Officers, Soldiers and Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, or acting in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of His Majesty; and all the Provisions of the said recited Act in relation to the Payment of unclaimed Shares of Prize Money, shall extend to authorize and require the Payment in like manner and under the like Restrictions and Regulations of all such unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Prize and Balances remaining unpaid to any Officers or Soldiers, or Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, employed in Military Operations, and not conjointly with the Navy, as fully and effectually as if all the Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating thereto, were severally repeated and re-enacted in the Body of and made Part of this Act.

II. And whereas the said recited Act gives all Shares or Balances of unclaimed Prize Money which should

have been paid into Chelsea Hospital as aforesaid, and not legally demanded within Six Years from the time of its being so paid in, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, but gives no Directions with respect to the Appropriation of the Monies during the said Six Years, except so far as respects the refunding

to Claimants legally entitled to Sharee thereof, and except also the Remuneration of Persons employed in carrying the said recited Act into Execution, and other Expences attending the fame: And whereas it may be expedient, under the Directions of Parliament, to apply from time to time Monies arising from such

unclaimed Shares of Prize Money to the Use of Chelsea Hospital before the Expiration of the said Six

Years; Be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires or may be construed to require the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital to retain in his Hands all unclaimed Prize Money for the Period of Six Years from the time the fame mall have been paid into his Hands, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 the said Commissioners retaining always in their Hands such a Sum of Money as in their Judgment will be sufficient to answer any Claims which may be made by the several Persons entitled to such Shares of Prize Money, or their legal Representatives.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to cause any Sum or Sums of Money of the unclaimed or forfeited Shares or Balances of Prize Money so paid in as aforesaid, to be invested in the Public Funds or other Government Securities, in the Name of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputy Treasurer, for the time being of the said Royal Hospital, and to direct the Dividends and interest arising therefrom from time to time to be applied to the general Current Services of the Hospital.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Investtnents which have been heretofore made of the unclaimed Prize Money, or Shares or Balances, so paid in as aforesaid in the Public Funds, or other Government Securities, in the Naine of the Deputy Treasurer, shall be as legal, valid and effectual, as if the fame had been made under the Authority of this Act; and the fame Securities shall, after the passing of this Act, be transferred into the Names of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputy Treasurer, and shall vest in them for the Purposes of the said Royal Hofphal, as if such lnveftments had been originally* made under the Authority of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea to authorize their Deputy Treasurer to pay to any Person or Persons who shall prove him, her or themselves to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or of the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, to be the next of Kin, or legal Representative, or otherwise legally entitled to any Share of Prize Money belonging to any deceased Soldier, any such Share, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, although such Person shall net have regularly taken out Letters of Administration, or have procured the Probate of any Will of such deceased Soldier, Seaman or Marine.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Claims for Prize Money to be made upon the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, by the next of Kin of Foreign Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers who shall have been in the Pay of His Majesty, and who shall have died intestate, and which next of Kin shall reside out of His Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the time being, to pay and discharge such Claims to such next of Kin, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by such next of Kin* to receive the same, without requiring the Production of Letters of

' J Administra-

49 G. 3. c. ia*

§ 16. extended to all Cases of Prixe and Capture, Sec.

49 C. 3. C. 12.

§ x6.

repealed.

Forfeited Shares or Balances of Prise Money vested in the Funds.

Securities in the Name of Deputy Treasurer transferred to Governor, Sec.

Shares of Prixe Money paid to Next of Kin without Administration, Sec if not exceeding ooL

Prixe Money due to Next of Kin of Foreign, era paid without Letters of Administratton, ftu

466 C. 104.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Cornmilfioucrsof Lnell'ta Hospital may require a Return from Persons who h ive obtained Powers of At-torney to receive Pi i/.e Money, of Money received by them, and require Payment in Two Montln.

Limitation of Claim of Prize Money.

Accounts laid btfoie Parliament.

A dminift ration, to the Person appearing upon the Prize Lift, to be entitled to the Share or Shares which shall be so claimed 5 and in all cases where such Foreign Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers shall have made Wills, it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, in like manner to pay and satisfy such Claims to the Person or Persons who by Inspection of the original Will, or an authenticated Copy thereof, shall appear to be entitled thereto, or to such Person or Persons as he, she or they shall duly authorize to receive the same, without requiring the Production of Probates of such Wills.

VII. And whereas it has been the Practice of Army Agents, Regimental Paymasters and others, to

obtain Powers of Attorney from large Proportions of different Regiments, authorizing their Receipt of

Prize Money from the Prize Agents and from Chelsea Hospital', and large Sums of Money have by virtue of such Powers come into the Hands of such Army Agents, Regimental Paymasters and others, for which they ought to account; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital from time to time to issue Precepts under their Hands, or the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to such Persons as they may have Reason to believe have received Money under such Powers as aforesaid, requiring them to make a Return upon Oath (which Oath any Justice of the Peace, or the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, for the time being, is authorized to administer) of all Monies which may have been received by such Person, under any such Powers as aforesaid, and directing the Person or Persons to whom such Precepts shall be addressed to make Payment within Two Calendar Months after such Precept shall have been served, of all Monies which may remain in his or their Hands, not paid over to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and such Monies, in case the same shall not be paid over within the time limited by this Act, shall be recoverable from the Person detaining the fame by Action for Money had and received, or otherwise,

'in the Name of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and the fame when so paid in or recovered, shall be for the Use of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto; and in case no Claim shall be made thereto for the Spacqof Six Years from the time of the fame being paid into Chelsea Hospital as aforesaid, the same shall be applied to the Use of the said Hospital, and in the mean time and until the Expiration of such Six Years, or till the same shall be claimed by the Person or Persons legally entitled thereto, the same shall be invested and applied as Shares of unclaimed Prize Money are hereby directed to he inverted and applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, for the time being, and he is hereby directed and required to lay annually before both Houses of Parliament an Account in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, or in some Form to the fame Tenor and Effect; and that such Accounts shall be made up to the Twenty fourth Day of December in every Year, the First of them to commence from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, up to which Period Accounts have already been laid before Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this A<£1: refers.

- The Account of the Deputy Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, directed to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament, by an Act of the 51st Geo. 3.

Dr. Cr.

Date of Year.

£ s. d.

ToCafti arising from forfeited and unchimed ' Shares of Prize Money, &c. received trom l*rize Agents, viz.

[Herefet forth the Names of the fever a I Persont from whom the Monies have been received, the several Sums received from each Person % and the several Captures, \dfc. to which each Sum relates.}

To Do. arising from the Dividends or Into* rest of Monies invested in the Public Funds or other Government Securities

N.B. There are now (landing in the Names of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputy Treasurer of the Hospital, and they are in the Possession of the several Sums of Stock and the other Government Securities under mentioned, videlicet.

[ Here fate the Particulars.]

Date of Year.

By Calli refunded to Claimants By Do. paid in remunerating the Officers " of the said Royal Hospital and other Persons, for their Pains and Trouble in car. rying the Provisions of the Acts of the 45 Geo. 3. Cap. 71. 4? Gea.3. Cap. 143. and 51 Geo. 3. c..into Execution, and in defraying all other contingent Expences attending the same.

By Do. invested in the Public Funds or other Government Securities Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

C. 105. 467

CAP. CV.

An Act. to enable Persons to bequeath Lands and Tenements to the Commissioners for the Government of The Royal Naval Asylum, and to authorize the said Commissioners to hold the fame for the Benefit of the said Asylum, and for amending an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said Asylum.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS His Majesty was pleased, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, dated the Twenty

ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine, to establish an Institution, called <x The 1 Royal Naval Asylum for the Management and Education of a certain Number of Orphans and other ChiF-

dren of the Non-commissioned Officers and Seamen of His Majesty's Fleet, and of the Royal Marine Forces

and appointed divers Persons to be Commissioners for the Government thereof; And whereas well disposed Persons may be willing and desirous of devising Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments

to the said Commissioners, for the Purpose of enabling them to carry into more effectual Execution the bene-

ficial Purposes of the said Institution, if the Statutes of Mortmain did not prevent such Devises; and it

would greatly tend to the Benefit of the said Asylum, and of the Public, if Power was given for any Person or Persons to devise or give, and for the said Commissioners to accept, take and hold Messuages, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments for the Use of the said Asylum: And whereas by an Attpafled in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Palace called The King's House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greenwich Park, in the County of Kent,

to the Comtntjfioners for the Government of The Royal Naval Asylum, and for enabling the said Commissioners to appoint a Chaplain to officiate therein, it was, among other things, ena&ea, That it mould be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by Letters Patent, to grant the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said

Hereditaments and Premises unto and to the Use of such Persons as His said Majesty had by his Royal Warrant, bearing Date on the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, appointed

Commissioners for the Government of the said Royal Naval Asylum, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust, for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Naval Asylum; And whereas His Majesty was pleased, by virtue and

in pursuance of the said Act, by his Royal Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster, the Eighth Day of June in the Forty seventh Year of His Reign, to give and grant unto His Royal Highness Ernest Duke of Cumberland, and Five of the Commissioners of the said Royal Naval Asylum, all the Hereditaments and Premises mentioned and comprized in the said recited Act. to hold to them and their Heirs and Assigns for ever in Trust and for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Naval Asylum: And whereas it has been lately discovered, that there is by Mistake included in the said Act a Piece or Parcel of Ground containing One Acre One Rood and Sixteen Perches which did not belong to His Majesty, but which belongs to and is the Property of the Governors and Drre&ors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich : 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, irv this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to give, devise or bequeath any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to and for the Use and Benefit of The Royal Naval Asylum; and that the said Commissioners and their Successors shall be able and capable in Law, without Licence in Mortmain, to take, hold, receive, possess and enjoy to them and their Successors, for the Purposes of the said Asylum, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Kents, Tenements, Annuities and Hereditaments of what Nature or Kind soever, or any Estate or Interest arising or derived out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to them and their Successors, in Fee and Perpetuity, or for Life or Lives, or Terms of Years, or otherwise, and to let, fell, alien, assign and dispose of the fame Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at their Will and Pleasure, and in such manner as shall be most beneficial for the said Institution.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (except such Part thereof as relates to the Appointment of a Chaplain to the said Royal Naval Asylum, and except so much thereof as exempts from Penalties, on account of Non-residence, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England\ any spiritual Person acting as Chaplain, Auditor, Secretary, or in any other public Office in the said Asylum), shall be and the fame is hereby repealed*

III. And be it further euaded, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, at any time or times hereafter, by Letters Patent, or Indenture or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to grant the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in.all and Angular the capital Messuage or Mansion House, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises herein after mentioned and described, unto and to the Use of such Persons as His said Majesty has by his Royal Warrant bearing Date on the Twenty fifth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and five, in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, appointed Commissioners for the Government of the said Royal Naval Asylum, their Heirs and Assigns, or to such of the said Commissioners as His Majesty may think fit, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust, for the Use and Benefit of the said Royal Naval Asylum, and for the Purpose of the said Institution; that is to say, the Palace or Mansion House commonly called The King's House or The Queen's House, the Ranger's Lodge, with the Gardens, Tilt Yard, Lodges and Appurtenances belonging r appertaining thereto, situate in Greenwich Park, in the County of Kent, which said Premises comprize all that One Piete or Parcel of Ground, whereoU lately stood all that capital Mansion and Offices heretofore called The King's House or The Queen's House (but now called YA* Royal Naval Asylum), situate, lying and'

bein

47 G. 3- Sett*, x*

C.J2.

Persons may devise and Commissioners may accept and hold Ellatcs.

47 G 3. ScfT. r. c. 52. 7

repealed.

His Majesty empowered to grant the Pre-miles mentioned to the Commissioners of the ^laval Asylum.

468 C. 105.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Grant of Lands valid.

x Ann. Stab x. c. 7.

1 G. 3. c x. 34 0-3- c. 7S-

47 G. 3. Sess. x. c.jx. 55.

explained with tegard to Settle-mini.

being within the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, abutting towards the North on that Part of Romney's Road which leads from Park Row, at the South East Corner of Greenwich Hospital, to that Part of Romney's Road at the South West Comer of Greenwich Hospital, and there containing Seven hundred and twenty three Feet Eleven Inches, little more or less; and abutting toward the West on a Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to Greenwich Hospital, and used as a Garden by the Governor of the said Hospital, and there containing Four hundred and twenty seven Feet Three Inches 5 thence returning West-ward along and abutting Northward on the South End of the said Garden, and there containing One hundred and thirty seven Feet Five Inches; thence returning again Southward, and abutting further toward the West on that other Part of Romney's Road which leads from Greenwich Park to Ship Dock, and there containing Forty one Feet Eight Inches, little more or less; thence returning Eastward, and abutting toward the South upon Greenwich Park, and there containing Forty three Feet and Five Inches, little more or less; thence returning Northward, and abutting toward the East upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Five Feet and Four Inches, little more or less; thence returning Eastward, and abutting again toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing One hundred and seven Feet, little more or less 5 thence returning Southward, and abutting toward the West upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Seventy Feet and Eight Inches, little more or less; thence returning Eastward and abutting again toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Six hundred and sixty eight Feet and Nine Inches, little more or less; and abutting toward the East in part upon the said Greenwich Park, and containing in such Part Forty Feet and Six Inches, little more or less; and in other Part upon Park Row, and containing in such other Part Four hundred and ninety eight Feet and Four Inches, little more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground {whereon stands all that Lodge and Out-buildings lately used as the Residence of the Maitre d9Hotel of Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, and heretofore used as the Residence of the Clerk of the Works or Labourer m Trult, in the said King's House or the Queen's House), situate, lying and being within the said Parish of East Greenwich, in the said County of Kent, and situate to the Eastward of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, and abutting toward the North upon Park Place, and there containing Eight hundred and ten Feet, little more or less, and abutting toward the West upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Fifty fix Feet and Four Inches, little more or less 5 and abutting toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Eight hundred and eight Feet and Four Inches, little more or less; and abutting toward the East upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Fifty eight Feet, little more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground (whereon stands all that Lodge, now or lately occupied by Sir John Douglas Knight, and heretofore occupied by Admiral Brathwayte) situate, lying and being within the Parish of East Greenwich, in the said County of Kent, and situate to the South Eastward of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, and abutting at the North End thereof toward the North upon Park Place, and there containing Twenty three Feet ana Nine Inches, little more or less; and abutting toward the West upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Fifty two Feet and Eight Inches, little more or less 5 thenc returning Eastward, and abutting toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Sixteen Feet, little more or less; thence returning Southward, and again abutting toward the West upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Three hundred and ninety two Feet, little more or less; and abutting toward the South upon the said Greenwich Park, and there containing Sixty one Feet and Six Inches, little more or less; and abutting toward the East upon Maize Hill, and there containing Four hundred and ten Feet, little more or less; and thence trending North Westward in an Angle of Forty seven Degrees, and abutting upon and facing the South End of the Road leading from Park Place to Woolwich, and there containing Fifty one Feet and Four Inches, little more or less.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Grant of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, as shall be made by His said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and enacted to be good, valid and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures to be expressed, not with standing any Restriaion, Matter or Thing contained in an Act of Parliament made in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; or in an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; or in an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents; or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

4 V. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That no Officer, Servant or other Person who

should belong to or reside in the said Royal Naval Asylum, or Officer, Servant or other Person retained or employed in the said Royal Naval Asylum, either by or in the Service of the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Royal Naval Asylum, or by or in the Service of any Person or Persons residing in or belonging to the said Royal Naval Asylum, should, by reason of any such Office, Residence, Service or Employment

gain or acquire any Settlement in or be entitled to Relief from the Parish of Greenwich; and it is expedient that in this respect the said Act should be explained and amended: Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons attached to and residing in the said Royal Naval Asylum from acquiring ft Settle

- w Segment in the said Parish of Greenwich, by reason o? his, her or their having occupied or keen entrusted 'with the said Royal Naval Asylum of the annual Valqe of, Ten Pounds; but

an Apartment or Tenement in 1

H

that

the

A.D. 1811. 51 GEORGII I. C. 105, 106. 469

the Provision In the said recited Act, upon the Subject of Settlements to be acquired in' the said Parish of Greenwich, shall extend and be applicable only to Settlements by Hiring and Service, and by Apprentice-ships.

VL Saving always to all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all other PciTons whom foe ver, and their, his General Saving, and her Sticceflors, Heirs, Executors and Administrators (other than and except His Most Excellent Majesty, and his Heirs and Successors), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand of, in and to the Premises to be granted in and by the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be made in pursuance of this Act, as they, every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or might, or could, or would have had, held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CVI.

An Act: for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service, to return to their Homes.

[26th June 181 x.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience and Expence is incurred by Parishes in which Barracks are situated,

and from whence Regiments embark when ordered on Foreign Service, from the Wives and Children of the Soldiers so embarking for Foreign Service being left to return to the Place of their Rcftdence or

Settlement, and they often spend the Money given to them for the Purpose of enabling them so to return,

and become burthensome to the Parish; and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be made for enabling such Wives and Children to return to their Homes, or for passing them as Vagrants to their Places of Residence or Settlement in case of Misconduct* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, upon any Regiment, Battalion, In what cab Corps or Detachment, being embarked for Foreign Service, the Commanding Officers thereof shall cause a Commanding List or Lists to be made oul of all the Wives and Children of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment, Oihcer to Battalion, Corps or Detachment, to be left at the Place of Embarkation, who are desirous of claiming the children of* Allowance authorized by this Act, for the Purpose of enabling them to return to their Homes or Places of Soldiers to be Settlement, either in One Lift for the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, or separate Lifts for left at Place of each Company; and shall give to every such Wife a Duplicate of such Part of such Lift as shall apply to Embarkation, each Wife and her Family of Children respectively, certifying thereon under his Hand, that the Person to whom such Certificate is given is the Wife or reputed Wife of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps Wife to have a or Detachment 5 and he mall transmit such List or Lists so made out to the Secretary at War. Duplicate certi-

II. And be it further enacted, That each Wife to whom any such Duplicate shall have been delivered as ffu |, Cate shew*

aforesaid shall forthwith take the same to some neighbouring Justice or Magistrate, who shall make out a t0U\flghlnte9 Route for her, and fill up and sign a Certificate, specifying the Place to which such Woman is going, and her w/, 0 shall make Route, that (he may receive such Allowances as are authorized by this Act, not exceeding Two Pence out Route and fer Mile. give CertiBcate.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon Production of fitch Certificate to any Overseer of the Poor of Overseer, upon any Place through which such Woman shall pass, he shall, out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Produdionof Relief of the Poor, pay her an Allowance not exceeding the Rate per Mile specified in such Certificate as Certificate, to aforesaid, for the Number of Miles to the next City, Town or Place to which (he may be going, not*

exceeding Eighteen Miles, and he shall indorse on such Certificate the Money so paid, and take a Receipt

from the Woman signed with her Hand or with her Mark, specifying the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment to which her Husband belongs, so as that the Description on the Receipt may correspond with the Description in the Certificate so produced to him as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum so advanced by such Overseer shall, upon Production and Overmen repaid Delivery of such Receipt to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Overseer aft* as such, by Collector of or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Overseer for the Use of the Fund for the Exc, r<?*

Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person, out of any Public Monies in his Hands,

and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts; and such Overseer shall give a Receipt for the Money so

paid to such Collector or other Person, and such Receipt of the Overseer, together with the Receipt of the

Woman, shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by such Collector, and all Sums Money advanced

of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise, shall be repaid by the Agents of the Regiments to fa Puqxde

which the Soldiers belong, whose Wives and Families have been so relieved, or by any other Person to be

appointed for that Purpose by the Secretary at War, to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the offu?.

Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively to draw for or receive the same, for or on account of the said Duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Woman shall, at the Lift Place of her receiving any Allow- CeitiBcate chance under this Act, antecedent to her Arrival at her Home or Place of Settlement, deliver up such Cer- liveied up to tificate to the Overseer of the Poor advancing such Allowance, who shall deliver the same to the Collector Overseer, xc, of Excise, and the same shall be, by such Collector of Excise, transmitted to the War Office.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Wives of Soldiers not complying with the Regulations hereinbefore Women not prescribed, shall be treated as Vagrants, and may be passed as such to their Homes, either in England, Ireland>mp\yu}8>r Scotland respectively, a* the cite may be.

54 Geo. III.

3?

47°

'6*cretiry at War to ittue ths Sum necessary for Pay of Regular and Local Militia, and for Clothing.

JO G. 3. c. 90.

Rates of Pay to Serjeants, Corporals ani* Drummers, when absent on Furlough,

Allowance to Surgeons.

Battalion Clerk of Local Militia, 50L per Aon.* c. 28. ante.

c. 8. ante.

Allowance to Lanh older:

C. 107. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thou fund eight hundred and eleven.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for On« 4 Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is hereby authorized and empowered and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in the Manner and for the several .Uses-herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Matter, where a Quarter Matter is appointed 5 and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six Pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six Pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two Pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Six Pence a Day for each Drum. Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Four Pence per Man for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One Penny for each Corporal, Four Pounds and Ten Pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds and Ten Pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence for each Private Man; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, ana resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed Once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the regular Establishment of the permanent Staff thereof as may be serving on Reduced Pay, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that wheu any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Seneant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Pay at the following Rates instead of those above mentioned; that is to say, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight Pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six Pence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular Militia when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One (Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, for the Expence of necessary Medicines, for the Sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training; and to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Sum of Sixteen Shillings for the fame Purpose, as also to the Surgeon of Regular Militia when disembodied, and to the Surgeon of Local Militia respectively, an Allowance of Six Pence per Month for each of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Battalion Clerk of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Establishment of which does not authorize the Appointment of a Quarter Matter, an Allowance of Fifty Pounds per Annum.

VII. And whereas in pursuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepeers and others on quartering Soldiers, certain in-

creased Rates are allowed for the Payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers may, by virtue of an Act passed also in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing ' Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be quartered in

that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales- and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the said Regular Militia, if disembodied, and the Local Militia, wheu called out to annual Exercise, are required by Law to be quartered and billetted in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin 11 by Retail Be it enacted, That the Innholders and others on whom the said Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), or Local Militia shall be so

15 quartered

A.D. 1811.

5ia GEORGII III.

C. 107-

110.

47

39*4° G. .v c. 44.

quartered and billeted, shall be entitled to ?nd receive the same Rates of Allowance for each Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer and Private Man so quartered and billeted upon them, during the time of their remaining assembled for Exercise as aforesaid, and under the same Rules and Regulations as such Innholders or others may now, by the above mentioned Act for the Relief of Innkeepers, demand and receive for the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Soldiers of the Regular Infantry, in the respective cases of their furnishing them with Diet and Small Beer, or supplying them in lieu thereof with the Articles specified in the said Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to supply the necessary Funds to defray the Charge of the Allowances so to be made to the said Innholders and others: Provided always, that each of the Non-commissioned Officers, provit. Drummers and Private Men who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, as aforesaid, shall contribute towards the Expence thereof, the like Proportion of his Pay and Beer Money, as is or shall be contributed in the like case by the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers and Soldiers of the Regular Infantry.

[This Act, except the Clauses above infer ted, is similar to 50 G. 3. c. 90.]

CAP. CVIII.

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia,

disembodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia under certain ReJlr 'tSions, which has been revived and continued by several subsequent Acts until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, Humid be again revived and further continued, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors* Be it therefore rnafted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; and that all such and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said Act and Allowances had been continued by any Act of Parliament before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every respect as if this Act had passed before the (hid Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under this Act may receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such Commission or Half Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any tyorift. Allowance under this Act during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[26th June 1811.]

[This Act, except the Dates, is in all respects similar to 50 G. 3. r.92.]

revived- end coot* ttnued as refj*etts Adjutant*, to,

Reduced Adjutant* entitled os Pay a* well u AlkwTai

CAP. CX.

An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, intended to be issued and circulated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the respective Sums of Five Shillings and Six Pence, Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Sir Pence; and to prevent the bringing into the Kingdom or uttering any such counterfeit Pieces or Tokens.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with the Approbation of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, are preparing to make and (lamp, and intend to issue and circulate, for the Convenience of the Public, a Quantity of Silver Pieces, denominated Tokens, for the respective Sums of Five Shillings and Sir Pence, Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Six Pence, such Tokens for the Sum of Fire Shillings and Sir Pence being intended to contain, on the Obverfc Side thereof*

3 P 2 1 an

472

Description of Tokens to be issued by the Bank.

Counterfeiting

Tokens.

Punishment.

Bnng^n? coun-teifeit To! ens into the Kingdom.

Punishment Vending Tokens.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Certificate of former Conviction in another Place sufficient Proof.

Having more than Five counterfeit Tokens in his Possession.

[Penalty.]

C. 110. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

' an Impression of His Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Letters (videlicet) 44 Georgius III.

Dei Gratia Rex, " and on the Reverse thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet, Bank Token, 5s. 6d." with the Addition of the Year in which the same shall be made and stamped; such Tokens for the Sum of Three Shillings being intended to contain the fame Impression, Words and Letters on the Obvcrfe Side thereof as upon the said Tokens for Fi\e Shillings and Six Pence, and on the Reverse Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet, 41 Bank Token, 3 Shill." with the Addition of the Year in which the same shall be made and stamped; and such Tokens for the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence being intended to contain the fame Impression, Words and Letters on the Obverse Side thereof as

upon the said Token for Five Shillings and Six Pence, and on the Reverse Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet, 44 Bank Token, 1 s. 6d." with the Addition of the Year in which the fame shall be coined or stamped: And whereas, for the Security of the Public, it is expedient to prevent the counterfeiting of the said respective Tokens: Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make, coin or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the making, coining or counterfeiting any Token or Tokens, resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like any of the said respective Tokens, so as aforesaid intended to be made, and stamped, and issued, and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with Intent to pass as such, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding Seven Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, bring into the said United Kingdom any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said respective Tokens so as aforesaid intended to be made, and stamped, and issued, and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with Intent to pass as such Tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or conterfeited, to the Intent to utter the fame within the said United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the fame, every IVrfon so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding Seven Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, utter, offer or tender in Payment or give in Exchange, or pay, or put off to any Person or Persons, any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like any of the said respective Tokens so as aforesaid intended to be made, and stamped, and issued, and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or with Intent to pass as such Tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall suffer Six Months Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for Six Months more, to be computed from the End of the said first Six Months \ and if the fame Persons shall afterwards be convicted a Second Time for the like Offence of uttering, offering or tendering in Payment, or giving in Exchange, or paying, or putting off any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid* knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, such Persons shall for such Second Offence suffer Two Years Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for Two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said first Two Years; and if the same Person shall afterwards offend a Third Time in uttering* offering or tendering in Payment, or giving in Exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or coun^ terfeited Token or Tokens as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, and shall by due Course of Law be convicted of such Third Offence, he or she shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of uttering, offering or tendering in Payment any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, District or Place, the Clerk of the Assize, or Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, District or Place where such former Conviction shall have been had, shall, at the Request of the Profrcutor, or any other on His Majesty's Behalf, certify the fame by a Transcript in

' few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction, for which Certificate Two Shillings and Six Pence and no more shall be paid, and such Certificate, being produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her or their Custody, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Party accused), any greater Number than Five of such false or counterfeit Tokens as aforesaid, or resembling, or made with Intent to resemble or look like any of the said Tokens respectively so as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped, and issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with Intent to pass as such, every such Person being thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and counterfeit Tokens, which shall be cut in Pieces and dellroyed by Order of such Justice; and every Offender so convicted as aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, for every such false or counterfeit Token respectively which mall be found in the Custody of such Person, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed $ and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit the Person who shall be adjudged to pay the same to the Common Gaol or House of

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. no, m.

of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made before him, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, that there is just Cause to suspect that any One or more Person or Persons is or are, or hath or have been, concerned in making or counterfeiting such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, resembling or made with an Intent to resemble or look like any of the said Tokens respectively, so as aforesaid intended to be made or stamped, and issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or with Intent to pass as such, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice, to cause the Dwelling-house, Room, Workshop, Outhouse or other Building, Yard, Gardener other Place belonging to such suspected Person or Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such counterfeit Tokens respectively, or the Tools or Implements for counterfeiting or making such false or counterfeit Tokens respectively as aforesaid, or the Materials for making or stamping the fame, to be searched for such counterfeit Tokens, Materials, Tools and Instruments respectively; and if any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens, or any such Tools or Instruments, or any such Materials for making or stamping any such false or counterfeit Tokens, shall be found in any Place so searched, or if any such. Tools, Implements or Materials shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the fame by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever discovering the fame, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens, Tools, Implements and Materials, and carry the fame forthwith to a Justice of the Peace of the County, City, District or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof, and after such time as any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, or any such Tools, Implements or Materials shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such Parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so seized, and not made use of in Evidence, shall forthwith by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of, as such Court or such Justice shall direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Con vision of any Offender against this Act before any Justice of the Peace, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance or under Colour of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing, to the Person or Persons against whom the fame is intended to be brought or commenced; nor shall any such Action or Suit be brought or commenced after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender of Amends shall be made or tendered to the Party or Parties aggrieved; an<F every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County, City or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced before Fourteen Days Notice shall be given thereof as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Amends was made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfnit, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover 'Preble Cods, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colls of Suit in other cades by Law.

Cap. cxr.

An Act for permitting Sir William Bishop and George BiJfjop to continue, until the Fifth Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufacture of Maidjlotie Geneva; for

charging the fame with certain Duties j and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of this Session,

for empowering the Lords Commissioners> of the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from

Sugar from the Excels of Duties therein mentioned.

[26th June 18f I.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things to continue several Laws, one thereof, relating to the per-

mitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, it was enacted, among other things, that an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, jin jifl to continue and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as bermils Sir William Bishop, George Bishop and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maid (tone

*Geneva

473

Imprisonment,

Sec.

SuspefledHouses m.iy be searcht d, and Tools and Counterfeit Tokens feiaed.

Pr ceedings no£ quashed for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cost*.

44 G. 3. c. 35.

15.

474

Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva may be carried on rill July 5, 1813.

Duties,

Additional Duties paid till XI Months after Ratification of a Definitive Treaty.

Duties under Commissionert of Excise.

How paid.

C. hi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 181 r.

Geneva; which said Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid was to commence and take Effect from and immediately after the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and continue in force for the Space of Five Years, to be computed from that Day, should be and the fame was thereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas the said Arglcs 4 B't/bop has quitted the said Dillillery and Premises at Maidstone, mentioned in the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said Sir William Bishop and George BJhop are become possessVd of the Dillillery and Prcinifes, and the said Sir William Bishop and George Bishop are desirous to carry on the Minufadure of and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva in the said Dillillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, under and subject to the Duties by this Act in that Behalf imposed, and under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restridior.s, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Sir William BJhop, George Bishop and Argles Bishop, carried on the Manufacture of and made Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva: And whereas it is expedient to allow the said Sir William Bishop and George Bishop to carry on such Manufacture, and to make such Spirits for 4 a limited time; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Sir William Bishop and George Bishop, and the Survivor of them, possessed of the said Dillillery and Premises, to carry on the Manufacture of and to make Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Dillillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, under and subject to the Duties by this Act in that Behalf imposed, and under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, RellriClions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled or ellabliihcd by any Act or ACI3 of Parliament in force immediately before the Expiration of the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, for the said Sir William Bishop, George BJhop and Argles Bishop, carrying on the Manufacture of and making Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said Dillillery and Premises; and the said Rules, Regulations, Rc-ftridions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, shall be and the same are hereby directed to be applied and praCliled and put in Execution to and for the carrying on the Manufacture of and making Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva by the said Sir William BJhop and George Bishop in the said Dillillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, and securing the Duties by this Act in that Behalf imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures had been repeated and specially re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and hereby applied to the said Sir William Bishop and George Bishop, and the carrying on the Manufacture of and making Spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva by them the said Sir William Bishop and George BJhop in the said Dillillery and Premises at Maidstone aforesaid, and the Duties by this Act in that Behalf impofea.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied and collected the following Duties of Excise; that is to say.

For every One hundred and twenty Gallons of \Va(h, which they the said Sir William BJhop and George BJhop, or the Survivor of them, possessed of the Dillillery and Premises in which the said George BJhop deceased (a) carried on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva vX Maidstone aforesaid, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Com, including the Bran thereof, and uot exceeding One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois, Two Pounds Two Shillings and Four pence: (a) [Wo such Person as George Bishop

deceased is mentioned before.']

For every Gallon of Wash in the Possession of the said Sir William BJhop and George BJhop, or the Survivor of them, at any time when Thirty Gallons of any Wash so in their Possession taken and diddled by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions and under the Authority of the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, as shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits at the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, One Shilling and Five pence.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised and collected, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, the additional Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, over and above the Duties hereinbefore imposed; that is to say,

For every One hundred and twenty Gallons of Wash which the said Sir William BJhop and George BJhop, or the Survivor of them, possessed of the said Dillillery and Premises, shall produce from a Weight of Malt or other Com, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois, Fifteen Shillings:

And for every Gallon of Wash in the Possession of the said Sir William P Shop and George Bishop, or the Survivor of them, at any time when Thirty Gallons of any Wash so in their Possession taken and distilled by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions and under the Authority of the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits at the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, Six pence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties for or in respect of any such Wash which they the said Sir William Bishop and George BJhop, or the Survivor of them, possessed of the said Dillillery and Premises, shall so produce from such Weight of Malt or other Corn as aforesaid, and for or in respect of any Wash which shall be so found in the Possession of the said Sir William Bishop and George BJhop, or the Survivor of them, and shall produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits as aforesaid by this Act imposed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, and shall be paid by the said Sir William BJhop and George Bishop, and the Survivor of them, at such times and

in

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C.m — 114. 475

in such manner as the Duties imposed by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present 43 G.3.C 69. Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in an<* 43 G- 3«

lieu thereof s and by another Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled, An Act for c*81* granting to His Majesty until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, for or in respect of Wash which the said Sir William Bishop,

George Bishop and Argles Bijhob, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, possessed of the said Distillery and Premises, should produce from such Weight of Malt or other Corn, as in the said last mentioned Acts respectively mentioned, or for or in respect of Walh which should be found in the Possession of the said Sir William Bijhob, George Bishop and Argles Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them; and should produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits as in the said last mentioned Acts respectively mentioned, were payable under and by virtue of the said Two last mentioned Acts respectively; and the said Application of several Duties by this Act imposed as in that Behalf aforesaid shall respectively be appropriated and applied Duties.

to the same Uses and Purposes, and in the same manner as the said recited Duties so imposed by the said Two Acts made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were by Law respectively directed to be appropriated and applied.

4 V. And whereas by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament to empower the Lords Commissioners of Cip*4a.tnte, f* 4 the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excess of the Duties therein mentioned,

4 it is, among other things, recited, that an Act therein mentioned, made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, expired on the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten,

and that by the Expiration thereof the former high Duties imposed by Two several Acts therein mentioned,

4 of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and also the high Duties imposed by an Act made ' in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for or in respect of such Spirits, and the several

other Matters and Things in the said Act of this Session of Parliament in that Behalf specified, tpvived:

And whereas the said last mentioned high Duties were not imposed by an Act made in the Forty eighth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, but were imposed by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G. 3. c.ios.

present Majest's Reign, and it is therefore expedient to rectify the said Mistake; Be it therefore enacted,

That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be at Liberty to Treasury may exonerate and discharge all and every such Distiller and Distillers, and Maker or Makers of Spirits in England d&harge DistU-and Scotland respectively, as are in the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament in that Behalf mentioned, from, and to remit to them respectively, such and so much of the high Duties imposed by the said Act made Sutie* by*in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for or in respect of Wort or Wash brewed or made 46 G.3. for from Sugar, and distilled since the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ten 5 Wash brewed and also all and every such Distiller and Distillers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from so much from Sugar, and of the said high Duties imposed by the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for or in respect of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland for Consumption in Scotland from Sugar or any Mixture £C^they flwU therewith; and for and in respect of the cubical Content of any Still or Stills used or employed in Scotland, reatooabK

for the Purpose of making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith; and for and in respect of Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, as shall exceed the Amount of the Duty which would have accrued or become payable under or by virtue of the said Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign* had the fame remained and continued in force 5 and from any presumptive Charges as to such Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall under the Circumstances of each and every such case appear to them to be just and reasonable; any thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

[26th June 1811.]

44 TREASURY empowered to raise ^3, 000, 000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

C — $ 1, 2. Principal of said Bills charged on First Supplies of next Session. §3. Interest thereon of 3\d.

per Cent.per Diem. $ a. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &c. after Abril 5, 1812. $ 5. Bank of England empowered to advance £$, 000, 000 on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M.

44 c. 20. — §6.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[26th June 1811.]

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to permit the Services of the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon to be extended to Ireland.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS it would conduce to the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom if the SerVV vices of the Regiment of Miners of the Counties of Cornwall and Devon were extended to all Parts

of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the R.-

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, jv^JTlLwe to and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who may be commissioned, raised and enrolled in and for serve in til Parts the Regiment of Miners, at any time after the passing of this Act, whether by Ballot or otherwise, under any of United Kina*

Act»

47<5

Instead of Oaths preferred hjr A2 G. 3. c. 71. - the following O.ths.

<5ath for ballotted Men.

Oath for Sub-(litutes or Volunteers.

Serjeants Corporals and Drummers, to take the following Oath.

41 G. 3. c. 7a. and all Alts relating to Regiment of Miners extended to this

a a.

43 G. 3 c. 47-&c. to apply to ]< rlief ol Wives and Families of Ballotted Men.

fUnk, &c.

Half Pay-

Chelsea Hospital.

Widows Pensions.

l.ength of Service in Ireland.

Provffb,

C.H4. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Act now in force, or which may hereafter be in force for raising Men for the said Regiment, shall be liable to serve in all Pa ts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing contained in any Act relating to the said Regiment of Miners respectively to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, so much of the Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising n Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during tlxe present War, and for more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, as prescribes the Form of Oaths to be taken by Persons ballotted, and by Substitutes and Volunteers raised under that Act, shall be repealed, and instead thereof every Person who shall be raised by Ballot for the said Regiment under anvr Acts in force at the passing of this Act, or under any future Act, and appearing and serving in Person, (tiall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, in any

Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of the fame during the time of

Five Years, for which 1 am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every Person raised under any of the said Acts, cither as a Substitute, Hired Man or Volunteer, or other wise than by Ballot, shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and fa-ear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of the fame during the time

of Five Years, or for such further time as the said Regiment shall remain embodied, if within the Space of

Five Years His Majesty shall order and direct the same to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be

foonep discharged.*

III. And be it further enacted, That ivery Person who shall be appointed to serve as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the Regiment of Miners, to be established under this Act for extended Service, shall take the following Oath*:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon, in any Part of the United Kingdom for the Defence of the fame, until I shall be legally discharged.*

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Regiment of Miners to be raised under this Act shall be raised under the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, and in every other Act or Acts relative to the said Regiment of Miners, so far 39 the fame or any of them were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and are not hereby altered; and all Powers and Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said several last mentioned Acts shall, as far as the fame were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and are applicable and are not hereby altered or repealed, be in force for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall respectively relate to the Regiment of Miners to be so raised for Service in the United Kingdom, as if the fame were expressly re-enacted and contained herein.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England when called out into actual Service, or in any other Acts relative to granting Relief to the Wives and Families of Persons serving in the Militia of England, shall, as far as the same are extended and relate to Allowances to the Wives and Families of Ballotted Men of the said Regiment of Miners, be in force, and respectively relate to the Wives and Families of Persons to be hereafter ballotted to serve, and thereupon penonally serving in the said Regiment, under the Provisions of this Act or any future Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Regiment of Miners to be raised in manner aforesaid for extended Service shall be entitled to the fame Rank, Privileges and Exemptions, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as the said Regiment of Miners now are respectively entitled or subject to under any Act or Acts now in force relating to the said Regiment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of the said Regiment of Miners whose Service shall become extended to all Parte of the United Kingdom by virtue of this Act, who shall be disabled in actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay according to their Ranks; and all Non commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Force so disabled, shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital; and the Widows of all such Commissioned Officers killed in Service shall be entitled to receive such Pensions for Life as are given to Widows of Officers in His Majesty's Regular Forces.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or Corps of such Miners shall continue to serve in Ireland for any longer Period than Two Years successively; Provided always, that in case of any actual Invasion of or Rebellion in Ireland, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ or to retain in Ireland, during the Continuance of such Rebellion or Invasion, any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Miners, although such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may have previously to the Suppression of such Rebellion or Invasion served its full Period of Two Years 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that so soon as any such Invasion or Rebellion shall have been defeated or suppressed (the same to be signified by His Majesty's Proclamation), every such Regiment, Battalion or Corps which shall thea have served its full Period of Two Years shall return to Great Britain.

12 IX. And

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII III. C. 114, 115.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or Corp3 of such Miners, shall be called upon to serve in Ireland, until His Majesty's Pleasure shall have been signified by the Secretary of State.

X. And whereas it is expedient that His Majesty shouM be empowered in the mean time and until a Regiment of Miners for Service in the United Kingdom shall have been raised and enrolled by virtue of this Act, to avail himself of such voluntary Offers as may from time to time be made by the present Regiment of9Miners, or by any Part or Parts of the fame, to extend their Services into all Parts of the United Kingdom,

for the better Protection and Defence thereof; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ in any Part of the United Kingdom, under the Regulations and Restrictions and in the Proportions specified in this Act, such Part of the present Regiment of Miners as may make a voluntary Offer, duly certified by their Commanding Officer, of extending their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom and as His Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State directed to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, to propose to such Regiment, or any Part or Parts thereof, to extend their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom, under such Rules and Regulations as His Majesty may think fit to appoint.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Bounty, not exceeding Two Guineas, shall be allowed to every Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man, who shall make such voluntary Offer as aforesaid; and that every Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall, if he shall hare been originally chosen by Ballot to serve in the said Regiment, take the following Oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon in any9 Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of the fame, dunng the Re-t mainder of the Term for which I was enrolled to serve in the said Regiment within Great Britain, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

And every such Man shall be then and there enrolled to serve in the said Regiment in any Part of the United Kingdom as a Private Militia Man, until the Expiration of the Period for which he was originally enrolled to serve in Great Britain; and every Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, who shall have been originally enrolled to serve as a Substitute, Hired Man or Volunteer, shall be enrolled to serve in the United Kingdom for the Remainder of the time for which he was originally enrolled to serve in Great Britain, or for such further time as the said Regiment may remain embodied; and shall take the following Oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty f King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall Devon, in any

Part of the United Kingdom, for the Defence of the fame, during the Remainder of the time for which I9have been enrolled to serve in the said Regiment within Great Britain, or for such further time as the said

Regiment may remain embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every Non-commissioned Officer and Drummer making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall also be enrolled to serve in the said Regiment in any Part of the United Kingdom, and shall take the Oaths hereinbefore directed to be taken by all Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers who may hereafter be enrolled to serve in the Regiment of Miners in any Part of the United Kingdom by virtue of this Act, and such several Enrolments shall take place, and such Oaths shall be administered, at such times and under such Regulations as His Majesty, by any Order to be signed by the Secretary of State, shall in that behalf direct or appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That previous to the certifying of such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, the Commanding Officer shall have explained to the Persons making the same, that the fame if made i9 purely voluntary on their Part 5 and that no Person serving in the said Regiment can be compelled to make such Offer, or to engage to serve out of that Part of the United Kingdom for which he is enrolled and serving, except by his own Consent so signified as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Rules and Regulations contained in this Act, relating to Persons who may hereafter be commissioned, raised and enrolled in the Regiment of Miners for Service in the United Kingdom, shall be applicable to all Persons now serving in the Regiment of Miners who may make a voluntary Offer of extending their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom in manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for amending the Act Forty third George Third, to promote the building, repairing or otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,W an Act to promote the building, repairing or other wise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses9for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes: it was enacted, that every 51 Geo. III. 3 Q*' Person

477

Service in Ireland signified by Secretary of State.

The present Re.

gi'iK-nt of Miners may volunteer to Ireland.

Bounty to

blotters on extended Service.

Oath by ballotted Men.

Oaih by Substi-tntes or Volunteers.

Offers of Service voluutary.

Ad applicable t# all Persons now serving who shall offer.

Act may He altered, &c.

43/0.3- c. I0&

IT Majesty mr.v velt Lands in any Potfon for buildiny or repairing Church r*r Chapel, or House for Refi* dence of MU niftar.

9 H. 3. c. 36. x Ann. Scat. x. c. 7.

No Gram to exceed Five Acres.

Any Person having Fee Simple of Manor may frant Five Acres of Waste for EccleH.iftkal Purposes.

Grants xritrtted to Parochial Chur&esor Ghapek

C. 115. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Perfvin and Persons having in his or their own Right any Eft ate or Interest in Possession, Reversion or

Contingency of or in any Lands or Tenements, or oT any Property of or in any Goods or Chattels, should have full Power, Licence and Authority, by Deed in rolled, in such manner, and within such time as is directed in England by the Statute made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and in Ireland by the Statute made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First,

for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales; or by his, her or their iaft Will or Testament in Writing, duly executed according to Law, such Deed or such Will or Testament being duly executed Three Calendar Months at lead before the Death of such Grantor or Testator, including the Days of the Execution and % Death, to give and grant to and vest in any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, all such his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property in such Lands or Tenements not exceeding Five Acres, or Goods and Chattels, or any Part or Parts thereof, not exceeding in Value Five hundred Pounds, for or towards the erecting, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing or providing any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rights of the said united Church are or shall be used or observed, or any Mansion House for the Residence of any Minister of the said united Church, officiating or to officiate in any such Church or Chapel, or of any Outbuildings, Offices, Church Yard or Glebe for the fame respectively, and to be For those Purposes applied accor ding to the Will of the said Benefactor in and by such Deed enrolled, or by such Will 01 Testament executed as aforesaid expressed (the Consent and Approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained), and in Default of such Direction, Limitation or Appointment, in such manner a9 shall be directed and appointed by the Patron and Ordinary, with the Consent and Approbation of the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent; and such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, should have full Capacity and Ability to purchase, receive, take, hold and enjoy for the Purposes aforesaid, as well from such Persons as shall be so charitably disposed to give the fame, as from all other Persons as shall be willing to fell or alien to such Person or Persons. Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Powers and Provisions of the said Act will enable His Majesty to make any such Grant for the Purposes before tneutioned: And whereas it is expedient that the rowers of the said Act should be extended for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have full Power, Licence and Authority, by Deed or Writing under the Great Seal, or under the Seal of his Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, to give and grant and vest in any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, all such his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property in any Lands or Tenements within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, for or towards the erecting, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing or providing any Church or Chapel where the Lituigy and Rites of the said United Church are or shall be ufect or observed, or any Mansion House for the Residence of any Minister of the said United Church officiating or to officiate in any such Church or Chapel, or of any Out* buildings, Offices, Church Yard or Glebe for the fame respectively, and to be for those Purposes applied in and by such Deed as aforesaid expressed, the Consent and Approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained, and such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heir9 and Successors respectively, shall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy- for the Purposes aforesaid, any Lands or Tenements notwithstanding the Statbte of Mortmain, or the Act of the First Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty* Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any other Act or Acts, or other Impediment or Disability whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant more than Five Acres in any one Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid, ' or to alter or amend any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, which are not hereinbefore specially named and mentioned.

II. And bcit further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, seized of or entitled to the entire and absolute Fee Simple of any Manor, by Deed under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Person or Persons, and under the Seal or Seals of any such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and inrolled in the Court of Chancery, to errant to the Rector, Vicar or other Minister of any Parish Church and his Successors, or to the Curate or Minister of any Chapel and his Successors, any Parcel or Parcels of Land not exceeding in the whole the Quantity cf Five Statute Acres, Parcel of the Waste of such Manor, and lying within the Parish where such Church or Chapel shall be or shall be intended to be erected, or within any Extra-parochial District wherein any such Chapel shall be or shall be intended to be erected, for the Purpose of erecting thereon or enlarging any such Church or Chapel, or for a Church Yard or Burying Ground, or enlarging a Church Yard or Burying Ground for such Parish or Extra-parochial Place, or for a Glebe for the Rector, Vicar, Curate or other Minister of any such Church or Chapel, to ered a Mansion House or other Buildings thereon, or make other Conveniences for the Residence of such Rector, Vicar, Curate or other Minister, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all Rights of Common thereon, and any Statute prohibiting any Alienation in Mortmain, or other Statute, Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Grant whatsoever shall be made of any Land whatsoever, for any of the Purposes authorized by this Act, Unjef* the Church or Chapel for the Benefit whereof or of the Minister whereof such Giant shall be made shall )be a Parochial Church or Chapel for the Service of the United Church of England and Ireland, duly authorized by Law, or a Churth or Chapel duly consecrated for the Service of such Church, or erected* o»

14 to

479

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII III. C. 115, 116, 117.

to be erected for such Purpose by and with the Licence and Consent of the Ordinary of the Diocese wherein the same shall be.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a Piece of Ground within the Tower of London, to be used as an additional Burial Ground for Persons dying within the said Tower.

[26th June 1811.]

WHEREAS the Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Interment of Persons dying within the Towvr of London is incapable, in point of Room, of providing for the Burial of the Dead within the said Tower, and it hath therefore been found absolutely necessary that a Piece of Ground should be obtained for the future Interment of Persons dying therein: And whereas there is a Piece of Ground situate and being at the Distance of Six Feet from the Front Wall of the Grand Store Room, under the Small Armoury withiti the said Tower, which Ground is Part of the Piece of paved Ground commonly called by the Name of The Broad Walk, and contains in Length from East to West One hundred and Eighty seven Feet, and in Breadth from South to North Nineteen Feet and Six Inches, and abuts North, at the Distance of Six Feet, towards the Front Wall of the said Grand Store Room in Part, and in other Part, 4 at the Distance of Six Feet, towards a Way or Passage leading to the Jewel Office, South in Part on the Carriage Way between the Small Armoury and the White Tower, and in other Part on the Terrace and some Dwelling Houses in the Occupation of several Persons employed as Clerks in the Tower, East on am Engine House occupied by the Board of Ordnance, and West on the present Burial Ground; which present Burial Ground and a Slip of Ground Six Feet in Breadth and One hundred and eighty seven Feet in Length on the South of the Front Wall of the said Grand Store Room in Part, and on the South of the said Passage to the Jewel Office on other Part, together with the said Piece of Ground before particularly defenbed, constitutes the whole of the said Piece of paved Ground called The Broad Walk, and the ftiia Piece of paved Ground called The Broad Walk lies open and uninclosed on the South, except

where abutting on the said Dwelling Houses, and hath beep, frequently used as a temporary Depository for His Majesty's Stores, and as a Parade for His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers within the said Tower; And whereas the said Piece of Ground before particularly described, and so adjoining the present Burial Ground of the Tower of London as aforesaid, is equally adapted for the Purpose of burying Persons dying within the said Tower as the said Piece of Ground now used as the Burial Ground of the said Tower; And whereas the said Piece of Ground before particularly described as well as the said Piece of Ground now used as the Burial Ground are the Property of His Majesty in Right of his Crown, and are extraparochial and exempt from all Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, and it is necessary that Authority be given for uiing the said Piece of Ground before particularly described as an additional Burial Ground of the said Tower; but inasmuch as by reason of His Majesty's Estate and Interest therein the fame cannot be offered

without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bishop of London for the time being to consecrate, with the usual Ceremonies and Solemnities, the aforesaid Piece of paved Ground hereinbefore particularly described, containing in Length from East to West One hundred and eighty seven Feet, and in Breadth from South to North Nineteen Feet Six Inches, and abutting upon the said Piece of paved Ground now used as a Burial Ground as aforesaid, to the Intent that the fame Piece of Ground so consecrated may from thenceforth for ever be used as and for a Burial Ground for the Interment of Persons dying within the said Tower of London.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Confecmtion, the said Piece of Ground so consecrated shall and may accordingly, for ever, be used as and for a Burial Ground for the Interment of Persons dying within the said Tower, in such and the same manner as the said Piece of open paved Ground, constituting the present Burial Ground of the said Tower, hath been heretofore used for the Interment of Persons dying witlijo the said Tower.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the 'Cortfolidated Fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[26th June imi,]

I. £ 5 .oooo.cco 0 0

II. 356.787 11

III. 996, 927 18 4i

IV. 8, oco, coo 0 0

Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund. Surplus of Cor.folidated Fund on 5th Jan. 1811 Ditto 5th April 1811

Part of the Sum remaining in the Exchequer to complete 19, 500, 000l. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 18 to

iQ 2

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for

1811.

V.

Bishop of London may conle-cwte Piece of Ground;

after Confecre* ti< », u'ed f« r Burial Groui.d.

C. i

v.

vr.

VII.

VIII.

IX,

X.

[7*

£ 20, 000, 000

o o

5i* GEORGII III.

From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under 43 G. 3. c. 70.

Excise on Tobacco, See. 46 G. 3. c. 39.

- Duties on Property — c. 65.

Excise on Brandy 47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 27.

49G. 3. C. 98.

A.D. 1811.

Customs

Additional Duties of Customs 51 G. 3.

- Duty on Linen -

-Duty on Copper

New Duties 011 Importation of

'43-c 44-

67.

2, 804, 700 o o

' 93-

Hides in the Hair Additional Daties of Customs, on Fir Timber -

Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for .18jo, fvtbscribed to be funded pursuant to the Refolu-tion of the House of Commons of 15th March 1811

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 181 r.

420, 364 o o From Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores

The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Penfton Ad, not exceeding

For Naval Services herein after expressed.

Set § X.

3, 000, 000 0 0

10, 500, 000 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

4, 981, 300 0 0

6, 000, 000 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

12, 000, 000 0 0

Lotteries,

3, 000, 000 0 0

8, 000, 000 0 0

356.787 II 8*

996, 927 18 44

420, 364 0 o,

20, 000, 000 0 0

5, 000, 000 0 0

The following Sui

I , oco, oco 0 0

2, 500, 000 0 0

SI G. 3. c. c.

c. c. c c.

Exchequer Bills Ditto Annuities Exchequer Bills Ditto

Annuities (after remitting

4, 500, 000l. to Ireland, ) ----- --c. 49

(deducting One third for Ireland, ) — - c. 113 Exchequer Bills - - — c. 112

Part of Sum remaining to be received 15 th Feb. 181 if to complete 19, 500, 000l. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1810. granted above, § II.) granted above, $ III.) granted above, § VII.) granted above, § V.) granted above, § I, )

Appropriated to the Uses after expressfed.

Set § X., &c.

4, 500, 000 o o Snare of Lotteries 200, 000 o o Appropriation, via

Treasury Bills Annuities and Treasury Bills Annuities

Treasury Bills

coming into the Irish Exchequer under the Acts,

51 G. 3. c.y.

- C. 22.

- r.49.

- C.II3.

- c. 88.

J

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed.

See § XXVI, &c.

20, 935.894 IO 0

3.345.875 O 0

4453.312 IO 0

3.675.750 0 0

659, 750 0 0

i>578.«13 O 0

2, 046, 200 0 0

1, 113.894 O 0

2, 752, 662 6 0

352, 462 6 0

834.336 19 8

90, 000 0 0

32, 388 8 4

r 1

2

1

o

1

For Naval Services; that is to say,

For 145, 000 Men,1 A

For Victuals, - I vr

ForWear and Tear of Ships, \ wn^fr For Ordnance for Sea Service, J on 9

For Ordinary of Navy, including Half Pay For Building and Repairs of Ships of War and Extras -

For Provisions for Troops in Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Transports For Hire of Transports

For Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad -

For Prisoners of War in Health at Home and Abroad -

Ditto Sick -

For Salaries, Stationary and Contingencies of Transport Office - j

For 13 Months.

For the Year 1811.

1*150

A.D. 1811.

£ 1, 150 0 0

XI. 3, 000, 000 0 0

XII. 200, 000 0 0

XIII. 400, 000 0 0

XIV. 2, COO, OOOO 0 0

XV. 21, 287, 004 10 8

7, 299, 879 10

§: CO H 2

3, 098, 910 5 3

518, 29+ 4 10

32.507 5 7

281, 53+ H 7

221, 993 IO 0

2S.295 8 9

49+»354 18 9

61, 304 12 11

566, 022 7 9

704, 827 0 0

966, 225 n 8

*9497 16 6

*32.764 5 9

23.376 6 8

500433 18 5

283, 35* 12 1

12, 814 2 1

51

GEORGII III.

C. 117.

For Superannuations the Transport and other^For the Year 1811.

Offices - - J

For Great Britain, " to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as may u be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes qr Designs of His €t Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.1*

British Currency, " to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the u Exigency of Affairs may require for Ireland"

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty.

For Portugal, to enable His Majesty to continue to maintain in his Pay a

u Body of Portuguese Troops, and to give such further Aid and Assistance.M to the Government of Portugal as the Nature of the Contest in which His Majesty is engaged may appear to him to require.*

For Land Forces and other Services; that is to say,

For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except' in the East Indies, Foreign Corps in British Pay and embodied Militia For Five Troops of Dragoons and Eighteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India -

For embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall

For General and Staff Officers and Officers of Hospitals at Home and Abroad, and Charge of Garrisons -

For Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces For Principal Officers of several Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including British /Imerican Forces, and Scotch Brigade late in the Service of the States General For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including British yimeriean Forces For In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and A77-mainham Hospitals, and Expences of the Hospitals -

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land

Forces and Expences attending the fame in Great Britain and Ireland For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland For Local Militia Force in Great Britain For Foreign Corps in the Service of Great Britain and Ireland -

For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, including Allowance to retired Chaplain General and other Contingencies For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces, and Hospital Contingencies For Allowances on the Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Forces, and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not intitled to Pensions, including Allowance as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to several Officers, and to the Relatives of certain deceased Officers For Barrack Department in Ireland For the Commissariat and Forage for the Cavalry in Ireland

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland in respect of their having held Publick Offices of a Civil Nature -

<£370

From 25th Dec. 1810, to 24th Dec, 1811.

481

C. 117

A.D. 1811.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

51° GEORGII III.

*37<> 0 0

482.025 0 0

2, 6 48, 260 16 0

494f)0 0 0

627, 098 x9 5

3, 200, 000 0 0

17, 061 3 0

3, 412, 211 11 10

<5.593 6 9

190, 836 8 1

188, 793 1 9

61, 550 2 5

*9493 f9

j 2, 485

8

10

10

9

2, 708 4 o

10, 5 ov 00 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

8, 000, 000 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

4*0, 300 0 0

2>53°*5°° 0 c

11, 632 4 3

Civil Ellabliffiment

3, 400 0 0

1, 030 0 0

6.0 0 0

10450 0 0

J 2, 965 0 0

5, 600 0 0

2, 06 d 0 0

3>ioo 0 0

3.90 t 0 0

*5 0

14.495 11 6

i°7j65o 1 ii

5, 766 I 2 0

From 25 th Dec. 1810, to 24th Dec. 1811.

For the Year 181 r.

From 25 th Dec. 1809, to 24th Dec. 1810.

For the Year 1811.

> From 25th May i8it, to 24th Dec. following.

For the Year 181 r.

For Allowance to Two retired Clerks formerly employed in the Office of Comptrollers of Army

Accounts

For barrack Department in Great Britain For Commissary in Chief's Department For Store Keeper General's Department Fcfr Extraordinary Expences of the Army not provided for

For Extraordinary Expences of the Army of Great Britain and Ireland For Allowance in addition to Pay of Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and Captains of embodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland For Office of Ordnance for Laud Service for Great Britain For Ditto not provided for in 1808.

Ditto - in 1809.

Ditto - in 1810.

For Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on Account of Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, Half Pay of reduced Officers,

Allowances to retired Officers and to Officers for good Services, and Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to j Ordnance Military Corps - - I

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain in respect of their having held any Publick Offices or Employments -, v 0

of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows Pensions f For the Year j8lr For Office of Ordnance for Ireland For Office of Ordnance for Ireland on Account of Pay of retired Officers of late Irish Artillery and Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame -

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having held any Publick Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows Pensions For discharging outstanding Exchequer Bills under 50 G. 3. c. 2.

Ditto - c. 3.

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1810.

Ditto ... 50 G. 3. c. 114.

Ditto - — c. 69.

Ditto - c. 113.

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Addrefics of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament, f, viz.

Bahama Islands Bermudas or Somers Islands Dominica Upper Canada

Nova Scotia

New Brunswick ... From

Cape Breton

Saint John in America^ now called Prince Edward Island

Newfoundland -

New South JVdies

Sierra Leone

l-or paying Annuities under 37 <7. J. e.\o.and7 Qn 42 G. 3. r. 8. - - -J r

Ditto - - - On loth OB. 1811.

j£ 28, 242

ill Jan. to Dec. 1811.

A.D. 181 i.

28, 243 o 25, 894 M

30.000 o

3»6co o

21.000 o 6, oco o

6.000 o

1, 88c

5 >000 0

175.000 o

30.000 o 78, 700 o

12.000 o 7, 909 1 a 3, 300 o 2, 100 o

178, 752 a

11.000 o o

3435 o o, 017 169*3*8 5 4

17.000 o o

4*4 o

177 O O

3559o 4»43° 6 o 624 10 o 227 13 o

79 3 o

428 15 o 2, 5829o>151 8 o

533 14 o

51 GEORGII III.

Ci 17. 483

From$th Dee. 1810 to 24th Dec. 1811.

o o

For the Year t8iu

4*>oo o o

For Royal Military College For Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea f

For Erection of Royal Military College at Sand-] hur/f near Blacbwater in Surrey For Expences incident to the Two Houses of Parliament

For Printing for the House of Lords, and for printing Acts of Parliament For printing 1, 750 Copies of 63d and 64th Volt, of Journals of House of Commons Towards reprinting Two Volumes of Journal and Two Volumes of Reports of the House of Commons

For Salaries to certain Officers of Two Houses of Parliament -

For extraordinary Expence* for Prosecutions, &c.

relating to the Coin of this Kingdom For paying Fees on passing publick Accounts For foreign and other secret Services For Law Charges

For confining, maintaining and employing Convicts at Home

For Publick Office in Bow Street For Superin tendance of Aliena For Stationary for the Two House of Parliament For printing Votes of the House of Commons during the present Session. For Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, Dutch' and Corftcan Emigrants, Saint Domingo Sufferers and American Loymfifts For Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons, and Over* payments

To Sheriffs for Convictions

For the Year 181 r.

To make good Defi-, ciency of Grant in 1810

of Felons and Overpayments.

For extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions, &c., relating to the Coin of this Kingdom.

To pay charitable and other Allowances to thel v v

Poorof Saint Marlin in tie Field, r, et al. - j For the Year , 5h

To George Saunders Esquire, to discharge in part outstanding Demands of Artificers for Works done at Somerset Place.

To Thomas Nettle/bip Esquire, for publishing average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for One Year to iff 03.1810.

To Henry Dealtry Esquire* as a Remuneration for his Services as Clerk to the Commissioners for ascertaining the saleable Offices in the Courts <*i of Law.

3 To Charles Grooby and Francis William Barron for lighting Lamps roundg New Square in Palace Yard Westminster^ from 7 th September 1807 to Q 2d June 1810.

To William Chiunery Esquire, for Deficiency of Grant for 1810, for Expences attending the confining, maintaining and employing Convids at Home.

To William Chinnery Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by T. Dumarefq and T. Le Briton, on account of Allowances granted for their Trouble, &c. in attending the Privy Council respecting the Island of Jersey.

To William Chinnery Esquire, to be paid over to Captain Aberdown and others, for Expences attending Committee of House of Commons on late Expedition to the Scheldt

To William Chinnery Esquire to discharge Me firs. Blanchard*1 and Ramsay's Expences on the Holyhead Committee in Session 1810.

To Join France Esquire, for his Affi&ance in forming an Index, to the Rolls of Parliament.

To Edward Stracey Esquire for Sendees attending as. Counsel upon Chairman of Committees of House of Peers during Session 1810.

To Thomas Brodie Esquire for Salaries and other incidental Expences in forming an Index to Journals of the House of Peers, for One Year to yth July 1810.

To Thomas Brodie Esquire, for Trouble in forming an Index to Journal* of the House of Peers for One Year to 5 th July 1810.

*4, 640

3

o

8

8

C. 117.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

£4, 640 II 0

805 7 0 s 0 u. 0

1.582 8 6 D O

475 »49O

2, 631 4 6 0 c 0

219 H 0 S 8 So

949 19 0 Ci C3 e

1, 248 14 0 0 H

9, 280 5 0 For

To James Read Esquire for Estabti fitment of Horse Patrole for better Security of Publics. Roads leading to the Metropolis forThree Quarters of a Year to 5th Jan. 1811.

To Doflor Thomas Brooke Clarke for Trouble and Attendance in receiving and arranging Returns to Privy Council of Non-resident Clergy for One Year and half to 5th Jan. 1811.

To William Watson Esquire, Serjeant at Arras to House of Lords, for Services during Session 1810.

To William Chinnery Esquire, for Messrs. Gurney's Expences on Committees of Houses of Parliament in Session 1810.

To Lord Walsingham for Services as Chairman of Committees of House of Peers during Session 1810.

To John Clementson Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms to House of Commons, for One Year's Rent of a House in lieu of Apartments re-signed at the House of Commons.

To Magistrates oiThames Police Office for further Expences incurred in carrying into effect the Plan for the better Security of Shipping in the Port of London.

To Peter Grant Esquire, Secretary to Commissioners of Military Enquiry, for Expences of said Commissioners in carrying the Act into Execution.

21, 500 o o

4, 000 o o

4, 500 4, 800 1, 600, 000 30/>00

100, 000

9*500

5*000

2, 115

2, 118

16.000

4, 400

6, 000

3>oooo

20.000

o o

o o

o o

13 5

o o

o o

40, 000 o o

7, too o o

5*720

10, 500

3.000

6.000

10

o

II

o

> For the Year 1811.

For Works already executed at the New Mint, to complete Buildings and Offices there and to fur-ui(h them with lemaining Fixtures For additional Machinery fixing by Mailer Rennie, and other Works by Messrs. Bolton and Watt at the New Mint -

For Expence of the Tunnel at the New Mint For Board of Agriculture -

For discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills.

To defray probable Amount of Bills drawn from New South Wales, in the coirrfe of the Year 1811.

For Relief of the Inhabitants of such Parts of Portugal as have suffered by the Invasion of that Country by the French.

For extra Charge for Contingencies of Three Se- cretaries of State For extra Charge for Messengers of Three Secretaries of State -

For Bills of the Uffier of the Court of Excheqver, " for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary 5 for keeping io repair the said Court, and for accustomed Fees or Allowances to the several Officers thereof Ditto -

To pav Bills drawn for Allowances to certain retired Dutch Officers paid by General Santaz For Bills drawn from strfey on account of Allowances to certain French Emigrants resident there For Allowances to certain Corsican and Toulonefe Emigrants -

For Repair of Henry the Seventh's Chapel.

For Roads and Bridges in Highlands in Scotland* under 43 G. 3. c. 80.

For making an Inland Navigation from the Eafhrn to the Western Sea by Jnverne/s and Fort WiU Ham -

For Works in progress at the Houses of Parliament

For rebuilding Light House and making an Oil Light at Heligoland.

For Compensation to Commissioners appointed to' enquire into the Public Expenditure in certain Military Departments

For National Vaccine Establishment For Royal Vault and Chapter House erecting at Windsor -

15 £ 25, 000

For the Year 1811.

For the Year 1810.

- For the Year 1811.

For the Year 1811.

For the Year 1811.

For the Year 1811.

A.D. 1811.

£25, 000 o O 104. 6 3 16, 000 o tt

4.000 o o

5.000 o o

1.000 o o

12, 000 o 0

5.000 o o 4*545 2 10

47*383 7 2

7, 999 19 8

4*635 4*

5i6 GEORGII III.

C.nj.

6, 207

o o

5, 826 8 8" 4*63 2 o

100, 000 o o

4»3°° o o

1, 000 o o 5, 856 5 o XXVI. Irt/b Currency.

250 o © 200 o o

200 O O

15° O O

200 O O 200 O O

25, 000 O O

2, 200 O O

2, 500 O © 9, 4819a

1/347 10 2 3, 79* o o

XXVII.

For rebuilding public fEdifices in the Island of? v o*

TrmuU, destroyed by Firein 1808 .f For tie Y«r .8il.

Deficiency of Graut for defraying the Expences of Printing for the House of Commons in j8io.

For Printing Bills, &c. by Ordier of House of Commons during the present Session.

For Repairs and Works at the King's Bench Prison, for the Year i8it.

For repairing the Crinan Canal, in conference of an Inundation in the Year x811.

For Bounties. Ike. fdr taking and bringing Fish to 7 t v o'tix'CitktotLmJmznifo'SmhJlJ..f For th. Yar 1*11.

For rebuilding Bethlem Hospital, upon a Scale fofbcieiit for the Reception of Two hundred Patients.

For the Improvement of Holyhead Harbour 1

For Improvements near to tVcstminster Hally &c. I

under 46 G. 3. c. 89. > For the Year 18*1.

For Buildings for a Naval Asylum, and Mainte- j nance of said Institution J

For Trustees of British Mufeunr.

To Mailer Samuel Davis for Rent and Losses fufrained on account of the* Marshalsea Prison.

For Half the Charge of eroding Bridges over the? - ' v 0 Rivers Creeand Kean in Scotland - .j For the Year , 8, r.

For Printing under the Record Commission.

For printing 1, 250 Copies of the 40th, 41st and 42d VoIb. of the Journals of the House of Peers.

To the Governors of Queen jtnne*s Bounty for the Poor Clergy.

For outstanding Demands for Works done at ©Id Marshalsea Ftilon between 1802 and 1810.

For Veterinary College, for the Year 1811.

For Works and Repairs of Military Roads in North Britain.

- [In Ireland.J

Inspector General of Imports and Exports, preparing Accounts of Ireland*

Firil Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts.

Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Assistant Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Examinator of Corn Bounties for keeping Account^.

Clerk in Auditor's Office, for preparing Accounts for Parliament.

For Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences from jth Jan. t8ii to 5th Jan. 1812.

For printing, &c. 2 co Copies of Public General Acts, 51 G.

Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin - J $ an1 I2-

Support of leceding Ministers from the Synod of^ From 25th March 181 J.

4, 000 o o Incidents of the Treasury

740 o o 20, 500 o o

3a>447 12 o 22, 392 6 8

2, 822 c o

40.000 o o

12.000 o o

10.000 o o

21, 600 o o 9*020 o ©

50.000 o o

10, 000 o o 5.G...U!" °

to 25th March 1812. 'From5th Jan. 1811, to 5th Jan. 1812. ^From 1st Dec. 1811, to ill June 1813.

XXVIII.

Clothing Battle Axe Guards

Proclamations and other Matters in the DubHn\ From 5th Jan. 1811, t<* Gazette, See. - - -J Cth Jan. 1812.

Board of Works in Ireland - - For the Year 181 r.

Printing, &c. for Secretaries* Offices, and other? From yth Jan. 1811, ttf Public Offices in Dublin Cattle. - -J 5th Jan^iStz*

For Lottery Officers for One Year due 24th June 18 ti. '

Harbour of Ho*wthy Works at.

Draining Bogs under 49 G. 3. c. 102.

Board oFFirtt Fruits for building Churches and? From 5th Jan, tSi r. to* Glebe Houses, and purchasing Glebes -J cth Jan. 1812.

Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufac-[ For One Year ending tures - -f 5th Jan. 1812.

Commissioners for making wide and convenient*From 5th Jan. 181J, to Streets in Dublin - - - \ fth Jan* 1812.

Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, towards building. See. Churches* and Chapels, See..-Dublin Society for promoting Huffiandry^ Stc. 7 From 5th Jan. i8ix, to*j Farming Society of Ireland - -f cth Jan. 1812.

5 R.

4B6 C. 117, 118.

XXIX.

*39-737 0 0

3»39 0 0

48, 584 0 0

i5»25 4 0 0

3.255 0 0

1, 602 0 0

*'973 0 0

7.4* 1 0 0

5, 880 0 0

3»I9.3 0 0

1, 000 0 0

559 0 0

600 0 0

1, 381 0 0

2, 500 0 0

4.000 0 0

51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

For Protestant Charter Schools Foundling Hospital in Dublin House of Industry, Hospitals and Asylum for In-duftrious Children in Dublin Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children at Dublin

Marine Society -

Female Orphan House near Dublin Roman Catholic Seminary IVtJlmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin

For crcfting Building»_at the East Wing of Sir Pa- 1 prom Jth , gn>

5th Jan. 1812.

As in former Acts.

Half Pav al-

trick Dun9s> Hospital in Dublin Lying-in Hospital in Dublin For 180 Patients in House of Recovery and Fever Hospital in Dublin Doctor Stevens's Hospital at Dublin For Office of Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests Association for discountenancing Vice Cork Institution

For Improvements and Repairs of Saint Patrick's Hospital -

XXX. Supplies shall be applied only to the Purposes authorized, &c.

XXXI. Rules for Application of Half Pay - - - -j*

XXXII. And whereas the Officers of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles engaged to serve in the said Corps upon a Stipulation contained in the Letter of Service under which they were raised, that they should be allowed to receive any Half Pay to which they might be entitled, notwithstanding their holding Subaltern Commissions in the said Corps, but no Provision has been made by Parliament for Payment of such Half Pay 5 and it is therefore expedient that Provision should now be made for Payment of the Arrears ?ay to Officers as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That Officers who are entitled

lowed*to Officers to Half Pay, and who accepted or held Subaltern Commissions in the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, of the Manx shall, notwithstanding their having had the full Pay of such Commissions, be entitled to receive the Arrears

Fencibles. of such Half Pay for any Year or Time in which they shall not have before been allowed to receive the same,

upon taking an Oath before the Officer usually administering Oaths to Persons for the Purpose of their receiving Half Pay, that they had not in any Year or time for which such Arrear is claimed, any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides their Allowance of Half Pay, save and except their Pay as such Subaltern Officer of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, and taking the said Oath, shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay.

XXXIII. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments, who have been placed on Half Pay, have not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years, in consequence of being in Possession at the time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the fame were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though in Possession of Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the fame was private Patronage, and not derived from the Crown, and that they should also be allowed to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such former Years as aforesaid* Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains, who, after having been placed on Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year, in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Years, upon making Affidavit before the proper Officer for administering Oaths to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay, that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any such Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty; and the taking the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

XXXIV. Application of Overplus of Sum under 50 G. 3. c. 115. §14. to reduced 1^jn former Acts. Officers. - j

Half Pay allowed to Chap-bins of Regi. inents although in Pofifcflion of Ecdefiailical Benefices.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively.

[10. July 1811.]

XT THE RE AS it would materially conduce to the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, W if the Services of the present Regular Militia of Great Britain and the Militia Force of Ireland were extended to all Parts of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Men raised present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who may be commissioned, liable0 serve in rased and enrolled in and for the regular Militia of Great Britain, or in and for the Militia of Ireland, at any*oy Part of time after the passing of this Act, whether by Ballot or otherwise, uqder any Act now in force, or which VattedKingdom. may hereafter be in force for raising Men for the said Militia, shall be liable to serve in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing contained in any Act relating to the said Militias respectively to the contrary not with {landing.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 118. 487

II. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act so much of the A A passed in the Forty Oaths on Enrol, second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Law relating to the Militia in mem England, and for augmenting the Militia; so much of another A d paired in the Forty second Year, intituled, (KtuuVby

An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland; and so much of an Act passed in the Forty 4aG.j. c. 9. ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament $ 41. the federal Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland, respectively, as prescribe the Form of Oaths 4*G. 3 c. 9^1. to be taken by Persons ballotted, and by Substitutes and Volunteers raised under those respective Acts, shall $ 3$» J& be repealed; and instead thereof every Person who shall be raised by Ballot for the Militia in Great Britain or l9^'

Ireland, under any Acts in force at the passing of this Act, or under any future Act, and appearing and '

serving in Person, shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty Oath of ballotted King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Men.

Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of the fame, during the time of Five Years for which I am enrolled,

unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every Person raised under any of the said Acts, either as a Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, or otherwise than by Ballot, shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty Oath of SubstiKing George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great tute or Vofan-

Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of the fame, during the time of Five Years, or for such further time tcer*

as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of Five Years His Majesty shall order and direct

the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed to serve as a Serjeant, Corporal 41 0.3.90. or Drummer in the Militia to be established under this Act for extended Service, instead of the Oath directed $ 83. 4* G. 3. to be taken by any of the said recited Acts, by Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia, shall take c. 9*- f 77* the following Oath;

' J A B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I w; Il be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty Oath.

King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United Kingdom, for the Defence of the fame, until I shall be legally discharged.'

IV. And be it further enacted, That the regular Militia to be raised under this Act in England and Scot- Militia raised n land, and the Militia of Irelandf shall respectively be raised under the Provisions contained in the said recited under thtforms* Acts of the Forty second Year aforesaid, and in the said Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and in every other Act or Acts relative to the Militias of England, Scotland or Ireland, so far as the fame or any of them were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and are not hereby altered; and all Powers and Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said several last mentioned Acts shall, as far as the fame were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and are applicable, and are not hereby altered or repealed, be in force for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall respectively relate to the Militia to be so raised in England, and Scotland, and Ireland, for Service in the United Kingdom, as if the fame were expressly re-enacted and contained herein: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend the Provisions of any Acts which relate only to the Militia of England or Scotland respectively, to the Militia to be raised in Ireland, nor any of the Provisions of any Ad which relates to the Militia of Ireland only, to the Militia to be raised in England or Scotland.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in an PreviSoo* in Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating and amending 43 G. 3. c. 47* the several La ws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into aSual

Service; and in another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 49 o. 3. c. 90.

providing Relief for the IVives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into aSual Service;

and in another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to make Pro- 49 O. 3. c. 86.

vision, in certain Cases, for the IVives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes and Volunteers serving in the relative to Re-

Militia of Ireland, or in any other Acts relative to granting Relief to the Wives and Families of Persons

serving in the Militias of England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, shall, as far as the same relate to Allow-

ances to the Wives and Families of ballotted Men be in force, and respectively relate to the Wives and Families ra^cs of pclfonl

of Persons to be hereafter ballotted to serve, and thereupon per Tonally serving in the Militias of England, Scot- r.ifed under this

land and Ireland under the Provisions of this Act or any future Ad: Provided always, that nothing in this Atl.

Ad shall be construed to extend any of the Provisions of any of the said last mentioned Acts, which relate exclusively to the Wives and Families of Persons serving in the Militia of one of the said Parts of the United Kingdom, to the Wives and Families of Persons to be nereafter raised in either of the said other Parts of the United Kingdom for Service in the United Kingdom.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Force to be raised in England, Scotland and Ireland, in manner Called w Ths aforesaid, for extended Servcc, shall be called The Militia of the United Kingdom; " and the Parts of it to Militia of the be raised in Great Britain or Ireland shall be respectively entitled to the fame Rank, Privileges and Exemp- United King-tions, civil, military and religious, and subject to, the same Rules and Regulations, as the said Militias now ^oa1,

are respectively entitled or subject to under any Act or Acts now in force relating to the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of the said Militias whose Service shall Half Pay. become extended to all Parts of the United Kingdom by virtue of this Act, who shall be disabled in aduai Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay according to their Ranks; and all Non commissioned Officers, Drum-

3 R 2 mera

48 3

C. 118.

5i° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181t.

ChelfeaHofpkd* Widows Pen-(ioi)s.

1/imiting Period for which British or Itish Miiiaa to lerve in Ireland or G. B. respectively.

[Proviso.]

British or Trish Militia having once served in One Part of the United Kingdom not to serve there again hut In Rotation.

Militia not to lerve until His Majesty's Plea, lure signified.

His Majesty om< powered to employ prefen t Militia making a voluntary Off* 40 serve.

Bounty to Persons making voluntary Offers.

Oath.

Oath*

mers and Private Men of such Force so difabjed, shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital, find the Widows of all such Commissioned Officers killed in Service, shall be entitled to receive such Petitions for Life as are given to Widows of Officers in His Majesty's Regular Forces*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or Corps of British or Irish Militia shall continue to serve in Ireland or Great Britain respectively, for any longer Period than Two Years successively; and that no greater Number than One Fourth Part of the Militia of Great Britain shall at any one time be employed in Ireland\ nor any greater Number than One Third Part of the Militia of Ireland be it one time employed in Great Britain: Provided always, that in Case of any actual Invasion or Rebellion of and in any Part of the United Kingdom, it ffiaH be lawful for His Majesty to employ in Great Britain or Ireland, any Number of the said Militias of either Part of the United Kingdom which ne may deem necessary for defeating or suppressing any such Invasion or Rebellion, or to retain in either Part of the United Kingdom during the Continuance of such Rebellion or Invasion, any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militias of either Part of the United Kingdom, although such Regiment, Battalion or Corps may have previously to the Suppression of such Rebellion or Invasion served its Tull Period of Two Years in the other Part of the United Kingdom; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding 2 Provided always, that so soon as any such Invasion or Rebellion shall have been defeated or suppressed (the same to be signified by His Majesty's Proclamation) every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia which shall then have served its full Period of Two Years shall return to that Part of the United Kingdom for which it was originally serving.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or Corps of British or Irish Militia, having -once performed its Period of Service in Ireland or Great Britain respectively, shall be again liable to serve in Ireland or Great Britain respectively, until the Expiration of Six or Four Years respectively, to be calculated from the Termination of such Period of Service: Provided always, that in case of any actual Invasion or Rebellion of or in any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ in any Part of the United Kingdom any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of British or Irish Militia, although such Period of Six or Four Years respectively may not have elapsed since the Termination of its last Period of Service in Ireland or Great Britain respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of Great Britain shall be called upon to serve in Ireland, nor any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Irish Militia shall be called upon to serve in Great Britain, until His Majesty's Pleasure shall have been signified by the Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, as the case may be.

XI. And whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered, in the mean time and until the Militia of the United Kingdom shall have been raised and enrolled by virtue of this Act, to avail himself

of such voluntary Offers as may from time to time be made by any Regiments, Battalions and Corps of 1 Militia of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or by any Part or Parts of the fame, to extend their Ser-

vices into all Parts of the United Kingdom, for the better Protection and Defence thereof; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to employ in any Part of the United Kingdom, under the

Regulations and Restrictions and in the Proportions specified in this Act, such Part of the present Regular Militia of Great Britain, and the Militia of Ireland respectively, as may make a voluutary Offer, duly certified by their respective Commanding Officers, of extending their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom, and as His Majesty may think proper to permit to extend their Services in consequence of such voluntary Offers as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signed by the Principal Secretary of State, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by his or their Chief Secretary, directed to the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain or Ireland, to propose to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any Part or Parts thereof, to extend their Services to all Parts of the Uhited Kingdom, under such Rule3 and Regulations as His Majesty may think fit to appoint.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Bounty not exceeding Two Guineas shall be allowed to every Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man who shall make such voluntary Offer as aforesaid; and that every Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall, if he shall have been originally chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, take the foLowing Oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Defence of the fame, during the Remainder of the Term for which I was enrolled to serve in the Militia within Great Britain [or, Ireland, as the case may bc-\ unless I shall be sooner

di {charged/

And every such Man shall be then and there enrolled to serve in the Militia of the United Kingdom as a Private Militia Man, until the Expiration of the Period for which he was originally enrolled to serve in the Militia of Great Britain, (or Ireland, as the case may be) and every Private Man making such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, who shall have been originally enrolled to serve as a Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of the United Kingdom for the Remainder of the time for which he was originally enrolled to serve in the Militia of Great Britain (or, Ireland, as the case may be) or for such further time as the Militia may remain embodied; and shall take the following Oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia of Great Britain and Ir eland, for the Defence of the lame, during the Remainder of the time for which I have been enrolled to serve in the Militia within

Grt*

-489

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 118, 119.

Great Britain (or Ireland, as the case may be) Or for such further time as the Militia may remain embodied,

unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

And every Non-comraiflioned Officer and Drummer making* such voluntary Offer as aforesaid, shall also be enrolled to serve in the Militia of the United Kingdom, and shall take the Oaths hereinbefore directed to be taken by all Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers who may hereafter be enrolled to serve in the Militia of the United Kingdom by virtue of this Act; and such several Enrolments shall take place, and such Oaths shall be administened, at luck times and under such Regulations, as His Majesty, by any Order to be (igued by the Secretary -of State or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Secretary, shall in that behalf direct or appoint.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the said Militia of either Part of the United J&ingdom shall be compelled to make such Offer, or be engaged to serve out of that Part of the United King* idom for which he is enrolled and serving, except by his own Consent } and no Commanding Officer shall certify according to this Act any voluntary Offer previously to his having explained to every Person of the ^Militia offering so to serve, that the Offer is to be purely voluntary on his Part.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Rules and Regulations contained in this Act, redating to Persons who may hereafter be commissioned, raised and enrolled in the Militia of the United Kingdom, shall be applicable to all Persons now serving in the regular Militia of Great Britain or the Militia Force of Ireland respectively, who may make a voluntary Offer of extending their Services to all Parts of the United Kingdom in manner aforesaid*

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[As tv this Act not afftiling Cap. 20. ante* fee Cap. 128.post.]

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Forty second and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies} and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof} to continue in force until die First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parlia* nient.

[1st July 181 i/J

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- % tituled, An Act for repealing Two A3s, made in the Thirty second and Thirty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which was to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which, by another Act, made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

was continued until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be

repealed, and more effectual Provisions made in lieu thereof : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted} and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That the several Public Offices now established in the following Places, namely, the Parishes of Saint Margaret Westminster, Saint James Westminster, Saint James Clerkenwell, Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex, and at or near Saint Margaret*s Hill in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, shall be continued, and the several Persons appointed by His Majesty to execute the Office of Justice of the Peace at each of the said Offices, by virtue of the said Act, shall continue to execute the fame, together with such other Justices of the Peace for the said Counties respectively as may think proper to attend.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, upon

smy Vacancy in any of the said Offices, by Death or otherwise, to appoint other fit and proper Persons, being Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, to execute the Duties of the said Office in his Place 5 and that One or more of the said Justices so appointed as aforesaid, shall diligently attend at each of the said Publick Offices evejnr Day from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, ar'at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary; and that Two of the said Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid shall in like manner attend together at each of the said Offices from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Three in the Afternoon, and from Six of the Clock in the Evening -until Eight of the Clock in the Evening of every Day: Provided always, that the Attendance of One of the said Justices may be supplied during the Hours at which the Attendance of Two is required as aforesaid, by any other Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Middlesex or Surrey respectively.

Commanding Officer to explain that Offer to be voluntary.

Ad to apply to Persons making a voluntary Offer of extending Services.

Ad altered, &c,

42 G. 3- c. 7.

47 G. 3. Se(T. 9. c. 4*.

repealed.

The Seven Pub* lie Offices continued.

His Majesty may

appoint Ju t ices to fill up Vacancies.

Provish.

49°

J lattice taking Fees but at the Public Offices.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Fees for licensing Alehouses, and Peas taken at Office in Bovr Street.

6 <j. a. c. 31.

Account of Fees taken at the Seven Offices delivered monthly. Amount of Fees paid Receiver.

Penalties (Exception) recovered at Public Offices, paid to Receiver.

If Fees not accounted for. Receiver nuy due for lame.

C. 119. ji° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

IV. And be it enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Middle sex % County of Surrey, City and Liberty of Westminster^ or Liberty of the Tower of I*ondony or his or their Clerk or Clerks* or any Person for them, other than at the said Publick Offices, shall directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence or under any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Gratuity, Reward or Recompence, for any Act by him or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Justice or Justices of the Peace, Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary le lone, Paddington, Saint Poneras, Kensington and Saint Luke at Chelsea> in the said County of Middlesex, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered, One Moiety thereof to the Receiver appointed in the manner herein after mentioned, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed s Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Fees taken at any General or Quarter-Session9 of the Peace, or at any Meeting of Justices for the Purpose of licensing Alehouses, pursuant to an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy conviding Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence, or ta any Fees taken at a certain Public Office within the Liberty of Westminster, known by the Name of The Public Office in Row Street; or to any Fees taken by any Vestry Clerk or his Assistant, as Clerk to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting within the Parish in which such Justice or Justices reside, for the Purpose of enforcing the Payment of any Taxes or Assessments arising within the same Parish, or for the Purpose of hearing and determining any Offence cognizable before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the Special Regulation or Government of such Parish.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices so appointed to attend at the said Seven Public Offices as aforesaid, and their Clerks respectively, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true and particular Account of all the Fees taken and received at each of the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been recovered, levied or received, in pursuance of any Adjudication, Conviction or Order had or made, at any of the said Seven Public Offices, or any Process or Warrant issuing from the same; to which said Books and Accounts, the Receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned shall at all Times have free Access; and the said Justices shall once in every Month deliver unto such Receiver, such Account, verified upon Oath by such Justice or Justices, their Clerk or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex or County of Surrey, as the case may be; whick Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and shall pay and cause to be paid the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties and Forfeitures and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures as are or shall be limited and made payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or to any Description of Persons, other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for the fame, or any Party aggrieved, and which shall be recoverable in a fumraary way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices of the Peace at either of the said Seven Public Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the Receiver, to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, by the Justice, Clerk, Constable, Officer or other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such Receiver in manner herein after mentioned; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Justices appointed as aforesaid, or any other Person having received any such Fees at any of the said Seven Public Offices, shall neglect to account for and pay the same in manner aforesaid; or if any Justice, Justices Clerk, Constable, Officer or other Person, who shall levy or receive such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, shall neglect to pay the same into the Hands of such Receiver in manner aforesaid; or if any Person, having resigned such Office of Receiver or having been removed from the same, shall neglect, within Twenty one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for and pay into the Hands of the succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the fame, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case; in which Action it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Use of such Receiver for the Purposes of this Act, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may at the Discretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to special Bail, in such competent Sum as such Judge shall order and direct; and in any such Action against any such Person so liable to account as aforesaid, the said Court in which such Action shall be brought, may, if such Court shall think proper, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in Dispute, in a summary manner, to be audited by any Officer of the said Court, or other fit Person at their Discretion, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Person shall have Power to administer), and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall shew good Cause to the contrary, such Court may make such a Rule or Order, either for the Payment of such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due, or for (laying the Proceedings in such Caule, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the fame Court shall appear -eafonablr and

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 119.

just; or the said Court may order Judgment to be entered up by Confession for such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any Receiver continued or appointed by virtue of this Act, or of any Person having resigned or been removed from such Office, or of any of the other Persons whom the said Receiver for the time being is authorized to sue as aforesaid, then and in such case the Receiver for the time being may in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Defci iption of Office, sue for and recover such Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of such deceased Receiver or other Person, applicable to the Purposes of this Act, or the Executors or Administrators of such Person deceased; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in Substanceto state that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, or that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, whereby an Action accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the fame of such Executors or Administrators; and the like Action shall and may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators; in all which Actions, the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like manner and avail themselves of the like Matters in their Defence, as in any Action founded upon Simple Contrafts of the original Testator or Intestate; and in al! Actions to be brought by such Receiver by virtue of this Act, Proof of the Plaintiff's acting in the Execution of such Office shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding the fame, unless the contrary can be shewn in Evidence by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to direct the Salaries herein after mentioned, to be paid to the Justices so appointed to attend each of the said Seven Public Offices, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums for the Expences of the said Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks, Peace Officers and others therein employed, in such manner as to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall seem meet: Provided always, that the yearly Salary paid to each of the Justices shall be Five hundred Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatever; provided also, that the whole Charges attending the said Offices (the said Salaries being included), shall not exceed the annuaL Sum of Twenty one thousand Pounds, over and above the necessary Disbursements for hiring and repairing the Houses or Buildings wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver appointed by virtue of the Act hereinbefore recited and

repealed, may be continued in his said Office, (a) it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Receiver by Death or otherwise, to appoint any other proper Person, not being One of the Justices appointed to act at either of the Offices aforesaid, to be the Receiver of the said Seven Public Offices; which said Receiver, or the Receiver now appointed under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Act, shall keep an exact and particular Account of all such Monies as shall be received by him by virtue of any Provisions of this Act, and shall apply the fame Quarterly in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Offices, and the carrying this Act into Execution, and shall make all such Contrafts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the hiring, fitting up and furnishing proper and sufficient Houses or Buildings, wherein the said Seven Public Offices shall be held, in such manner as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of his or their Privy Council, shall think proper to direct and appoint; of which said Premises so to be hired, and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Necessaries to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, the Property or Interest so acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the time being, who shall and may in like manner fell, assign and dispose of the fame or any Part thereof, under the like Directions and Appointment as Occasion shall require; and such Receiver shall forthwith, after his Appointment, prepare proper Plans and Estimatcs of all such Contrafts and Disbursements as. shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary, of State for the Flume Department; and such Receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful* Matters and Things towards the Establishment of the said Seven Public Offices, and towards the carrying this Act into Execution, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their. Privy Council, shall from time to time think proper to direct. (a) [So in the original sffl.J

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Receiver shall every Six Months, and oftener if required, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the fame; which Account shall be verified upon Oath before any Justice or Baron of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Receiver, for his Care and Pains in the Execution of such Office, shall and may retain to his own Use, out of the Monies so received by him as aforesaid, such Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Pounds in each Year, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall direct and appoint: Provided always, that if it shall appear that the Monies hereinbefore directed to be applied by the said Receiver in discharge of the Salaries, Expence6 and Charges attending the said Seven Public Offices, and the carrying this Act into Execution as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray the fame, the Deficiency shall be made up and supplied out of the Consolidated Fund; and it at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus in the Hands of such Receiver, lie shall pay the Amount of such Surplus into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, to make such Alterations in the Places where any of the said Seven Public Offices shall be situated, or to make such. Alterations in the Hours of

Attendance

491

Receiver may sue for Money in Hands of deceased Receivers, and recover from Executors.

His Majesty in Council may order Salaries 'to Justices.

[Proviso.]

Receiver continted in Office, and in case of Death, His Majesty may appoint another. His Duty.

Receiver to render Account*

Allowance to Receiver.

Deficiency s provided for.

Consolidated

Fuad.

His Majesty in Council may alter Situation of Office*

What Acts may be done by Justice acting in next Public Office.

Justices incapable

vf fitting in Parliament.

Not to vote at any Election.

[Penalty.]

Limitation of Attiuu.

lattices to employ CoulUbles.

Proviso*

[Proviso.]

Receivers to pay Coni tables.

Constables may

apprehend ful-petted Persons.

17 6.2.65«

C. 119. ji0 GEORGII III. A.D. 18r f.

i

Attedance therein, and to make all fuclr other Regulations to be observed in condricting the fame, as he at they from time to time shall think proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, any Act is directed or authorized to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in or near or next the Parish or Place where any Offence, or other Matter cognizable before them shall be committed, or shall arise, the fame Jurisdiction shall and may be exercised by a Justice or Justices acting in such of the said Seven Public Offices as may be situated next or near such Parish or Place.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Justice of the Peace appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Continuance of such Appointment, be capable of being elected or of fitting as Member of the House of Commons.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Justice, Receiver or Constable, nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue of this Act shall, during the time he or they shall continue in their respective Offices, or within Six Months after he or they shall have quitted the fame, be capable of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster> or the Borough of Southwark respectively; nor shall byWord, Message, Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or to dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties or for the said City and Liberty of Westm\njler % or Borough of Southwark; and every such Justice, Receiver or Constable as aforesaid offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the fame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protestiort, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; such Action to be brought within the Space of One Year after such Offence so committed: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any such Justice, Receiver or Constable as aforesaid, to any Penalty or Penalties for any Act or Acts done by him or them, at or concerning any of the said Elections, in the Discharge of his or their Duty or Duties in their said respective Capacities.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice9 appointed as aforesaid shall, in their respective Offices,

retain and employ a sufficient Number of fit and able Men, whom they are hereby authorized and empowered to swear in to act as Constables, for preserving the Peace and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace within the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, as well by Night as by Day; which laid Constables so appointed and fwern as aforesaid, shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have by virtue of any Law or Statute now made or hereafter to be made 5 and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they shall from time to time receive from the said Justices for the apprehending Offenders or Otherwise conducting themselves in the Execution of their said Office or Employment % and such Justices or any Two of them shall and may at any time dismiss from his said Employment every such Constable belonging to their respective Offices, whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Duty or otherwise unfit ior the fame, and appoint such others in their Stead as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that no greater Number than Twelve shall at one and the same time be so retained as aforesaid, at any one of the said rublic Offices 2 Provided also, that if any Person so appointed a Constable as aforesaid shall be dismissed from his said Employment as aforesaid, all Powers and Authorities vested in him as a Constable under and by virtue of this Act, shall immediately cease and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver, out of the Monies hereinbefore directed to be applied in discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Public Offices, shall and may pay to the Constables so appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding One Guinea per Week, and any extraordinary Expences they shall appear to have been necessarilyr put to, in apprehending Offenders and executing the Orders of the Justices acting under and by virtue of this Act; such Extraordinary Expences being first examined and approved of by the Justices attending the Office in which such Constables shall have been respectively appointed-

XVIII. And whereas divers ill difoofed and suspected Persons and reputed Thieves frequent Places of

Public Resort, the Avenues leading thereto, and the Streets and Highways, with Intent to commit Felony on the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects there being and although their evil Purposes are

sufficiently manifest, the Power of His MajestyV Justices of the Peace, to demand of them Sureties for their good Behaviour, hath not been of fumcient Effect to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into Execution; 9 Be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Patrole or Watchman, to apprehend every such Person, and convey him or them before any Justice of the Peace 5 and if it shall appear before the said Justice, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons so brought before him by such Constable, Headborough, Patrole or Watchman, or by any other Person whatever, as well within the said Counties of, Middlesex and Surrey as elsewhere, is or are a Person or Persons of evil Fame and a reputed Thief or Thieves, and such Person. or Persons shall not be able to give a satisfiaftory Account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice that there is just Ground to believe that such Person or Persons was or were in such Public Place of Resort, Avenue, Street or Highway as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue, and Vagabond within the Intent and Meaning^ of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of His late

Majesty

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

C. 119. 493

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend arid male more ejedual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds y and other idle and disorderly Persone, and to Houses of Correction,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction shall be in the following Form of Words, as Form of Coa-

the case may happen, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect: - vi&ioa.

TJE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our

Lord A.B. is brought before me C.D. Efauire, one of Hi»

Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of [or. City, Liberty or

Place, as the case may &], and charged before me the said Justice with being a Rogue and Vagabond; he the said A.B. having been apprehended on the Day of in a

certain called in the Parish of in the said County,

4 [or. City, et cetera, as the case may £*], and it appearing to me the said Justice, on the Oath of

a credible Witness, that the said A.B. is a Person of evil Fame and a reputed Thief,

and the said A.B. on his Examination before me not being able to give a satisfactoty Account of himself or of his way of living, and it also appearing to the Satisfaction ot me the said Justice, that there is just

Ground to believe the said A.B. was in such aforesaid, with Intent to commit Felony

4 on the Person or Property of His Majesty's Subjects there being 5 I do therefore, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this 4 AB] convifk him the said A.B. of the said Offence, and adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 17 G.2.C. 5.

George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction 5 and that he lor his laid Offence«be committed to the House of Correction for the said County, until the next General or Quarter [as the

case may be] Sessions of the Peace to be b olden for the said County, City or Place, [as the safe may

c then and there to be further dealt with according to Law.

[If the Party be committed for a left time than $ until the Sessions, then say, there to remain for the Space of

And that such Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be auaflied or set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any other form of Words whatever; nor shall the fame be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench. Certlterl,

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by the Appeal Judgment of such Justice as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the cause of Complaint

shall have anfen, such Person at the time of his Conviction entering into a Recognizance with two fumcient Recognisance Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled; and in case such Conviction shall be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and proceed against such Person in the same manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General or Quarter-Sessions; and in case such Person shall not appear pursuant to the said Recognizance, the Person so convicted by such Justice shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue within the Intent and Meaning of an Act made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, x7 a. c, p intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction; and the said Justices at such Sessions, or any Two of them,

shall issue their Warrant to apprehend and commit the Person so deemed an incorrigible Rogue to some House of Correction or Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter-Sessions for the said County, [Liberty, or City, as the case may be], then and there to be further dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that no Person convicted fender this Act, shall be deemed subject or Provif* liable to Punishment by whipping.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend or be Proviso for Lord construed to extend to deprive the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of any Rights, Mayor, &c. of Privileges or Jurisdictions which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the Town

and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the Mayor of the City of London for the time being, and such of the Aldermen of the said City who have borne the Office of Mayoralty, and the 4

Recorder of the said City for the time being, from acting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A A shall extend or be construed to extend And ( r Deia to deprive the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster for the time being, or t^e High "'J afwJiu* Steward of the City and Liberty of Westminster for the time being, or his lawful Deputy, of any Rights,

Privileges or Jurisdictions which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the said City and Liberty, in such and the like' manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had*not been made. '

XXIII. And whereas by the said recited Act, passed in the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, 41 o. 3. c. 76.

it is, amongst other things, provided, that the yearly Salary to be paid to each of the Justices who shall 1

4 be appointed to attend the Public Office established by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years 39*40 G. j.

4 of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and in its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the*'

ji Geo. III. 3 S*River

47 0.3. SeC X C4*.

Salary paid to Justkex

Officers and Pa-troles of Bow Street Office to oft u Constables.

Prorifo.'

Continuance of A a.

4a G. 3.0.207.

On Conriftion of Offenders under recited Act, Magistrate may mitigate Penalty of 30L to 20L

Provita

394400.3.

<.67.

40 a 3. (i) c. 38.

C. 119, 120, 121. 51 5 GEORGII - III, A.D. 1811.

4 .Kivrr Thames; which by another Act made in the Forty seventh Yeti of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eiglu hundred and fourteen*

shall be Five Hundred Pounds clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever; Be it further enacted, That the Yearly Salary to be paid to each of the said last mentioned Justices shall from and after the passing of this Act be Five Hundred Pounds clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever: Provided also, that the whole Expences attending the said last mentioned public Office, the last mentioned Salaries being included, shall not exceed the annual Sum of Eight thousand three hundred Pounds; any thing in the above recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty's Reign to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And wherca6 it is expedient that the Officers and Patrole belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street should be sworn m as Con (tables, and be empowered to act within the Limits of the several

Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex and Kent, the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Liberty of the Tower of London; Be it therefore frirther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices belonging to the said Public Office in Bow Street (the Chief Magistrate of such Office for the time being, being one} being Justices of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, to administer to such Ferjons respectively an Oath duly to execute the Office of Constable within the Limits aforesaid; and each of such Persona being sworn shall have Power to act as a Constable for the Preservation of the Peace, and for the Security of Property against Felonies and other unlawful Modes of obtaining the fame within any and every of the said several Counties, City and Liberties, and for apprehending Offenders against the Peace, as well by Night as by Day; and within the Limits aforesaid, every such Constable shall haye all such Bowers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick: Provided always, that when any such Constable shall be dismissed from bn said] Employment, or cease to belong to the said Public Office in Bow Street, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emoluments, Privileges and Advantages, vested in the Person so dismissed or ceasing to belong to the said Office, shall immediately cease and determine.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of Junf One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks froto the* Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty seventh (a), Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing the Stealing of Deer.

[1st July 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intiVy tuled, An Act for more effectually preventing the Stealing of Deer, no Provision is made for a Mftigation of the petum^ry Penalties thereby imposed for committing the several Offences therein mentioned

from the Want whereof considerable Inconvenience has arisen; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Conviction of any Offender under the said Act, for wilfully coursing or hunting, or taking in any Slip, Noose, Toil or Snare, or killing, wounding or destroying or (hooting, or otherwise attempting to kill, wound or destroy, or carrying away, any Red or Fallow Deer, kept or being in the unenclofea Part of any Forest, Cnafe, Purlieu or ancient Wall (a), without the Consent of the Owner of such Deer, or without being otherwise duly authorized, or for knowingly being aiding, abetting or assisting therein or thereunto; it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates by and before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted to mitigate the Penalty of Fifty Pounds thereby imposed for the First Offence to any Sum at their Discretion not less than Twenty Pounds, to be levied in the manner directed by the said recited Act: Provided always, that every other Part and Provision in the said recited Act shall be and remain in full force and effect af if this Act had not been made or passed. (a) [So in the Original Ad--\

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to suspend the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively; and to suspend the Importation into Great Britain of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, except such as shall have been warehoused according to Law; and for regulating the Exportation of Home-made Spirits from Great Britain to Ireland and from Ireland to Great Britain, until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[2d July 1811.]

WHEREAS by the Acts for the Union of Great Britain an4 Ireland, it is, among other things,

provided, that any Articles of the Growth* Produce or Manufacture of either Country, which are 4 (or may be subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject, on their Importation into each Country respectively from the other, to such Countervailing Duty as mall appear to be just and reasonable, in respect of such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials;

and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty payable on such Articles on the Import thereof

into the fame Country from the other: And whereas by the said Acts, and by other Acts of Parliament

now in force, certain Countervailing Duties are chargeable on Spirits made or di (tilled in Great Britain,

#x» the Importation thereof into Ireland, and on Spirits made or dicti % d in Ireland, on the Importation*

n 4 thereof

AJXi8ii. 51° GEORGII III. C. 12l. 495

thereof into Great Britain, and certain Drawback* are in certain cases payable on the Export of such Spirit!

from either Country to the other respectively: And whereas Doubt3 bare arisen whether certain of the said»Datie» and Drawbacks are iufl and reasonable, arid boW far the same are therefore confident with the«Letter and Spirit of the said ActU for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, For Remedy thereof apd to v the Intent that such Countervailing Duties fhotrld be frnposed, such Drawbacks allowed, and such Prbvi-

dons made as shall be judged proper for putting the Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, in respect -

of Home-made Spirits, upon a just, fair and equitable Footing according to the true Meaning and Spirit

of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and also that foffictent time may be afforded r for ascertaining just and reasonable Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks, and for making such necessary

Provisions as aforesaid, it is expedient that the Payment of all Drawbacks upon the Export of such Spirits

from each Country to the other refoedthnely should be suspended for a limited time; Be it therefore e«act*d by the King's Meft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords-Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fahic. That, DrsWtuckt cm from and after the Fifteenth Day of Jtme.One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Payment of all £p»its Drawbacks for or in respect of such Spirits, on the Exportation thereof from any Part Of Great Britain to bc jW, ec? Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain respectively, shall be suspended during the Continuance lui*

of this A

II. And be it flirther eua&ed, That the Countervailing Duty and Drawback, which shall be payable Future Counter-after such Period of Suspension shalt be expired, in respect of any Spirit! which may^ have bfcen or mail be vailin? 1>ul)' imported into and exported1 from each Country respectively, at anytime after the Fifteenth Day of June^L)ra#baLk* lfeft, shall be such as mall be ascertained and pTescribed for that Purpose, by any Act of Parliament, to be

passed in the next Session of Parliament, before the Expiration Of the said Three Months.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifteenth Day of June One thqtifand eight No trish Spirits^hundred and eleven, and during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to export wported to O.K or enter, or drip for Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Part of Great Britain* any Spirits ^vebeen w»e-made*or dlftilled in Ireland, except such Spirits asfhxll have been or shall be focured in WartehOtffes in Ireland, houftd. without Payment of the Duty of Excift payable'in Ireland thereon, according to the fevbral Afcts in force*

in Ireland at the time of the paling of this Act, for regulating the making, distilling and warehousing of stich Spirits in Ireland; and that all such Spirits shall be entered and shipped for Exportation from Ireland directly, from and out of such Warehouses only 5 and in-case any Spirits shall be exported, or entered or tapped for Exportation, from any Port ot Place in Ireland to or for any Part of Great Britain, other than such Spirits as are hereby permitted to befo exported, or in any other; manner than is hereby directed, such Spirits so unlawfully exported, or entered or shipped for Exportation, together with the Calks and Package! containing the fame, and also the Ships, Boats or Veflbls on hoard which"the fame shall bfe laden* or exported shall be forfeited, and may be foized by any Officer or Officer! of Customs or Excise; any Act or Acts, ' Penalty, Usageov Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight Quantity andf hundred and eleven, and during the Continuance of tMs Act, no Spirits made or diililled in Ireland shall be Strength of Sp»-peraiitted ox allowed to be received into any such Warehouse or Warehouses, unless on the Delivery thereof f^ w?reJ}°!^fr-for the Removal to such Warehouse or Warehouses the Quantity and Strength of each and every Calk or other Package thereof# and the foil Capacity or Content of each such Cask or other Package, shall nave been taken and afeertsined by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, by the Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydro-mttor\ at the DMUUery where the same shall have been made and diililled, nor unless such Quantity, Strength,

Sfrze, and foil Content or Capacity# together with the* Marks and Numbers, or Mark and Number of each such Cask or other Package, shall be Specified in or indorsed on the Permit, to authorize the Removal of such Spirits from the said Distillery to such Warehouse as aforesaid 5 and if on the Arrival or Receipt of any such Spirit! at such Warehouse# any Deficiency shall- be discovered or found, by the proper Officer or Officers of1 Excise, in the Strength or Quantity of any such Spirits, below the Strength or Quantity of such Spirits specified in or indorred on any such Permit, then and iu every such case such Spirits, together with the Cask or other Package containing the fame, shall be forfeited; and the fame respectively (half and Pwafcy. may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight Quantity and hundred and eleven, and daring the Continuance of this Act, no such Spirits made or distilled in Ireland shall Strength of Spi-; be delivered from or out of any such Warehouse for Exportation to any Part of Great Britain, unless the rit* e*pwted Strength thereof shall on such Delivery have been taken and ascertained by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise# by the Hydrometer commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer; and such Officer or Officers shall give and G' certMa<* grant to the Exporter thereof a Certificate in* Writing, in which such Officer or Officers shall certify the Strength of the Spirits contained in each and every Calk or Package thereof, together with the Size of foil Content or Capacity of such Cask or Package, and the Marks and Numbers, or Mark or Number thereof, and the Quantity of such Spirits contained therein 5 and such Certificate shall accompany such Spirits tof the Port or Place in Great Britain to which such Spirits shall be consigned or sent; and if on the Arrival or Landing of any such Spirits at such Port or Pace in Great Britain, any Deficiency shall be discovered or; found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in the Strength or Quantity of such Spirits below the Strength or Quantity thereof specified In such Certificate; or if any Spirits made 0T dlftilled in Ireland shall be imported or brought into any Pott or Place in Great Britain, ' without being accompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Spirits, together with the Calk or other Package con- Penalty, taming the fame, shall be forfeited, and the feme rcpfectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers #f Cuilofut or Excise in England*nd Scotland respectively: Provided always nev£rtheiefe that no Spirits made' Provifc.

3 S* 2 or

496

Allowance.

Proviso for Spirits shipped from Ireland before 24th June8ix.

Foiling Certificates, fcc.

[Penalty.]

English Distillers tiny distil Spirits for Exporiatkn to Ireland, under Regulations of a8 G. 3. c. 46. and 45 G. 3.

C. 100, kc.

Scotch Distitten may distil for Exportation to Ireland under £bd Acts.

C. 121.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181 1.

pr distilled in Ireland, nor any Calk or Package containing any such Spirits, shall be forfeited for or by reafoa of any Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits, not more than Three per Centum below the Strength of such Spirits specified in any such Permit or Certificate; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

VI. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed'or construed to extend to forfeit any Spirits exported from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain under or by virtue of this Act, if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, (as the case may require) such Proof being left to the Judgment of them the said Commissionert respectively) that such Spirits were actually shipped for such Exportation on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and without any Knowledge of the Provisions of this Act by the Person or Persons by whom such Spirits were so shipped.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate by this Act authorized or required to be granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Specification by this Act authorized or required to be in or indorsed on any Permit, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or any Permit with a false or untrue Specification as aforesaid therein or indorsed thereon, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or any Permit with a false or untrue Specification therein or inaorfed thereon, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such true Certificate after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or any such true Specification in or indorsed on any Permit, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered or erased, or any Permit having therein or having indorsed thereon any such Specification so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered or erased, every Person or Persons fb offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, all and every Distiller and Distillers, in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall be desirous of making or distilling Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom for Exportation, from thence to Ireland, shall be at Liberty lo to do, under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, lave as is herein after in that Behalf particularly provided, and under and subject to the like Duty and Duties, for or in respect of any Decrease or Decrease# by Rectification, as are by Two certain Acts of Parliament, One thereof made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for better regulating the Exportation of British-ma</i Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and the other thereof made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, among other things, for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation to England 5 or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, provided, settled or established for or in respect of Distillers making or distilling Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, except as aforesaid, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures and Duties aforesaid respectively, shall be, and the same are hereby respectively extended to, and shall be applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of all and, every Distiller and Distillers* who, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall make or distil any Spirits in that^Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Ireland, as. fully and erfe&ually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions and Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Duties aforesaid, respectively, had been at large inserted in the Body of this Act, and been hereby re-enacted and made applicable to such Distillers (0 making Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to Ireland, and to fade Spirits so made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain called England, and exported from thence to Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, all and every Distiller and Distillers in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandf who shall be desirous of making or distilling Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom for Exportation from thence to Ireland, shall be at Liberty so to do, under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Reflric-tions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, save as is herein after particularly provided, and under and subject to the like Duty and Duties for or in respect of any Decrease or Decreases by Redification as are in or by the said A6Is made in the Twenty eighth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid, or in or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act contained, provided, settled, established or imposed, for or in respect of Distillers making or distilling Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England; and all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, except as aforesaid, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures* and Duties aforesaid respectively, shall be and the same are hereby respectively extended to, and shall be applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of all and every Distiller and Distillers who, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall make or distil any Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for Exportation from thence to Ireland, as fully and ettedually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and Angular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, except as aforesaid. Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Duties aforesaid respectively had been at large inserted in the Body of this Act, and been hereby re-enacted and made applicable to such Distillers so making Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for Exportation from thence to Ireland\ and to

such

A.D. 18811.

51° GEORGII III. C. 121, 122, 123. 497

such Spirits so made or distilled in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and exported from thence to Ireland.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said Act made in the Forty fifth Year afore-£aid or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to restrict any Distiller or Distillers in England or Scotland respectively, to the First Day of October, for the making Entry for distilling Spirits for Exportation to Ireland; or to restrict to the First Day of October the Commencement of any Licence to be granted to any such Distiller or Distillers, for distilling Spirits for such Exportation to Ireland.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall and may be sued for, and recovered, levied and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the

Licences, See. may commence before ill October.

Recovery of Penalties.

14 & 15 Car.*.

(I.) Seif. 4. c.

Appeal.

Co nlnuance of A €L

fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposei the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal so and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise or Customs in force in Irelandor any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Act altered,* Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Cap. cxxii.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same.

[2& July 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 49 0.3. c.xo*.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the bed Means of effecting the fame: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until and upon the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer df Ireland, for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be issued, over and above the Sum mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, upon the Warrant or Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland; which Sums so issued shall be employed by the said Commissioners for the Payment of Surveyors,

Engineers, Workmen, Clerks, Messengers and other Officers, and in defraying all the necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act, in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners under the said recited Act, or any Four or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that behalf; and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, before the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland, in like manner as Monies granted or imprested for any public Work \ and no Fees or other Charges shall be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the lame.

continued till Jan. x, 18x3.

Irish Treasury may issue 12 pool, to defray Eipences.

CAP. C&XIII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[2d July 1811.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present Condition of the Prisons and Gaols in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Gaolers to mike Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison in any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within that Li?4r?fA51' Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall and is and are hereby Required to make a true, exact and foncn roCustody# perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who, upon the First l>ay of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, was or were, or have since continued to be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lift shall be really an«. actual

4p8

Keepers of

Prisons to take Oath* on delivering in Lifts.

Path.

Oath admi-Tiiftered in open Court.

f/ifts kept by Clerk of the Peace, and examined gratis.

Copes of Lifts fixed up in Prisons. before Delivery to Seflons.

lVifbnen for what Sum to be discharged.

Justices may, on Prisoners delivering Schedules, flue Warrants to bring them to Quarter-Sfcffions.

C. 123. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Coils, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non-payment of Money, and an Account of the time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained, together with the Amount of such Debts as the said Prisoner or Prisoners are detained for, and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, and every other Keeper and Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty in Ireland, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in open Court of such General Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profefa and declare, That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody in the Prison of \insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the second Part of the said Lift, now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have since the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven been committed or surrendered to the said Prison of [ insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein contained, was or were to the best of my Knowledge and Belief really and truly Prisoners in adusj Custody on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, as appears by the Returns made to me on his and their respective Commitments. So help me GOD.*

Which the said Justices, at their First or Second General Quarter- Session or General Session aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to admi-luster in open Court, and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the said Marshal and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respedifely* in open Court 5 and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn to in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Person acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices and Information of al} or any Prisoner or Prisoner* therein named, and so as the fame may from time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Keeper or Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison or Gaol, is and are hereby required Ten Days at least before the First or Second General Quaiter-Session or General Session of the Peace shall beheld after the passing of this Act for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prison or Goal shall be or to which the same shall belong, to fix up in fomcv conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prifqq or Gaol, and at the raoft frequented or usual G^te, Door or Entrance into every such Prison or Gaol, Three or more true Copies of the List or Lists pj-opqfed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter-Sessions or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Nonpayment of any. Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than One thousand five hpndfed Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be. done by him or her by this Act, shall, as to his Person and Effects respectively, be for ever released, discharged and exonerated, to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and no otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Ju (lice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, IJJace or Liberty within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to any Justice of Justices of the Peace within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace so petitioned a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter-Session next ensuing after every such Petition or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under hia Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter-Session or General Session of the Pepce, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the D^te of such Warrant, for such respective County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol as aforesaklf at the time aforesaid 5 for which Copy

or

A.D. 1811. 310 GEORGII III. C. 123. 499

or Copies of such Cause or Canfes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, who shall make out and transcribe the fame at least Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance, which Wafrrant of every such Justice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the passing of this Act and the next General

Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace, which would be the Means of detainingin Prison a Number of Persons, who with their Families are in the greatest Distress; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may Special Session. be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after parting this Act, for the purpose of administering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule which shall be left or delivered in Schedules to re-as aforesaid, shall be and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of a, n w'ih C, erle the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the same shall have been so left, there to 1*Pcacc* remain and be inspected from time to time as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part Debtors inrend-of the United Kingdom called Ireland, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this in* to apply for Act, shall first caufr public Notice to be insertedin Three several Dublin Gazettes, previous to such General Discharge «o or Quarter-Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made; Gaiette1^and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of Dublin or the County of Dublin, or shall have moved himselfby Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, then also in some Newi'paper in or near the County, City,

Town or Liberty, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be or have been so in Custody, containing the Name*

Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison w herein he, she or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respectively to be the First,

Second or Third Notice, according to the time of publishing each of such Notices; for the inferring each of the said Notices in the Dublin Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four pence and no more, the First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively, and in the said other Newspaper, as the case may require. Twenty one Days at the least, and the last of the said Notices Six Days at the least, before any such First or Second General Quarter-Session or General Session or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as*those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution or on Mesne Process or otherwise, may have such sufficient Notice thereof.

IX. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the Matters and.

Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it.

further enacted, That every such Debtor where he or she shall according to the Directions of this Act, publish Debtor* to <fe-

the first Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall in such Notice declare that the liver Schedule*

Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to in

manner as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such ^r<^e#0

Keeper or Gaoler of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy, as the case may be, before

he shall publish such first Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested

by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such

Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prior to such his first Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she

upon due Proof made of such Neglect to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make.

Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the,

Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy is hereby directed and required to attest the

Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving, a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgment of his having received the Original, and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor hiratelf, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within Three Days after Demand made, and if any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy so offending shall be punished. (a) (a)[$o in the Original A8*-\

X. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor in manner directed by this Form of Notice) Act shall be to the Effect following; that is to say,

T the Name, Trade, Occupation and Descriptionf and Two last Places of Abode, if so many]] now con-

lined in \insert Name of Prison and County,] and not beingcharged in Custody on the First Day of May

One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, do hereby give this public Notice, that I intend

to take the Benefit of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 4 A8 for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, and I do hereby give Notice* that a true and perfect Schedule, containing the Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate hereafter to be sworn to, is now

ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the Keeper or Goaler, or his Deputy of the f said Prison.

And

i^»

300 C. 123.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Deli tori proving that Notices have heen given shall iu open Court deliver in certain Schedules, and take Oath.

Oath*

Schedule and Oath subscribed by Debtors.

Court at Request of Creditor may examine Gaolers «u Oath.

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor and countersigned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, who shall apply to the General or Quarter-SeCGon, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon* Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes and Newspnpers respectively before mentioned, to the said-Justices at any such Session or the Adjournment thereof, that such Nptices were inserted in the Dublin Gazette# and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid; and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Piiloners on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in the Prison or Gaol in which his, her or their Name or Names is or are specified in the Lift delivered in at such First or Second Session or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and shall in open Court at the said General Quarter-Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she or any Person or Persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, or which he, she or they, or such Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage at any time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the lame respectively became due and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contra&, I^ote or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the following'Effect, according to the special Circumstances, so far as the same shall be confident with the Provisions herein after contained; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest arid declare. That on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, I was really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit

of without any Fraud or Collufton whatsoever, and that I have ever since my Commitment

continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Keeper or Gaoler

of the said Prison of at the Suit of, and without any Fraud or

Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me and subscribed doth contain to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects and Estate9, Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of every other Nature and Kind whatsoever, which for any Person in trust for me or for my Benefit or Advantage are seized or possessed of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were in my Possession, Custody or Power, or in the Possession, Custody or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which [ or such Person had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, 3t any time since my Commitment to Prison, and of all Debts to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in trust for me, and 01 all the Secu* rities and Contracts whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses that can prove such Debts or Contracts [if any such there £*], and that neither I, nor any Person or Persons in trust for me or for my Use, have any Lanas, Money, Stock or Estate Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, or of any Nature or Kind soever, or Power of disposing of or charging for any Benefit or Advantage other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools and the necessary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty Pounds; and that I have not nor any Person for me hath directly or indirectly fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contracts or Estates, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the fame or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever. So help me GOD.*

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Debtor subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in open Session of the Peace as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtors, who shall desire or may have Occasion to resort thereto, and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty at season-able times in the Day-time to peruse and examine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, at any such General Quarter-Sessions or General Session or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea or his Deputy, or any other Under Officer, Tipstaff and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, and any other Person within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof;

12 and

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 123.' 301

and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors, shall Hot be disproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath; and such Justices, or the major Part of them, present at any such General Quarter-Session or General Session or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtor, then such Justices shall in such Session or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Order shall be sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest arid Trust of such Debtor, Estates and Ef«

of, in and unto all the Real Estate, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts and Effects of every such Debtor, fefts of Debtor shall immediately after such Adjudication be and the fame is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town vested

Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty wh0 »s*o

or Place where any Debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk assign fame to or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and such Creditors at Conveyance of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or Court shall di-other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as«&, in Truk the Justices at any General or Quarter-Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be

held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct, which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper stamped, to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest the Debtor had therein; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the Rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, in respect of or in Proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time, as there may be Occasion in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Effects of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or them and the Rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be requisite; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall with all convenient Speed, after his or their accepting such Assignees to get Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their belt Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects* Debtor's of every such Debtor, and shall with all convenient Speed make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion or Expectancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by Publick Auction, in such manner and at such Place as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the Dublin Gazette^ or in some Daily Paper printed and published at Dublin, and if elsewhere, then in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor dwelled before he or fne was committed to Prison Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his Hand or their Hands agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months at andtonah* farthest, from the time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make Dhrideads. a fair and just Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and Effects which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath in Writing before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Town, Liberty or Place in which any such Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like manner Notice of tht as a meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, Thirty Days at least before the fame*'"

shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have end*' made out the Justness and Identity of his Debt by Oath, or due Proof in Writing before some such Justice or Justices j and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Faimefs of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fame at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, City, Liberty or Place in which such DebtoV shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act, at the next General or Quarter-Session, or some Adjournment thereof!

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any Assignees or Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any deceased Assignee Heirs not JeH-or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part of such Estate or Effects, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Estate or Effects found to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Exe-

entors or Administrators as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Person or Persons so offending, to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Per- Impri&aneiib 51 Geo. III. 3 T font

5°2

C. i

23*

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Creditors for Annuities to receive Dividends as under Commission of Bankruptcy.

fons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Act, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Indemnity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants, or other Securities of any Nature whatsoever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and may and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force, if such-Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the fame would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

XVI. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors, from any Neglect 6r Omission in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Estate Real or Personal belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this Act, be it enacted, That all the Estates, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she or they (halt be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule though not inserted therein; and shall in like manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Cotfrt according to the Directions of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Estate of such Debtor, tmless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General or Quarter-Session or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the fame bona fide and for good or valuable Consideration.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right, Title, Interest or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors' shall have veiled by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever under the Provisions of this Act.

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any without Consent Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor or Debtors' Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major of Majority of part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at

lead Ten Days before such Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Residence of such Debtor or Debtors for that Purpose.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to

___r_____ binder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors,

Claim* of an in- or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate or Effects ferior Nature. comprised in, or charged or affected by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to

prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Estates of such Debtor or Debtors; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of any such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first Place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment, would have been preferred to others, Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor or Debtors respectively if this Act had not been made $ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas many Persons who may b4 entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, are seised and f possessed of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their natural

Lives, with power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates for One, Two

or Three Lives in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have

Powers over Real or Personal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for their own Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors; Be it therefore enacted,

Tower of leafing, by the Authority aforesaid, that in every such case all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tene-JLands, &c. ments and Hereditaments, and all such other Powers as aforesaid over Real or Personal Estate, which are or veiled in Af- shall be veiled in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Assignee or fyntea. Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

Gaoler on Re-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, orueft of Creditor Adjournment thereof, to which any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required tobc sworn. by aDy Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer and give to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prifojler in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the Effect following$ that is to say,

Estates of Deb*, ors not ini'erted in Schedule vested in Clerk of uie Peace.

Holders of Securities without Consideration not entitled to Benefit.

Estates to vest in Clerk of the Peace.

Ho Suit, Sec.

Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 123.

T do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my

Custody In the Prison of or in Custody in some other Prison [at the case may be-\

4 to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and

eleven, and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his [or her] Commitment or Detainer now by

9 me brought, with the Body of the said and produced to the said

Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any

Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any Person who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or since, shall not happen to be the Keener or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the relpetStive Person or Persons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, and deliver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter-Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect following; that is to (ay,

T do swear. That I have examined the Commitments or Books kept of or con-

A cerning the Commitments of Prisoners to the Prison of and that I do verily

believe that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment are really true and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison Or

Gaol, .for, other Prison, as the case may be-\ without Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.*

XXIII. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Prison or Gaol Books, be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them at some certain time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison or Gaol within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said First Day of May one thousand eight hundred and eleven, or at any time since, and examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such General or Quarter-Sessions or Adjournment thereof shall think fit 5 and if any Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to bring before any such Justices, at any Session of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that Purpose, he shall on Conviction suffer Six Months Imprisonment; or if any Keeper or Gaoler attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises as shall be reasonably required, at such General Quarter-Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, he, she or they so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to any Person who shall recover and sue for the fame, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, or his Deputy, or Deputies, shall without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter-Sefuon or General Session of the reace or Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or rrifoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter-Sessions or General Session or Adjournment thereof, in order to his or her Discharge, or shall neglect or refuse, or designedly omit to insert in any such Lift the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol, on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or since, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid, or if the Printer of the Dublin Gazette or other Newspaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request to him made for that Purpose, every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Prison and Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each Prisoner in every such case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any one of the said Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison shall, in taking of the afore mentioned Oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison or Prisons shall (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury) upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with full Costs, by Bill Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom an Alignment or Conveyance in pursuance of this Act shall be made of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or rrifoners 5 and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied, one

3 T a Moiety

S°3

Oath.

If Person delivering in Lift was not Caoler on the tft Day of May 18 (i, he frail lake the following Oath.

Oath.

At Request of CreditorsGaolers may be examined on. Oath at Sections, touching Commitments.

Sheriffs, fee. disobeying Orders of Justices.

[Penalty.]

Gaoler and Printer of Gazette or Newspaper not complying with Regulations of Act

[Penalty.]

Gaolers commiting Perjurj.

[Penalty.]

54 C. 133.

310 G1JOR.GII III.

A.D. 1811.

Clerk of the

Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such Creditor

pr Creditors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy or Town Clerk) 0* Peace not giving 0tHer Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to giye every or any such Prisoner adjudged° «rititled to nis Discharge as aforesaid, within fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the charged - Order of such Adjudication on the Payment of Two Shillings and Six Pence, or shall take more than Two Shillings and Six Pence for such Copy, or shall take more than One Shilling for an Assignment or Convey* apee of such Prisoner's Eft ate and Effects, any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be con video at any such General or Quarter-Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Justices of the Peace at such General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof shall order; and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor as aforesaid who shall take the Benefit of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, berielf or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she or they so offending shall fuller such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Persons entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall at ahv time hereafter be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Non-payment of Money only, or for any Dent, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non* payment of Money, Coils, Sum or Sums of Money

[Penalty.]

Debtors falseLy

(wearing.

Perjury.

Debtors discharged not liable to be impxi-foned for Debts

prior to 1st May con traded, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the said First Day of May One thousand X$xi.*ght hundred and eleven, but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such

Debts, Damages, Contempts, Cods, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she or they shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem juit and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner's causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him on every such Action or Suit.

XXIX. And whereas under former Acts of this Kind, Doubts have arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to he discharged, who owed and llood charged with Debts as well '* previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts; To remedy which, be it therefore Prisoner*not enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subsequent to the First Day

Treble Cust*.

Act pleaded ge< nerally by Prisoners.

that in such cases it shall and ipay he lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts incurred previous to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or (h* was brought, for all Debts which he or she (lands charged with in his Custody incurred subsequent to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

Act pleaded to

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action he brought Action of Escape, against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, for performing their Office in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence, and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment up9n Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble, Cods.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias, or Action of Debt or upon Judgment shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with respect to rrifoners in actual Custody on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison or in some other Prison at such a Person's Suit, on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter-Session or General Session or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County* Liberty, City, Town or Place (as his, or her, or their case is) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her or them. Tor any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before the First Pay of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to plead in discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff shall or may. reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which, may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment or (a) Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Costs: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he construed to extend to release pr discharge any Attorney at

(a) [So in the qriginal

Law>

[Treble Costs.]

Act not to extend to Attor-aies or Servants

a.d.iSh. 51' GEORGir nr. c. xj.

Law, Solicitor or any other Person or Persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money or other Effects recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor or other Person or Persons acting as such* embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their own Ufle y or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Person or Persons employed or entrutted as stich with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she or they shall stand charged for or on acoouQt of any Money, Goods or other Effects received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Use and on Account of his, her or their Matter or Matters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use*any thing herein cootained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-with {landing.

XXXII. And whereas many evil disposed Persons, to support their profligate way of Life, have by

various subtile Stratagems, Threats and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of industrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit Be it enacted, That no Prisoner who, knowingly and designedly by false Pretence or Pretences, ttull have obtained from any Person or Persons, Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act 5 but the Justices at any General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such or U foners to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from wheuce he or she shall have been brought^any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

AXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objections and Exceptions aforesaid, against the obtaining the Benefit of this Act, shall be proved by the Teftunony upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, besides the Testimony upon Oath of the Person or Persons making such Objections, or other legal Proof or Evidence admif&ble in a Court of Law: Provided always, that no Prisoner who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Ad heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securities for Money on* false Pretences, or for having secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects which were jtibied or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have lott or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Act, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment, fuice his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, or who shall have obtained a Discharge under such former Act fraudulently, or shall have taken an Oath under such Ad, any Part of which was hot true, (half have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act j but the Justices at any General or other Session of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be Drought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or &e?per of the Prifoq, from which be or she shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Objections or Exceptions were supported by such Proof pr Evidence as is hereinbefore provided and directed to be made under this present Act, and not otherwise; and that no Person shall be permitted to make the Objections in this Act mentioned against any Prisoner except a detailing Creditor, or such Person or Persons as have commenced their Action or Actiont against-such Prisoner previous to the First Day of May last past, grounded 00 the Matters in the said Exceptions mentioned; Provided also, that no Person charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Conyerfation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in any Action for seducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Action for a malicious Prosecution, or in pmy Action for any other malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Act, except only in cases where the Plaintiff in such Adipns respectively shall be deadend no Person shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Lettors of Administration of the Effedsof such Plaintiff, within Twelve Months after the Deceafe of such Plaint ifE

XXXIV. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Land, Messuages, Houses and other Premises have, c with fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, Cattle,

Furniture, Goods or other Effects which were subject and liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the 5 fiud Rents f Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners who, in a secret, olandestine or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused to be removed within Six Years any such Stock, Cattle, Furniture, .Goods or Effects of the Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be distrained by their respective Landlord or Landlords, for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft aH or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be dischargedby or under this Act, but shall, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided such Proof shall be thereof made as is hereinbefore required upon Objections or Exoeptious to be made under this present Act.

XXXV. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, Jokfc transferred, coo-

veyed or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody

of Law or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alt' signment hath been fraudulently made to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, though sufficient Proof could not be obtained toconvid the Party of a fraudulent Design V Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses to the Satisfaction of the Court to which any .Prisoner shall be brought up in order to obtain his or her Discharge, that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, qpuYtjcd or assigned to any Person or Persons all or any Part of his Estate or Effect subsequent to the time of his

emhessling

Money

Nor to Pir fans' obtaining Money' on false Pretence*; -

Nor to Prisonerr remanded to Prison under any Insolvent Ad, for fraudulently^ obtaining Money, &c.

Provifsr

Nor to Fcrfoar charged far Execution for Damages recovered- is any Action for Criminal Conversation , Ac*

Nor to PeVfonr removing EfTed* of the Value of Sol. liable to be --distrained for Rent.

Nor to PeYfbna' fellingorassigninf: Effects to defraud t Creditors.

506 C.i23*

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181 r.

Gaolers not permitting Pril oners to he spoken with, or Entry in Books of Prison to be seen.

[Penalty.]

Gaoler making false Entries.

Ilia Imprisonment without just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge; and every such Sale, Transfer, Coveyance or Assignment is hereby declared null and void.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall and is hereby required to suffer in the Day time any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to fee and speak, in the Lodge or some convenient Room in the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners whose Names are inserted in the before mentioned List or Lists, or the Dublin Gazette, or other Newspapers, or any of them, and also to fee inr the true and genuine Books of the said Prison the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she or they are or were detained; and if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison or Prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep or cause to be prepared or kept any false Book or Books in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall infeit in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who wat not in actual Custody as aforesaid (except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper shall be excepted) every such Gaoler or Keeper or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor being thereunto required by any Creditors, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or last Place of Abode of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is or was detained or charged in Custody, or if any Prisoner being called for, and desired by any Creditor or Creditors to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, shall refuse to Come, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary, every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter-6ession of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; auy thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others who were in Prison on or before the said Custody for Pri- First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven in any of the Goals of this Kingdom and now son Fees dif- remain for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Shenff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, of any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords "Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall certify their Consent under their Hands to the said Justices at their laid Sessions or Adjournment thereof for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XLI. And whereas under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble in attending every Session and Adjournment during the whole Continuance of this Act (a), to oppose the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after having been

before one Session and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors constantly gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged To remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cafe6 whatever the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless otherwise ordered and commanded by His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, by His Majesty's Writ of Mandamus to be issued forth of said Court, unless the Debtor shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and that the fame may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to state the Objections why such Debtor's Discharge is tefufed by them 5 and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices at some one subsequent Session, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been so remanded, upon Application from the Prisoner, and due Proof on Oath made to them by Two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath they are hereby empowered to admi-

(a) [$0 in the original

nifter)

[Penalty.]

' Debtors refuGng to discoverTrade and Abode of Person at whose Suit detained excluded Benefit of Ad.

Prisoners in

son Fees discharged.

Act not to extend to Debtors of the Crown or O&enden.

Determinition of Justices final, unless Debtor gets rid of Objections to Dif-eharge.

5° 7

AJ5.i8itj 5j° GEORGII III., C. 123.

nifter) of such Objection or Qbjedions being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at lead Twenty Dayi previous to such Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Dublin Gazette in manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and if they shall then be of Opinion the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and, if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, '#he or (he taking the Oath, and in all other respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

XLII. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expectant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by

levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, whereby such Person or Persons* said Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their

Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Act for the Benefit of their Creditors* Be it therefore further enacted, That in every such case, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of, this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee* and the same shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing.

XLIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, have been

great Dealers or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great c Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption

of Estates, ftibjed and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Re-

mainders or other contingent Estates, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Trulls or Intents in Estates. both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule

or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or

which may want his Aid and Assistance to adjuit, make out, recover or manage, for the Benefit r of his Creditors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it (halt and may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors who shall' obtain his, her or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, where such Debtor or Debtors shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her or their Estate or Effects, whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors, by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means, as they shall think fit, and upon such Debtors appearing shall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall delire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful' Excuse to be made known to such Justices and by them allowed, or being come before them shall refuse to be sworn or to answer to all such Questions a6 by such Justices shall be put to him or them relating to the Discovery of his, her or their Estate or Effects so veiled or intended to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk! or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of (a) such Assignee as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to commit to the Common Gaolr there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until fucht time as he, she or they shall submit him, her or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.;

(a) [S0 in the original

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then, and in every such case every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it fli'aUbe lawful at all times hereafter for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors who shall be chosen in pursuance of this Act, by and with" the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be present at a Meeting, to be had on Twenty one Days Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, if in Custody at Dublin or in the County of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, and if any other Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City or Place m or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compositions to any Person or Persons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Composition begotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons for or on account or by reason or means of any Matter, Cause or Thing relating to the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or to any Debt^ or Debts due or claimed to be due to or from such Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and Determination of Arbitrators to be cbofeu by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Difference, and to perform the Atvard of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Dif-

5 iesenc*

Efbtesof which Prisoner* are seised in Tail t# be delivered up to Creditors.

Assignees may apply for further Examination of Debtors to Two Justices.

Fraudulent Discharges void.

Assignees with Consent of Majority in Value of Creditors, may compound Debts and submit Disputea to Arbitratioiw

5°8

Persons conceding Debtor's E Hates.

[Penalty.]

If Assignees die, others may be cfcofen.

Courts on Complaint may remove Assignees.

Whero mutual Credit has been given, Balance 'to be Hated.

Persons for not paying Monies

ference and Disputeljetwten them, in such manner as the said Assignee or Assignees with such Consent as aforesaid shall think fit and can agree, and the lame shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

XLVI. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, bp it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protest any Estate Real or Personal of any such Debtor from his Creditors, and shall not within Thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees shall in pursuance of this Act be chosen of any such Debtor's Estate, aifeover and disclose to such Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate in Writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such Assignee or Assignees, he, she or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound*, and also Double the Value of the Estate either Real or Personal so concealed, to or for the Use of the Creditors of any such Debtor, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, in the Name or Names of the Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor's Estate, together with Treble 'Cods of Suit*

XLVII. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant

to the Direction of the several Acts, at the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs,

E-xecutors, Administrators and Assigns refuse to act or meddle therein To remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to .chuse a new Assignee or Assignees in Manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed, and to obtain a new

Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as a Clerk of rthe Peace pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to act or meddle therein), and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are infiifted on them or any of them by this Act for Disobedience in any Part thereof or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns shall refuse to act, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power in a luminary way to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in nis or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVIII. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Dublin, and the Courts of limited Jurisdiction in that Part of the United Kingdom Called Ireland, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in Ireland, or any One of them, from time to time upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement or other Mif-hehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, ana upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or .displaced, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor for the Benefit of the respective Creditor, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same manner and for the fame Intents and Purposes as the fame were before veftea in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrafy notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where mutual Credit hath been giveft between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, before the Delivenr of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of fitch Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required on his and their Parts to date and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned, and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees as .aforesaid, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than whatthall appear to be justly due so him* her or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly (fated.

L. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for Chntempts for A not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writ bf

Excommunicato capiendo or other Process, for or grounded on the Non-payment of Money, Costs of Expet&e)

in some cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt to such Court relating thereto Jt is hereby declared and enacted, That, all such Persons are and shall be entitled to the Benefit bf this Act, on

2 and

A.D. 1811.

i# GEORGII III.

0.123^ 124* 509

and subject to the fame Terms, Conditions and Restrictions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

LI. And whereas a great Number of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt upon Pro*

cefies issuing out of Courts of Conscience/ it is hereby enabled and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, she or they conform to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Aft heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors within the Space of Five Years last past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof so as to be discharged under the fame; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof not* withstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the foleran Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Ajfirmation, who (tall be convicted of wilful and false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever the Insolvent, upon his releasing any Interest he or she may have in the Residuum of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a good and sufficient Witness in any Action or Cause to be instituted by his or her Assignee or Assignees, for the Recovery of any Debts due to the said Insolvent, in the same manner as a Bankrupt may after obtaining his Certificate.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bank* rupt shall have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtue of this Act from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved under such Commission, unless such Commission shall have issued, and such Bankrupt shall have duly surrendered himself or herself to the Commissioners or the major Part of them named in the said Commission, Two Years at the leaf! before the passing of this Act, and shall in all Things have duly conformed himself or herself to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts, and unless the major Part of the Commissioners named in such Commission shall specially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt has so duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Disclosure of all his or her Estate or Eftefts, and in all Things con* dufted himself or herself properly under such Commission; and in all such cases such Bankrupt shall be capa* ble of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under such Commission, in the same manner and upon the fame Terms as any other Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be discharged as to Personal Arrest, for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commission; but nevertheless such Bankrupt and his or her Eftefts shall in all other respects whatsoever remain subject to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts, as be or she would have been if this Act had not been made: Provided always, that in the Notices to be given by such Bankrupt and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provisions of this Act, such Bankrupt shall be described as a Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt has issued and is still in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed 5 and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the TrTith of a Schedule of his or her Estate or Eftefts, shall swear that he or (lie has made a full Disclosure of his or her Eftefts Tinder the said Commission, and that he or she has no Estate or Eftefts which can be vested in an Assignee under this Act, all the Estate and Eftefts of fcich Bankrupt being vested in the Assignee or Assignees under such Commission, by virtue of such Commission, and the Assignment made in pursuance thereof: Provided always, that in case such Commission shall at any time thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the JJifcharge which shall be obtained by virtue of this Act, shall be null and void.

£$>/ as to England^ c. 125. post.]

awarded, Colt*, &c.

Persons imprisoned byComts of Conscience.

Proviso as to Persons having t.iken lienctit of Insolvent Act.

AfTrmation of <*)iukeis taken.

Insolvent, on lelcafing Interest in residue of llftate, a good Witness. Bankrupts; bo* far within Act.

Notices of Bank}

rupt regulated*

Commission fu» perfeded, Discharge void.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act further to extend and render more effectual certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests \ and of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said former Act; and of Two Acts passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provisions of the said former Acts.

[i&July 181 i.J

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the it G. 1. c. t>. First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrfls, it was, amongst other things, §

enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and Twenty nx,

no Persons should be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any superior Court, where the*Cause of Action should not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, nor out of any inferior Court*where the Cause of Action should not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings or upwards; and that in all cases where the Cause of Action should not amount to Ten Pounds or upwards in any such superior Court, or to Forty*Shillings or upwards in any such inferior Court, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs should proceed by way of ProT 4 cess against the Person, he, she or they should not arrest or cause to be arrested the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but should serve him, her or them personally within the Jurisdiction of the Court, with a Copy of the Process, and if such Defendant or Defendants should not appear at the Return of the Process, or within 51 Geo. III. j U ' Four

5io

6.2. c. 27.

§J.

at G 2. c. 3. 19 G. 3. c. 70.

«3-

43 G. 3. c. 46. §i-

No Person heW

to Special Bail, wh^re Cause of Action under 151. (Exception; ) Defendant not to be arrcfltd.

No Special Writ sue'l forth, to compel Appearance.

Proceedings on such Writ or Process void.

No Distringes to issue, for default

C. 114. jf GEORGII in A.D. 1811.

f Four Days after fucti Return, In such case it should be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court of the personal Service of such Process as aforesaid (which Affidavit

should he filed gratis) to enter a Common Appearance or file Common Bail for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her or their Appearance or filed

Common Bail; which Act was explained and amended by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George IIse FirJ, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests: And whereas by the said Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hir said late Majesty King George the Second, it was enacted, that where the Cause of Action should not amount to Ten Pounds or upwards in any superior Court, or to Forty Shillings or upwards in any inferior

Court, no Special Writ or Writs, nor any Process specially therein expressing the Caule or causesof Action; 4 should be sued forth or issued from any such superior or inferior Court, to compel any Person or Persons to appear thereon in such Court or Courts; and all Proceedings and Judgments on any such Writ are thereby" ' declared to be void and of none Effect: And whereas the said several Acts being temporary, the fame were afterwards made perpetual by an Act passed in the Twentieth (a) Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty* 4 King George the Second: And whereas by an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, and for other Purposes, it was enacted, that, from and after the First Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, no Person should be arested or held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any inferior Court; 4 Where the Cause of Action should not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards; but that the like Copies of Process should be served, and the like Proceedings had thereupon in such inferior Court, in all cases where the Cause of Action should not amount to Ten rounds or upwards, as are directed to be had by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in such inferior Court, where the Cause of Action should not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings; any Law or Usage to the contrary not with (landing; and further Provisions were made touching Proceedings in such inferior Courts, in conformity to the Provisions in the said former Act 5 and so much of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed for the Recovery of Debts within any Districts and Jurisdictions, as authorized Arrest and Imprisonment of 1 Defendants where the Cause of Action should amount to lefa than Ten Pounds, was thereby repealed; and further Provisions were made touching Actions in inferior Courts, where the Cause of Action should not amount to Ten Pounds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His MajestyV Reign,

1 intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention offrivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits; and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases, it was enacted, that, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, no Person should be arrested or held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court within those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, for a Cause of Action not originally amounting to such Sum for which such Person was by the Laws then in being liable to be arrested and held to Ban, over and above and exclusive of any Costs, Charges and Expences that may have been incurred, recovered or become chargeable in or about the suing for or recovering the fame, or any Part thereof: And whereas it is expedient to extend and render more effectual the Provisions of the said recited Acts Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, no Person shall be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court where the Cause of Action shall not have originally amounted to the Sum of Fifteen Pounds or upwards, over and above and exclusive of any Costa, Charges and Expences that may have been incurred, recovered or become chargeable, in or about the filing for or recovering the fame or any Part thereof (except where the Cause of such Action shall arise or be maintainable upon or by virtue of any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, in which cases the Parties liable thereupon may be held to Special Bail in such manner as if this Act had not been made); and that in all cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to Fifteen Pounds or upwards, exclusive of such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, (except as hereinbefore is excepted) and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by the Way of Process against the Person, he, she or they shall not arrest or cause to be arrested, the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but ihafl fervehim, her or them personally within the Jurisdiction of the Court, with a Copy of the Process and Proceedings thereupon, in such manner as by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, is provided in cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to Ten Pounds or upwards in any iuperior Court, or to Forty Shillings or upwards in any inferior Court; and that where the Cause of Action in any Court shall not amount to the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, exclusive of such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, (except as hereinbefore is excepted) no Special Writ or Writs, nor any Process speci* ally therein expressing the Cause or Causes of Action, shall, from and after the said First Day of November, be sued forth or inued from any Court, in order to compel 3ny Person or Persons to appear thereon in such Court and all Proceedings and Judgments that shall, from and after the said First Day of November, be had on any such Writ or Process, shall be, and are hereby declared to be void and of no Effect. (a) [7he Twenty

Jirfl: but the Original Act is fof\

II. And whereas the Provisions in the said Acts, authorizing Plaintiffs in Default of Appearance of Defendants to enter a Common Appearance or file Common Bail as therein directed, are not deemed to extend to Proceedings by Original and other Writs, whereupon no Capias is issued, and it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said former Acts to such Proceedings Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaidj That in all cases where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall proceed by Original or other Writ and

*9Summons,

A.D. 1811. .'510 j GEORGII .III. C. 124, 125. 511

Summons, or Attachment thereupon, in any Action against any Person or Persons not having Privilege of Par- of Appearance: lament, no Writ of Distringas shall issue for Default of Appearance, but the Defendant or Defendant! shall Defendant fenred be served personally with the Summons or Attachment, at the Foot of which shall be written a Notice inform- Penally, ing the Defendant or Defendants of the Intent and Meaning of such Service, to the EffetSt following:

4 D.

[naming the Defendant] You are served with this Process at the Suit of A.B.

[naming the Plaintiff

4*or Plaintiffs] to the Intent that you may appear by your Attorney in His Majesty's Court of

at Weffimmfler, at the Return hereof, being the Day of in order to your De-

fence in this Action: And take Notice, that m Default of your Appearance, the said A.B. will cause an Appearance to be entered for you, and proceed thereon as if you had yourself appeared by your Attorney.*

Form of Notice where Defendant cannot be per-foually served.

But in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Court, or, in the Vacation, of any Judge of the In what C'fe

Court, from which such Process shall issue, or into which the same shall be returnable, that the Defendant or Distringas ilTueJ.

Defendants could not be personally served with such Summons or Attachment* and that such Process had been

tiuly executed at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Defendant or Defendants, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, by Leave of the Court, or Order of such Judge as aforesaid,

to sue out a Writ of Distringas to compel the Appearance of such Defendant or Defendants 5 and that at the

Time of the Execution of inch Writ of Distringas there shall be served on the Defendant or Defendants by the Officer executing such Writ, if he, she or they can be then met with 5 and if he, she or they cannot then

be met with, there shall be left at his, her or their Dwelling House or other Place where such Distringas shall be executed, a written Notice in the following Form:

TN the Court of Qspectfying Court in which the Suit shall be detending] between A. B- Notice.

Plaintiff, and C.D. Defendant [naming the Parties.] Take Notice, that I nave this Day distrained

upon your Goods and Chattels for the Sum of Forty Shillings, in consequence of your not having appeared

by your Attorney in the said Court, at the Return of a Writ of returnable there on thfe

Day of and that in Default of your appearing to the present Writ of Distringas at

the Return thereof, being the Day of the said A.B. will cause an Appearance to

x be entered for you, and proceed thereon, as if you bad yourself appeared by your Attorney. E. F.9

[The Name of the Sheriff's Officer.']

x To C.D. the above named Defendant.*

And if such Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of such Original or other Writ, or of When the De-such Distringas, as the case may be, or within Eight Days after the Return thereof, in such case it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court JJK^pirocBedl vf the Personal Service of such Summons or Attachment, and Notice written on the Foot thereof as afore- y P said, or of the due Execution of such Distringas, and of the Service of such Notice as is hereby directed on the Execution of such Distringas, as the Case may be, to enter a Common Appearance for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon, as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her or their Appearance; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such Affidavit or Affidavits may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Court, out of or into which such Writ shall issue or be returnable, authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, or else before the proper Officer for entering Common Appearances in such Court, or his lawful Deputy, and which Affidavit is hereby directed to be filed gratis.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions contained in the said Act of the Nine- 19 G. 3. c. 70. teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting Actions in inferior Courts, where the Cause of respecting Action should Amount to less than Ten Pounds, shall be and the same are hereby, from and after the said First 'h/0*?* Day of November, extended to all Actions in such Courts where the Cause of Action shall not amount to extended0 Fifteen Pounds, exclusive of such Colts, Charges and Expences as aforesaid (except where the Cause of such sufn4 under 15l. Action shall arise or be maintainable upon or by virtue of any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promissory Note or Promiffoij Notes, in which case the Parties liable thereupon may be held to Special Bail, in such manner as

if this Act had not been made); and that so much of any Act or Acts of Parliament, heretofore passed for So much of Acts the Recovery of Debts within certain Diltrkds and Jurisdictions, which may have authorized the Arrest and authoming Ar-Imprisonment of Defendants, where the Cause of Action amounts to Ids than Fifteen Pounds, exclusive of rest* f?J?trary* Yuen Cods, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby, from and after the First Day repea of November, repealed.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to those Proviso for Scot -

'.Parts of the United Kingdom called Scotland and Ireland.'land and Ireland.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the First Day of Continuance. November, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then

next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

[9th July 1811.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present crowded State of the Prisons and Gaols in England and Wales, that some of the Prisoners confined therein, truly surrendering their Effects to their Creditors, should be liberated, and enabled to pursue their different Professions and Occupations Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Gao|cra to fame. That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison in any out Lists of Pri-County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England or Wales} shall and is and are hereby fonminCustody

U 2 required 011 xftMiy 1811,

512

Keepers of Pri-tens to take Oath when they deliver in Lilts*

Oath.

Oith admi-rilterrd in open Court.

Lifts to be kept by Clerk of the Peace, and ex-; imi.ied gratis.

Copy of Li Is fixed up in Pri-i'otrs, before De. livery to Sessions.

Piitoners for Debt not exceed-jt<g 2, ocol. dif-ciuo^ed.

Further F.xten-fi n cf Relief in Cases while Piifor.ers have been in Custody Five or Ten Years.

C. 125. 5i* GEORGII IU. A.D. 1811.

required to make a true, exact and perfect Lift alphabetically of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who upon the First Day.; of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, was or were, or have lince continued to be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lift shall be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of any Prison respectively, upon any Procef9 whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, or Contempt for Non-payment of Money; and an Account of the time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained, together with the Amount of such Debts as the said Prisoner or Prisoners are detained for; and shall deliver the same to the Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace, to' be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City, Division* Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and every other Keeper or Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty in England or Wales, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in the open Court of such General Quarter-Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess and declare,

That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the First

Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, really and truly Prisoners ia actual Custody in the Prison of [insert the Name of the P rtf on] at the Suit or Suits of the Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Second Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid

have since the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, been committed or furren-

dered to the said Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Per-

Tons therein respectively mentioned; and that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein

contained, was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, as appears by the Returns

made to me on his and their respective Commitments. So help me GOD.*

Which the said Justices, at their First or Second General Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn to in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, of every such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named, and so as the fame may from time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Keeper or Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison or Gaol is and are hereby required, Ten Days at least before the First or Second General Qua. ter-Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act, for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prison or Gaol, shall be or to which the same shall belong, to fix up in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison or Gaol, and at the most frequented or usual Gate, Door or Entrance into every such Prison or Gaol, Three or more true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter-Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Non-payment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two thousand Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall as to his Person and Effects respectively be for ever rclcafed, discharged and exonerated to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and no otherwise.

4 V. And whereas many bonest but unfortunate Persons whose Debts exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, although willing to surrender their Effects for the Benefit of their Creditors, have been confined in Gaol many Years, and but for the Inlerposition of the Legislature will be doomed to perpetual Imprisonment* Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Person or Persons who on the First Day of May last was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and who shall have been confined in any Gaol of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Space of Five Years, for such or any other Debt or Debts; and all and every Person or Persons who on the said First Day of May last was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts to any Amount, and who shall have been confined in any Gaol of the United Kingdom of Great Britain jaucl Ireland for such or any other Debt or Debts for the Space of Ten Years, shall, on taking the Oath hereby

directed

S>3

A.D. 181 i. 51° GEORGII III. C. 115.

directed to be taken by other Debtors claiming their Discharge under this Act, and in all other respects performing on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, be respectively discharged, releasea and exonerated, as to his Person and Effects, to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and not otherwise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of Justice*may, on any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England and Wales, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon duiC5j issue War* every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the ram* to brinj Justice or Justices so petitioning (a), a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of them to Quarter-his or her Real and Perfooal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter-Sections next ensuing Seffiun*. after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, (and at the Foot of which said Schedule the Gaoler or other proper Officer shall set forth and sign the Amount of the Debt or Debts with which such Prisoner was charged on the said First Day of May) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the Case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, City, Town,

Place or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol aforesaid at the time aforesaid 5 for which Copy or Copies of such Cause or Causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other proper Officer or Person, who shall make out and transcribe the fame at least Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices, every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler* is and are hereby commanded to obey. (a) [So in the Original

VII. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the passing of this Act and the next General c Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace, which would he the means of detaining in Prison a Num- ber of Persons who with their Families are in the greatest Distress; Be it further enacted, That it shall Special Session. and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after passing this Act, for the Purpose of 3dminiftcring the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule which shall be left or delivered Schedule*to rec. in as aforesaid, shall be and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk "P1*1 Cleric of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the same shall have been so left, there of the l>cace* to remain and be inspected from time to time as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner

who shall desire to inspect the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part Debtors intend-of the United Kingdom called England and Wales, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated in?.r£^, or under this Act, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in Three several London Ga*.ettesy previous to ^kc°in such General or Quarter-Session or General Session of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, at which such Ap- octette,&c. plication shall be made; and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any such Gaol, out of London, or the

Weekly Bills of Mortality, or shall have moved himself by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, then also'in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or file shall be or have been so in Custody, containing the Name,

Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode (if so many) of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison wherein he, she or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respectively, to bc> the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of publishing each of such Notices; and for the jnferting each of the said Notices in the London Gazette^ or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four Pence and no more; the First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively, and in the said other Newspapers, as the Case may require, Twenty one Days at the least, and the last of the said Notices Six Days at the least before any such First or Second General Quarter-Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that aa well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on mesne Process or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

X. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, where he or she shall, according to the Directions of this Act, Debtors to Je-putlish the First Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall in fitch Notice declare 1, Vq S(£fdl that the Schedule containing his or hrr intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be hrfl-

sworn to in manner as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Do- ^crice. pnty of such Keeper or Gaolet1 of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such IJebtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper, or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such First Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian Name and Surname, to be attested by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy 5 and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver One such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, p; ior to such his First

7 Notice

514 C.I25. 5'° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Notice to be given as aforesaid, be or (he upon due* Proof made of such Neglect or Refusal, to the Sattsfadion of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgement of his having received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, ligned by himself, upon Requell made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within Thirty Days after Demand made 5 and if any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy shall neglect or refuse to conform to the Directions hereby given him respecting such Schedule, every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy so offending shall be punished. (a) (a) [So in the Original Afi.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following; that is to say,

form of Notice.

Pehtors proving that Notices have been given, shall in open Court deliver in certain Sihe--dules and-take Oath.

Oath.

T \jnfert the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of

Abodc % iffo many"] now confined in \_insert the Name of the Prison and County^ and not being charged in 1 Custody on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money exceeding in the Whole the Sum of the case may he\ [and if claiming to be discharged on

account of the Length of Time of Imprisonment, then to set forth the time] do hereby give this [ First, Second or«Third] public Notice, that I intend to take the Benefit of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present« Majesty's Reign, intituled, \Jhercfet forth the Title of this Act, and if it be the first Notice then add] And I do 1 hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my Real and Personal

Estate, hereafter to be (worn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the

Keeper or Gaoler or his Deputy of the said Prison.'

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and countersigned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, who shall apply to the General or Quarter-Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes and Newspapers respectively before mentioned to the said Justices at any such Session or Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the London Gazettes and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid, and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in the Prison or Gaol in which his, her or their Name or Names is or are specified in a List delivered in at such First or Second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and shall in open Court at the said General Quarter-Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe or deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled unto, or was or were in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, or which he, she or they, or such Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of, or chargingfor his, her or their Benefit or Advantage, at any time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Name of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became due and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts; and shall also make Oath and swear to the following Effect, according to the special Circumstances, so far as the same shall be confident with the Provisions herein after contained 5 that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Prefenee of Almighty God, do folemly swear, protest and declare*

1 that on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, I was really ana truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of in the Prison or Gaol of at the Suit of

without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that I have ever since my Commitment

' continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of £or mentioning some other Prison, as the case may be-\ or within the Liberties

thereof, at the Suit of and without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the

Schedule now delivered by me and Tubscribed, doth contain, to the bed of my Knowledge, Remembrance and

Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods and Effects, Estates Real and

Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, and of every other Nature and Kind whatso- ever, which I or any Person in Trust for me or for my Benefit or Advantage arc seized or possessed of,

interested in or entitled to, or was or were in my Possession, Custody or Power, or in the Possession, Custody

or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or such i Person had any Power of disposing of or charg-€ ing for my Benefit or Advantage, at any time since my vCommitment to* Prison 5 and of all Debts to me ' owing, or to any Person or Persons in, Trust for me, and of all the Securities and Contracts whereby any

Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or*, any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts.

A.D. 1811. 51^- GEORGII III. C.r25. 515

9 tracts, (if any such there be) 5 and that neither I, nor any Person or Persons in Trad for me, or for my

Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Estate Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or

Expectancy, orof any Nature or Kind soever, or Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and the necessary Implements for my Occupation and calling, together with a 4 Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty

Pounds; and that I have not, nor any Person for me, hath directly or indirectly fold, lessened or otherwise

conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock,

Debts, Securities, Contracts, or Estates Real or Personal, whereby to secure the fame, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to horn I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever.'So help me GOD. 1

And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Debtor subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in Schedule and open Session of the Peace as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, °ath subscribed Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, byDebtor»* where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtori who shall desire or may have Occasion to resort thereto 5 and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at season-able times in the Day-time, to peruse and examine the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions at any Court at Re-such General Quarter-Sessions or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or quell of Credi-Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the Fleet and

King's Bench Prison, or any other under Officer, Tipstaff and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, or any other #0, cr

Person within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court by any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices of the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter-Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtors, then such Justices shall, in such Session or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners; and every such Order shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or EiVapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Estate and Ef-

and Trust of such Debtor, of, in and unto all the Real Estate as well Freehold and Copyhold as Customary, fe&s of Debtors and to all the Personal Estate, Debts and Effects of every such Debtor, shall immediately after such Adjudica- dist^arged, vefte4 tion be, and the fame is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk peace*r whokto of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty or Place where any assign fame to Debtors shall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer such Creditor* as* acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every Court shall di-such Debtor's Estate and Effects, vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as 1 rul*'

Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justices at any General

Or Quarter-Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct; which Assignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being written on Parchment or Paper damped, to veil the £ dates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so amgned and conveyed*, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest which tWe Debtor had therein; and every such Assignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor in respect of or in Proportion to their respective Debts 5 and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time as there may be Occasion, in his, her or their own Name or Names for the Recovery and obtaining any Estate or Effects of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trust or Powder vested in or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trust for the Benefit of him or them and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be requisite; and every such Anignee or Assignees shall Assignees to with all convenient Speed after his or their accepting such Assignment or Conveyance, use his and their best l^(Pe}lor9 Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor, and shall, with all convenient*'

Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion or Expectancy, the fame within the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance shall be sold by public Auction, in such manner and at such Place as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who shall assemble toge-theron any Notice in Writing published in the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper printed and published in London, if the Debtor before his or her going to Prison resided in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some printed Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor resided before he or she was committed to Prison, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his Hand

or

5>6

and to make Dividends.

Notice of making Dividends.

Affiances orthoir Heirs, not delivering over such r.ft.ite or Balance.

imprisonment.

Certain Creditors for Annuities to receive Dividends as under Commission of Bankruptcy.

Estates of Debtors not inserted in Schedule verted in Clerk 4i the Peace.

Holders of Security s withe*it Consideration, not entitled to Benent.

Ertatesto veil in CLrk of the X*eace for the time being.

No Suit m Law or Equity without Content of M ijority of Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of I^ebts of an inferior Nature.

C. 125. 51 GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

or their Hands agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months at tho farthest from the time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and EfFedls which shall have been then fecovered amongst hit or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignee3 shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath in Writing before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, Town, Liberty or Place in which any such Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and EfFedls of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Afiig-nees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged, were truly and bona Jicie made and paid; and Notice of the making of every, such Dividend shall be published in like manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, Thirty Days at lead before the same shall b.e made, and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his Debt, by Oath, on due Proof in Writing before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be diffatislied with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fame, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act at the next General or Quarter-Session, or at some Adjournment thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and EfFedls of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any deceased Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part of such Estate or EfFedls, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Estate or Effects found to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Alugnees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Person or Persons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Act, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants or other Securities of any Nature whatever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors wotrld have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and wilhe/t Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherxvife than as the Came would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

XVII. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omifiioa in the Schedule not containing the Whole of the Estate Real or Personal, belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this Act, be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she or they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Estate of such Debtor, unless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General or Quarter-Session or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the fame bona Jide, and for good or valuable Consideration.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right,

Title, Interest or Trust, of any Debtor or Debtors shall have vested by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust, shall become vested in the Sucicessor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as-Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever under the Provisions of this Act.

XX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Law or Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor's Estate and EfFedls without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at leall Ten Days before such Meeting in the London Ga % ettCy or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Residence of such Debtor or Debtors, for that Purpose.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or Personal Estate or EfFedls comprised in or charged or affcdled by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Estates of such Debtor or Debtors; and also, where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognisance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any

le

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 125; 517

any such Judgment before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of any such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto in the first Place for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor or Debtors respectively, if this Act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas many Persons, who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, are seised

and possessed of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their na-« tural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Estates for

One, Two or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon

Lives, or have Powers over Real or Personal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for their own Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtor; 9 Be

it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and every the Powers of leafing Power of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all other such Powers as aforesaid over Real or Personal Lands, &c. vested Estate, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be and are herebyn Assignees. vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General or Quarter-Session or Adjourned Sef- Gaoler.on Re-fion of the Peace to which any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act shall, if required by any quest of Creditor, Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer to lobefworn. the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to

be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the Effect following $ that is to lay,

T do swear, That was really and truly a Oath.

Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison of or in Custody, in some other

Prison [as the case may he] to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his [or, her]

Commitment or Detainer, now by me brought, with the Body of the said

and produced to the said Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of such Commit-« ment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.

And if any Person who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, on If Person de-the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or since, shall not happen to be the Keeper livcring in Lift or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the time any such Lift as aforesaid is xft

hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Session or at any Adjourned Session may and £e flull uke the*

are hereby required to administer to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler of any following OaUu such Prison or Gaol, or deputed Keeper thereof, and deliver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter-Session or Adjourned Session, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect following; that is to say,

J do swear. That I have examined the Commitments or Books Oath.

4 of or concerning the Commitments of Prisoners to the Prison of [in the County,

City, Riding, Divtjion, City, Town, Place or Liberty,] and that I do verily believe that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment are really true and not fiditious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison or Gaol [or other Prison, as the case may be] without Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person or Persons, to my Knowledge or Belief.

So help me GOD.

XXIV. And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Prison or At Request of Gaol Books, be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General or Quarter-Session or Adjourned Session, Creditors,

are hereby authorized, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner, to convene before them*

at some certain time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler, Sessions,

or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison or Gaol within their respective Jurisdictions, on the said First touching Corn-Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or at any time since, and examine every such Keeper or mitments.

Gaoler or deputed* Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such General or Quarter-Session or Adjourned Session shall think fit;

and if any Sheriff, Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring before Sheriffs kc. dif.

any such Justices, at any Session of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, any such Prisoner as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that 0 u ces*

Purpose, he shall on Conviction suffer.Six Months Imprisonment; or if any Keeper or Gaoler attending shall Iraprisonment.

refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises as shall be reasonably required, at such General or

Quarter-Session or Adjourned Session, he, she or they so offending in the Premises shall for every such Offence

pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Penalty.

Courts of Record at Westminster.by Action of Debt.

51 Geo. III. 3 X XXV. And

5l8

Gaoler and Printer of Gazette or Newspaper not complying w*.th Regulations cf Ad.

Penalty*

Gaolers commiting Perjury.

[Penalty.]

Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Discharge.

Penalty*

Debtors falsely

swearing.

Perjury.

Debtors discharged not liable to be iropii-foned for Debts prior to ill May

a8 xx.

prisoners not Surcharged of Debts subsequent

lo lit May 1811<

C. 125. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, or his Deputy or Deputies* shall without just Cause, to be approved of by the Justices at some General Quarter-Session or General Session or Adjourned Section of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter-Session or General Session or Adjourned Session of the Peace, in order to his or her Discharge; or shall neglect, refuse or dciignedly omit to insert in any such Lift the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid; or if any Keeper or Gaoler, or -deputed Keeper or Gaoler shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said Oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the London Gazette or other Newspaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request made to him for that Purpose; every such Keeper and Gaoler of such Prison and Prisons, his Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to such Prisoner, in every such caie injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which shall and may be recovered .with Treble Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of the said Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EfFoigu, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, or any Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, shall, in taking of the afore' mentioned Oaths, forfvvear and perjure themselves, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper ol* Gaoler of such Prison or Prisons shall (over and above the Penalties to be inflicted on Persons convicted of Perjury) upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cods, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lYestminster % wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his and their Executors and Administrators, to whom an AlBgnment or Conveyance in pursuance of this Act shall be made of the Estate and Effects.of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in the Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties, to be applied, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such Creditor or Creditors.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication, on the Payment of Two Shillings, or shall take more than Two Shillings and Six Pence for such Copy, Or shall take more than One Shilling for an Assignment or Conveyance of such Prisoner's Ellate or Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such General or Quarter-Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Justice6 of the Peace at such General or Quarter-Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor as aforesaid, who shall come or be brought up to such General or Quarter-Session, or Adjournment thereof, under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, lie, (he or they so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non-payment of Money, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Colb, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Procefo issued, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs which he* (he or they shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered (b to do ou such Prisoner's causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him on every such Action or Suit.

XXX. And whereas under former Atts of this kind, Doubts have arisen what was to be done with 4 fu£h Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and stood charged with Debts as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective A&sTo remedy which, be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subsequent to the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and if it shall appear to the Justices at any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as k well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, that in such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts which shall appear to their Satisfaction, by the Oath of such Prisoner not

J, being

A.D. 1811.

5i° GEORGII III. C. 125. '519.

being disproved (or otherwise} to have been incurred previous to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts which he or she Hands charged with in his Custody, which shall appear to the Justices to have heen incurred subsequent to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and their Order for such Discharge shall indemnify the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escapes, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them; any thing to the contrary herein notwithstanding. )

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action to be brought Act pleaded to against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, for performing their Action of Escape* Office in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if &c*

the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment upon Demurrer,

[Treble Costs.]

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant shall have

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias or Action of Debt or upon Judgment, shall Act pleaded ge-be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained nerally by Pri* against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said f°ners*

First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison or in some other Prison, at such a Person's Suit on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter. Session or General Session or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County,

Liberty, City, Town or Place (according to his, her or their case) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, to plead in discharge of his or her Person from Execution, (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case may be) was contracted or due before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plantiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff be non-suited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment or (a) Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Costs. (a) [60 in the Original ji8.] Treble Costy

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person being aPri- Prisoners, who, foner charged in Execution on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and 00 Application having before or since that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed to the several Provisions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and been remanded by the Court remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to back, and since continue in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him such weekly or discharged with-other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such case, during such time as such Prisoner should out iheir Con-remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution

shall have been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, without hisor^ her own Privity or Consent subsequent to the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and before the Day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Discharge, to the fame Relief and Advantage to alf Intents and Purposes whatsoever, which he or she might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, AS not to ex-to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor or any other Person or Persons acting or pretending' ScrVanr to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged, for any Money or other embezzling*1 Effects recovered or received by him or them for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Money. Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor or any other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed

or converted to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Person'

or Persons employed or entrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she or they shall stand charged, for or on account of any Money, Goods or other Effects received or possessed by him,

her or them, for the Use and on Account of his, her or their Master or Masters or Employers, and by such

Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use; any thing herein contained

to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; except where such Persons shall have been confined in Exception.

Prison for the Space of Ten Years la ft pall.

XXXV. And whereas many evil disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, by various

subtile Stratagems, Threats and Devices, and under assumed and fictitious Name or Names for the Purpose of obtaining Credit, have fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, or Securities for Money, Goods and

Merchandizes, to the great Injury of Trade and Credit; Be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly Norto Perfom and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, or under any fictitious Name or Names assumed for the Purpose obtaining Money of obtaining Credit, shall have obtained . from any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, faV^PretoTccs* Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or fictitious

3X2 or Names.

520 C. 125.

5i GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Exception.

Evidence of Objection* given.

Proviso as to Prisoners reminded to Prison under any Insolvent AO,

ncy, Sec,

[Proviso.]

and as to Persons charged in

Exec.-lion for Damaees recovered in AO'u.n

or Discharge by or under this Act; but on due Proof of such fraudulent Conduct as aforesaid, the Justicea shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from which he or she shall have been brought up to take the Benefit of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; except where such Person shall have been confined m Prison for the Space of Ten Year# la ft past.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Truth of each of the Objections and Exceptions aforesaid against the obtaining the Benefit of this Act, shall be proved by the Testimony upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, besides the Testimony upon Oath of the Person or Persons making such Objections, or other legal Proof or Evidence admilfible in a Court of Law: Provided always, that no Prisoner, who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects, which were for fraudulently subject or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former obtaining Mo- Act, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment, fmee his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Discharge under such former Act, or shall have taken a false Oath under such Act, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge under this Act, but shall be remanded to Prison as aforesaid by the Justices before whom he or she shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Act: Provided always, that such Objections or Exceptions were supported by such Proof or Evidence as is hereinbefore provided and directed to be made under this present Act, and not otherwise; and that no Person shall be permitted to make the Objections in this Act mentioned against any Prisoner, except a detaining Creditor, or such Person or Persons as have commenced their Action or Actions against such Prisoner previous to the First Day of May last past, grounded on the Matters in the said Exceptions mentioned: Provided also, that no Person charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Comrerfation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in Action for seducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Action for a malicious Prosecution, or in any Action for any other malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this for(YiminalCon- Act, except only in cases where the Plaintiff in such Actions respectively shall be dead, and no Person shall verfiticm, &c. have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such Plaintiff within Twelve Exception. Months after his Decease; except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXVII. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Messuages, Houses and other Premises,

# have, with fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, 1 Cattle, Furniture, Goods or other Effects, which were subject or liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction and as to Person#«of the said Rents; Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners who in a secret, clandeffine orfmuV, v iEffcif* fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused to be removed within Six Years, any such Stock, Cattle, I Furniture, Goods or Effects of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be

distrained by their respective Landlord or Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act, but shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; provided such Proof shall be made thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Act, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXVIII. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, ' conveyed or alligned their Estate or Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody ' of Law or imprisoned under some Process of Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or«Assignment hath been fraudulently made, to the Injury of his Creditor or Creditors, though it hath been

end mi to Person*«difficult to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design; Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by* felling or assign- One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to fraud Creditor!" any ^er^on or P?rf°na all or any Part of his Estate or Effects subsequent to the time of his Imprisonment, without just Cause for so doing, to be determined by the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment is hereby declared null and void, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXIX. And whereas many Prisoners squander and expend great Part of their remaining Property by*playing at Cards, Dice or other unlawful Games, to the great Injury of their Creditors Be it enacted,

and as to Persons That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to discharge or release any Prisoner who hath loGng Money at or shall have loft, in any one Day since the Date of his Commitment to Prison for any Debt with which he

didrained for Rent.

Exception.

Exception.

Play.

Exception.

flood charged on the First Day of May last, the Sum or Value of Twenty Pounds, or in the Whole since such Commitment as aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds in playing at or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards or other Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid; but on due Proof thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Justices assembled at such Quarter-Session or Adjourned Session before which such Prisoner shall be brought, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to remand such Prisoner to Gaol; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C. 125.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall and is hereby required to suffer any Person or Persons desiring the same to fee and speak with in the Day-time, either in the Lodge Or other convenient Room in the said Prison, any Prisoner or Prisoners whose Names are inserted in the before mentioned List or Lists, or the London Gazette or other Newspapers, in manner aforesaid, and also to lee in the true and genuine Books of the said Prison the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, Debtor or Debtors, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, she or they are or were detained; and if any such Keeper or Gaoler shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison or Prisons shall make or cause to be made any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who was or were not in actual Custody as aforesaid (except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall be excepted) every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper shall, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced by any such false Entry or Entries, which Penalties shall and may* be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being thereunto required by any Creditor or Creditors, shall refuse to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, or when come to such Lodge shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and the last Place of Abode or Habitation, to the bed of his or her Knowledge or Belief, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she was detained or charged in Custody, without some reasonable Cause being shewn for such Refusal, every such Debtor, on Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter-Session of the Peace or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; any thine herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And whereas the next General Quarter- Session of the Peace for the County of Surrey, which shall happen after the passing of this Act, may be in the farthest Part of the County, and upwards of

Twenty Miles from the Prisons where Debtors are confined; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as shall be assembled at the General Quarter-Sel-fion of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, next after the passing of this Act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said Session to the Session House in Horsemonger Laney in the Parish of Newington, in the said County of Surrey, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this Act by the several Gaolers within the said County, and for the Discharge of Prisoners or other Debtors according to the Powers, Limitations and Directions of this Act; and it shall not be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for the bringing up of any Prisoner or Prisoners in order to his, her or their Discharge under the Provisions of this Act, at any Quarter-Session or Adjourned Session of the Peace, other than such as shall be holden at the Session House in Horsemonger Laney in the Parish of Newington aforesaid.

XLIV. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of

Tori or Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all of which.

have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors,

Prisoners therein, to the Quarter-Session of such Riding or Division, the fame will be a very great Charge, not only to such Gaoler but also to the Prisoners in these large Counties; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties, (or any other County or Counties where the Prisons are at a Distance from the Place where the Sessions are held) at the Common or County Gaol thereof respectively, or at any other Gaol or Gaols within the said Counties, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet and to hold Session there by Adjournment from their respective Quarter-Session, from time to time, for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations and Directions of this Act.

XLV. And whereas the District or Division of Holland in the said County of Lincoln, is distant near

Forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expendve for the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division, to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol, for the sole Purpose of dif-« charging the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given Be it therefore enacted, That, for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or District of Holland may adjourn their original Sessions to the County Gaol, or to some Place near thereunto; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting either for the Parts of Lindsey, Kesteven or Hollandy to hold such adjourned Session for the sole Purpose of discharging such Prisoners, Notice of the Adjournment of such original Sessions being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the

said

521

Gaolers not permitting Prisoners to be l'pokcn with, or Entry in Books of Pi i — Con to be feea.

[Penalty.]

Gaoler making falle Euuios.

[Penalty.]

Debtors refuting to discoverTrade and Abode of Person at nhofe Suit detained, excluded Benefit of Ait.

Jitficcs for Surrey may ad. j >urn to S-ilion House in Horsemonger Dune.

Justices for York and Lincoln may hold a Stftion near to County GauL

Justices for

District of Holland may hold an Adjourned Selfiou.

5 22

Prisoners in Cur-tody for Prison Fees, discharged.

Act not to extend to Debtors of the Crown or such Offenders, unless Treat ury consent.

Determination of Justices final, unless Debtor gets rid of Objections to Dif-chorge.

Estates of which 'Prisoners are'seised in Tail, delivered up to ^Creditors,

Assignees may apply for further Examination of Debtors to Two Justices.

.115. 5i' Georgii III. a.d.1811.

said Court, so far as the same relate to or affect the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, in any of the Gaols of England and Wales > and now remain, for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands due of claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties* or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall certify their Consent, under their Hands, to the said Justices at their said Session or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And whereas under former Acts Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble in

attending every Session and Adjournment, during the whole Continuance of this Act (a), to oppose the

Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after

having been before one Session and refused a Discharge, gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and ' Adjournment of their intended Application to he discharged, with the foie View of harafing and sub-

jesting to Inconvenience their Creditors; ' To remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purpo fes, unless the Debtor shall get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; and that the fame may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to state the Obicftions why such Debtor's Discharge is refused by them; and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at some one subsequent Session within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been so remanded, upon Application of the Prisoner, and due Proof on Oath or otherwise to the Satisfaction of the Justices in Session or Adjournment, of such Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at lead Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the London Gazette in manner before directed by this Act, to order such Prisoner to be brought before them, and if they shall then be of Opinion that the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled thereto, and, if a Prisoner, to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other respects conforming to the Directions of this Act. (a) [&? in the Original

XLIX. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which Entail, ' with the Remainders thereon expectant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a

Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries whereby the said Freehold Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments of such Person or Persons would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, 1 and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors; Be it therefore further enacted, That in every such case such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the same shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, ' and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VL. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large lYanfactions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry and great Debts

and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of 1 Estates subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders, or

other contingent Estates, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests in Estates both 1 Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before i directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his

Aid and Assistance to adjust, make out, recover or manage for the Benefit of his Creditors; Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the tespective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain his, her or their Discharge in puri uance of this Act, or apy other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty where such' Debtor or Debtors shall be then redding, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined a's to any Matters and Things relating to his, her or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them fuqh Debtor or Debtors by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as they shall think fit, and upon such Debtor's appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such

Debtor

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII IH. C. 125. 523

Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful Excuse, allowed by such Jufliqes, or being come before them shall refuse to be sworn or to answer such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her or them relating to the Discovery of his, her or their Estate or Effects so veiled or intended to be veiled in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of (a) such Assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to apprehend such Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such time as he,

(lie or they shall submit him, her or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Quellions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her or them, for the Purposes aforesaid. (a) [So in the Original Sift.]

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Debtors by Fraudulent Dif-virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear that the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the charges void. Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then and in every such case every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at all times hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees with Assignees of the Eiiate or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chosen in pursuance of this Act, by Consent of Ma-and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be ^Creditors U* present at a Meeting to be had on Twenty one Days' Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter miy compound mentioned, in the London Gazette, if the Debtor was in Custody in London, or within the W eekly Bills of Debts andfuh-Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be publishedin the County, City or Place in or mit Dispute* to near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compositions with any Person or Persons Arbitration, or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to submit any Difference or Dispute Between such Assignee or Assignees and any Person or Persons for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Cause or Thing relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Affigftee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

LIII. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees at the Time of his < or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns refuse to act

or meddle therein; ' To remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to if Assignees die, and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to chuse a new Assignee or Assignees, and to obtain others maybe

a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting a9 Clerk chosen. of the Peace pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns to act or meddle therein) and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are inflicted on them or any of them by this Act for Disobedience in any Part thereof or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns shall refuse to act, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act 5 and the said Justices shall have Power in a Summary way to oblige the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assignaof such Assignee or Assignees to account for and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in lm or their Hands* to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LIV. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts on Cork Courts at Westm'tnjler, and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and the Counties Palatine of Chester* Lan- plaint may re-caster and Durham respectively, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors move Assignees. -was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud or Misconduct of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the Removal of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same manner and for the fame Intents and Purposes as the fame were before hefted in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided -

524

In cases of mutual Credit Balance to be dated.

Perform impri-ibned by Courts of Conscience entitled to Benefit of Act.

Lids to b# returned of them to Setikn.

Affirmation of Quakers taken.

Justices may amend Notices and Schedules in Matters of Forna.

Insolvent, on re-Icafing his Interest, a good Witness.

Future Estates of Debtors dil-chaigpd under lliis Act liable.

What Persons n<t entitled to Kelief.

Bankrupts, how fai'availed by this Act.

C. 125. 51° GEORGII in A.D. 1811.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where mutual Credit hath been given between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act and any other Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politick, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required on his and their Parts to state and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vetted in such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as the Ettate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors than what shall appear to be juttly due to him, her or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Accounts when truly stated.

1 LVI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt upon Processes issuing out of Courts of Conscience; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, she and they conform to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act; and the Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of all and every Gaol, Prison or other Place of Confinement, in which any Person or Persons are confined, or charged in Execution with Debts under Process or Processes issuing out of or from such Courts of Conscience, are hereby required to make out and deliver to4the Justices assembled at the next Quarter-Session or Adjourned Session of the Peace, a true List or Lists of the Prisoners in their Custody so confined or charged in Execution, in like manner as the Gaolers or Keepers of other Prisons are directed by this Act*

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LVIII. And whereas Debtors are frequently, to the Injury of themselves and their Creditors, remanded back to Prison on account of mere Errors or Omissions in point of Form relating to their Notices or the making out of their Schedules, or other Proceedings directed by this Act; y it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices assembled at such Quarter-Session or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to amend such Matters of Form or to supply such Omissions, or to correct such Errors in the said Notices, Schedules or other Proceedings directed by this Act, as shall appear to the said Justices to have arisen from Ignorance or Mistake of the Parties, without remanding back the said Prisoner or Prisoners; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever the Insolvent, upon his releasing any Interest he or she may have in the Residuum of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a good and sufficient Witness in any Action or Cause to be instituted by his or her Assignee or Assignees for the Recovery of any Debts due to the said Insolvent, in the same manner as a Bankrupt may after obtaining his Certificate.

LX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the future Estate or Effects, Real or Personal, of any Person or Persons discharged under this Act, whether such. Person or Persons shall or shall not have been charged in Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing or demandable from any such Person or Persons, or in respect of which any such Person or Persons was or were in Custody 5 and all and every Person or Persons entitled to receive or be paid any such Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, shall have all such. and the like Remedies in Law or Equity against tuch future Estate and Effects, other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of such Person or Persons and their Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the Person of the Party for Payment thereof, as he, she or they might have had if this Act had not been made 5 and in any* case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could, before the passing of this Act, have been enforced only by Commitment, either on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Persons liable thereto, the Party interested therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the Person or Persons who ought to have paid the fame for what shall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like manner as if the Sum remaining unsatisfied had been Money lent and advanced by or Money had and received for the Use of the Person having such Demand, but shall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Estates and Effects only, and shall not be entitled to arrest or take in Execution the Party against whom such. Demand shall be enforced.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, within the Space of Five Years last past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtue of this Act from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved under such Commission, unless such Commission shall have issued, and such Bankrupt shall have duly surrendered himself or herself to the Commissioners, or the major Part of them named in the said Commission, Two Years at the lead before the passing of this Act, and shall in all things have duly conformed himself or herself to the several Statutes

14. concerning

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

C. 1x5, 126. 5*5

concerning Bankrupts; and unless the major Part of the Commissioners named in such Commission Audi specially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt has so auly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Disclosure of all his or her Estate or Effects, and in fell things conduced himself or herself properly under such Commission; and in all such cases such Bankrupt shall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under such Cora-mission, in the same manner and upon the fame Terms as any other Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be uncharged as to personal Arrest for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commission; but nevertheless such Bankrupt, and his or her Effects, shall in all other respects whatsoever remain subject to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts, as he or she would have been if this Act had not been made.

LXIII. Provided always, That in the Notices to be given by such Bankrupt, and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provisions of this Act, such Bankrupt shall be described as a Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt has issued and is still in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed 5 and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of his or her Estate or Effects, shall swear that he or she has made a full Disclosure of his or her Effects under the said Commission, and that he or she has no Estate or Effects which can be vested in an Assignee under this Act, all. the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt being vested in the Assignee or Assignees under such Commission by virtue of such Commission, and the Assignment made in pursuance thereof.

LXIV. Provided always, That in case such Commission shall at any time thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the Discharge which shall be obtained by virtue of this Act shall be null and void.

[Sec at to Ireland^ c. 123. ante,]

Notices of such Bankrupt regulated.

Whea Commission ufuperfeded, Discharge void.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights.of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Huttings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.

[9th July 1811.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 18 c it. the Second, intituled, An Act to -explain and amend the Laws, touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of the United Kingdom called England, it is, amongst other things, §7.

provided, that the Expences of erecting Booths and of engaging Poll Clerks, (horrid be borne and defrayed by < the respective Candidate or Candidates at such Elections, in the cases and in-manner as in the same Act are more particularly mentioned and provided for: And whereas the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in* :

Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, is, by theiaft Determination of the House of Commons, ' of the Nineteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, declared to be in the*Inhabitants Househdlders, paying Scotland Lot, of the United Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John,

and of the several Parishes of Saint Paul Consent Garden, Saint Anne, Saint James, Saint George Hanover

Square, Saint Martin In the Fields, Saint dement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, /including so much and such Parts of the said Parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand9

4 as are within the Liberties, Districts, Limits or Jurisdictions of the Duchy of Lancaster) and of the Liberty or District of Saint Martin le Grand, in the County of Middlesex, and of the Precinct of The Savoy:

And whereas the Number of Persons entitled to vote under and by virtue of such last Determination, is vfty coftsiderable, and far Exceeding in Number the Voters in many of the Counties of the Kingdom j and there is no convenient public Building within the said City, wherein to hold the Election, and to take a 4 Poll in Writing of the Electors, in the Event of the fame being legally demanded: And whereas by reafoa*of the Populousness of the said City, the taking of a Poll in Writing is attended with considerable Expence,

from the Nnmber of Clerks necessarily employed therein: And whereas Controversies having of late arifeo,

as to the Payment of the Expences attending the building of a convenient Booth or Hustings, heretofore ufufeUy erected for the holding of such Election, and of the Expences attending the Clerks employed in the taking of a Poll, when demanded, it has been deemed expedient, under the Circumstances aforesaid, to make '* some certain Provision for defraying such necessary Expences by extending the Directions and Provisions of the said Act in that Behalf to the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of

Westminper: Now, to the Intent that a Stop may in future be put to such Controversies as aforesaid, and A

the ill Consequences of the fame, and for maintaining good Order and Uniformity of Proceedings within

that populous City and.Borough, which is of great Consequence to the whole Kingdom; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by ai)d with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That - Booth erected

at all-times froW and after the passing of this Act, upon every Election of a Citizen or Citizens to serve for«Expence of the-said City of Westminster in Parliament, the Bailiff, or in his Absence his sufficient Deputy, shall appoint, £dT^rlu 1

make or erect, or cause to be appointed, made or erected at the Expence of the Candidateor Candidates, a panted by

convenient Booth-or Place for holding the Election; and the said Bailiff or Deputy shall, in case of a Poll BailiffarExpence

being demanded by any of the Candidates, or any Two or more of the Electors, appoint a convenient Num- of Candidates.

ber of Clerks, not exceeding in the Whole the Number of Twenty fix, to take the Poll (which said Clerks

shall be at the Expence of the Candidates as aforesaid, and be paid not exceeding One Guinea per Day each

Clerk); and the said Bailiff or Deputy shall affo make oat a List of the several Parishes, Districts or Divi-.

t ji Geo. III. 3 Y : i (ions, '

tfzG tX 126, 127. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Cheque Book for every Poll Book.

Bailiff offendioj. protected.

Proceeding* m case of Offence against Adh

Limitation of Actions.

Statutes of Jeofails, &c. extended to Act.

Treble Costfc

Former Acts in force.

[Continuance of Act.]

(ions, (not exceeding Eleven in Number in the Whole) into which the said Booth or Polling Places shall be apportioned or allotted, and shall upon Request made deliver a true Copy thereof to any of the Candidates or their Agents who shall desire the fame, taking for each of the said Copies the Sum of Two Shillings, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Bailiff, or in his Absence, his sufficient Deputy, shall, at every Inch Election, allow a Cheque Book for every Poll Book for each Candidate, to be kept by their respective Iiifoedore, at the Place where the Poll for such Election shall be taken or carried on.

III. And be it further enacted, That in cafettny such Bailiff or his Deputy as aforesaid shall wilfully offend ugaihft or ad contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Bailiff or Deputy shall be liable to be prosecuted, by Information or Indictment, in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westm\nfler> in which no Noli Prosequi or Cejfei Procejfus shall be granted; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be sufficient for the Plaintiff, in any Action of Debt

given by this Act, to set forth in the Declaration or Bill, that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum of, and to alledge the particular Offence for which the Action or

Suit is brought, and that the Defendant hath acted contrary to this Act, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament, the Precept thereon, or the Return thereto; and it shall be sufficient in any Indictment or Information for any Offence committed contrary to this Act, to alledge the particular Offence charged upon the Defendant, and that the Defendant is guilty thereof, without mentioning the Writ of Summons to Parliament, the Precept thereon, or the Return thereto; and upon Trial of any Issue in any such. Action, Suit, Indictment or Information, the Plaintiff, Prosecutor or Informer shall not be obliged to prove the Writ of Summons to Parliament, the Precept thereon, or the Return thereto, or any Warrant or Authority to the Bailiff, grounded upon any such Writ of Summons.

V. Provided always, That every Action, Suit, Indictment or Information given by this Act shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Fad upon which the fame is grounded shall have been committed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Statutes of Jeofails and Amendments of the Law whatsoever shall and may be construed to extend to all Proceedings in any Action, Suit, Indictment or Information, given* or allowed by this Act, or which shall be brought in pursuance thereof.

[Treble Costs.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Plaintiff or Informer in any Action, Suit, Indictment or Information given by this Act, shall discontinue the fame or be nonsuited, or Judgment be otherwise given against him, then and in any of the said cases the Defendant agaiofl whom such Action, Suit or Information shall have been brought, shall recover his

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Clausee, Powers, Directions, Ifa* vifious, Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned and contained in the several Acts made and now in force, concerning Elections for Cities and Boroughs not herein or hereby specifically altered or otherwise provided for, shall be construed as heretofore to extend to the City and Liberty, of Westminster, in the fame manoeras if the fame and every of them were severally repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; .any thing herein, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force from the passing thereof untiL the First Day of xfvgujl One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

Current Gold Coin received or paid for more than the true Value.

Misdemeanor.

Notes of Bank .not received or paid for Iefs than Amount expresseti.

Misdemeanor. Pro eedmgs by Dittrel6, Sec. flayed in case

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin' of the Realm; from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for flaying Proceedings upon, any Distress by Tender of such Notes.

[24th July i3ii/J

WHEREAS it is expedient to enact as. is herein after provided : Be it enacted J>y the King's Most W Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, an<L Commotis, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from ana after the passing of this Act, no Person shall receive or pay for any Gold Coin lawfully current within the Realm, any more m Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, than the true lawful Value of such* Coin, whether such Value* Benefit, Profit or Advantage, be paid, made or taken in lawful Money, or in any Note or Notes, BSU or' Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in any Silver Token or Tokens HToed by the said Governor and Company, or by any or all of the said means wholly or partly, or by any other means*. Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever 5 and every Person who fhatt offend herein shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall by any. Means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever, receive or pay any Note or Notes, Bril or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ for less than the Amount of lawful Money expressed therein* and to be thereby made payable, except only lawful Discount on such Note or Bill as shall not be expressed to be payable on Demand and every Person who shall offend herein shall be deenied and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor.

III. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall proceed by Distrefe, or Poinding to recover from any Tenant orofcher Person liable to such JQiflrefs or Poinding* any Rent or 11'; Sum

A.D. 181*. 5i* GEORGII III. C.i-27, 12S.

Sum of Money due fromTuch Tenant or other Person, it shall be lawful for fucfi Tenant or other Person, in every such case to tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandt cxptrflld to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of such Rent or Sum so due, either alone or together with a sufficient Sum of lawful Money, to the Person on whose Behalf such Distress or Poinding is made, or to the Officer or Person making such Distress or Poinding on his Behalf; and in case such Tender shall be accepted, or in case such Tender shall be made and refused, the Goods taken in such Distress or Poinding shall be forthwith returned to the Party distrained upon, or against whom such Poinding shall have been used, unless the Party distraining or poinding and refufoig to accept such Tender shall infill that a greater Sum is due than the Sum so tendered, and in such case the Parties shall proceed as usual in such Cases; but if it shall appear that no more was due than the Sum so tendered, then the Party who tendered such Sum shall be entitled to the Coils of all subsequent Proceedings: Provided always, that the Person to whom such Rent or Sum of Money is due shall have and be entitled to all such other Remedies for the Recovery thereof, exclusive of Distress or Poinding, as such Person had or was entitled to at the time of making such Distress or Poinding, if such Person shall not think proper to accept such Tender so made as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Right of any Tenant, -or otherfuch 'Person as aforesaid-lwving\Right to replevy or recover the Goods so taken in Distress or Poinding, in case, without making such Tender as aforesaid, he shall so think fit.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who shall commit in Scotland any Offence against this Act, which by the Provisions thereof is constituted a Mifdenceanor, shall be liable to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or by one or the other of the said Punishmenta as the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender shall be tried and convicted may direct.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Ireland.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force to and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and no longer.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act to explain an Act passed ia this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit

the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias* rspectively.

[24th Jtdy 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to allow a certain

Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlijl annually into the Regular Forces; and to provide for the gradual Reduction of the said Militia, whereby it was, amongst other things, enacted, that the

Allowance to Wives and Families of Militia Men enrolled after the said Act should be confined to the Wive- and Families of ballotted Men only: And whereas an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled,

4. An Act to permit the Interchange of the British find Irirn Militias rAheBively: And whereas Doubts have

arisen as to whether Substitutes and Volunteers enrolled before the paling of the said first recited Act, vand ' Whose Wives and Families are or may be entitled to Allowances, woulaT after volunteering to serve under the said last recited Act in Ireland, continue to.be entitled to claim such Allowances for their Wives and '4 Families, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed May it therefore.pjeafe T Your. Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and >vith the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said lati recited Act of this Session of Parliament contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any Men enrolled in the Militia, or the Wives or Families of any Men enrolled in the Militia before the passing of the said first recited Act, of any Claim to demand, have and receive the Allowances and Provisions to which they are or may be entitled under the Acts relating0 the MJfitia, by revfcm of any such Men volunteering to serve in Ireland / any thing in the said recited Act loottncd to the contrary notwithstanding.

3Y2

LOCAL

5'2 7

Payment is ten-i ered in Note* of the Bank of F ngknd, S.C.

Provtfo,

Provi.i

Offence* in Scotland.

Ireland.

ContiuuaittS A

A tL

51 G. 3. C. 20.

% c.

51 O. 3. c. xx&

Volunteering to serve in Ireland not to deprive Militia Men or Families, from receiving established Allowances and Provision*.

528 C.i — vii. ji" GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED. GOPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts at are temporary will he known (where it it not tu-freftly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title a) For 21 Years, &c.

[i. e. to the End of the next Session\ from a Day naptsd in the AS.

For 21 Years, &c. from the pqjfing of the AS. c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this Lift, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall w be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially " pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi Publick Acts, i. e. A3s to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

M And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's Mod Excel-4< lent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, fj» printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, w Justices and others."

30 G. 3. c. 79.

17 G.i. c. 43.

9 <*. 3- c. 5».

31 G. 3. c. 134. repealed.

WO.ic. 13. S G. 3. c. 4a. 29 G. 3. c. 80.

9 G. 3. c. 79.

14 G. 3. C.XI7-

29 G. 3. c. 89.

29 G. 3 c. 81.

Cap. 1.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for rebuilding the Parish Church of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

[8th March 1811.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Sessions House in the Town of Buckingham, to Hanwell, in the County of Oxford, (a) [22d March 181 i.j

[Double Tolls on Sunday]

Cap.uu

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of TEree Acts of the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty, and the Eighth and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea to the City of Durham (c) [nd March 1811.]

[«Additional Trtiftees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted

Cap. iv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hefsle, and from the Malton Guide Post to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York, (c) [aid March 1811.]

Cap v.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from 0diham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnham, in the County of Surrey, (c) [lid March 1811.] [Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Additional Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bishop Wearmouth to Norton, in the County of Durham. (a) [nd March 1811.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Rangeworthy, in the Parish of Thombury, in the County of Gloucester. (q.P*) [lad March 1811.]

Cap.

C. viii — xix. 539

A.D. 18h. 51° GEORGII III.

Cap. viii.

An Act for lighting, watching and improving the Streets and other public Passages within the Town of Ware, in the County of Hertford.

[25th March 1811.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleaning, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Bury Saint Edmund*s, in the County of Suffolk [4th April 1811.]

Cap. x.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 10 3* c. 65.

from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, (*) a9G«3* c*94*

[4t\ April 1811."]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Toll* granted.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enabling thev Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to raise Money to complete the said 4i G. 3. (UJC) Canal and Works \ and for amending the former Acts passed relative thereto.

[4th April 1811.]

[80, 000l.] 48

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the' Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, 3* G. 3. c. 158. for repairing the Road from Golden Grove Park tP thoThmpike Road leading from the new Bridge to thel 3*

Lime Kilns, and other Roads in the said Act# mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen ? and fof making1T*

Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said Roads, (a) [4th April

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday

Cap. iii.

An Act for enlarging the Term* and Powers* of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Rbad from 35 G. 3. c. 14s* Hyde Pari Corner to Counter*s Bridget and certain other Roads in the County of Middlefem.

[* For 14 Years, Gfa.] [4th April 1811.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Cailed ors of Sunday Tolls under c G. 3. c. 13. and 50 G. j c. xxviii. to cause their Christian and Surnames with the Words M Sunday Toil" to be painted on a Board, one hung up in Front of Toll House.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His late Majesty, for making a Road4 O. a. c. 25. for the Passage of Troops and Carriages, from the City of Carli/k to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne9 as relates to the County of Cumberland.

[4th April 181 >.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for widening and improving the Street called the Nether gate, in the Burgh of Dundee, in the County of Forfar.

[4th April 18x1.j _ t

Cap. xii

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from 10 0.3. c. 85. the South Gate of King*s Lynn, into the Parishes of Eqfi Walton, Narborough, State Ferry and Downham 3* 0*3 c. m. Market, in the County of Norfolk, (c) [4th April 18x1.}

Cap. xvii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from 10 o. 3. c. 86. the East Gate of King's Lynn, to the North End of Babingley Lane, and to extend the Road from, thence 31 G. 3. c. 113. to Darfingham, in the County of Norfolk (r) [4th April 1811.]

Cap. xiiii;

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and repairing the Roads from 31 G. 3. c. 107. Living done, by the Kirk of Sbotts, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads and Bridges therein 3* 3*c*iao*

mentiS£d. (*/ 7.[4th]?W/i8n.]. »0.3.cdr.

[Former Tolls to eeafe, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xix.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Shank hill in the County of Kilkenny, to the City o Waterford, (a) [4th April 1811.]

XO Cap.

53$ C.jxx — Kx'xi.

32 G. 3- c. 120. 35 G. 3* c. 150. 38 G 3. c.xxxvi.

1*0.3. c. 114.

30 G.^. c. io».

10 G. 1. c. <). 16 G. a. c. 19.9G. 3. c. 63.7 G* 3. c. 69.

5 ie GEORGII III. A.B. 18 u.

Cap. xx.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for making and repairing the Roads from the New Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confimis of the Counties of EFtnburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate to Baillieston, in the County of Lanark, and several other Roada mentioned in the said Acts.

[4th April 181 i.J

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. For Term under former Acts.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of JVhtckham, in the County of Durham.

[q.P.)

[4th April 1811.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barnham Broom, and Parish or Hamlet of Bickcrstone, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.) [4th April 1811.]

Cftp. xxiti.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fincblty, nir the County of Jif/ddlesex. (q. P.)

'Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 27.

[4th April i8ir.J

Ctip. xxiv.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Township of Lane, Hoi with and Romaldkirl, in the North Riding of the County of York. (q.P.) [4th April81 i .J

Cap. xxv.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Hamlets Of Gbadlington West, Chadl'mgton East and Chilfon, in the Parish of Charlbury, in the County of CxforeL (q. P.) [4th AprU 1811.

Allotment and Compen&tion for Tithes, f 26.29*

Cap. xxvi.

An && for inclosing Lands in tie Parish of By well Saint Peter, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[4th Apr// 1811.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Norwich to'Aylsham, in the County of Norfolk; and to make and maintain the Road from Aylsham to Cromer, and Part >of the Road leading towards Whitman, branching off from the Cronter Road* to the Eagle Inn in JSr-(pikgham, in the/aid County, (a) £ irtU AprU 1811.]

£Additional Trustees Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dudley tp^the New Inn, Pattingham, and also the Road from Shut End, to join the Wolverhampton*? urn-pike Road, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop. (b) [11th Aprili8i f.J

[ Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act fbt*enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road fromHarlow Bu/h Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex, and the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of Northweald, Baffett, Bobbingworth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar and Shelley, to the Four Want Way, in the Parish of Shelley, and from thence through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of lVAttlc, in the said County, (c) [ 11th April 1811.]

[New Trustees. Additional

Cap. xxx.

An Act for incT&sing Lands in the Parishes of HAfield, Thome and Fj/blttke, in the Manor of Hmtefeld, in the W^ft Riding of the County of TorL (q.P.) [iith\*ri7 1811.]

w Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §26.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for amending the Road from Barton Bridge into the Manchester and Altrincham Turnpike Road; and also a Branch therefrom, into the said Turnpike Road; all in the County of Lancaster. fb)

[6thAJny l8i\.]

Cap

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII IH.

Cxxxii^ocl v. 531

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for better assefling and collecting the Poor apd other Rates in the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey; for better regulating the Poor thereof; and for cleaning, watching, lighting and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places in the said Parish, and for other Purpoks relating thereto.

[6th May 1811.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, and Works connected therewith, at Dunurc. in the County of Ayr.

[6th May 1811J

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for paving, lighting and cleansing the City of Perth, and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City.

[6th May j8ii.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for widening, paving, improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Lanes and other Passagesin the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy, in the County of Fife, for the better supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water; and for other Purposes of Utility to the said Rurg.h.

[6th May 1811.]

Cap. xxxvL

An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Inland, in the Twenty sixth Year q£ His present Majesty, 26 G.$.(Cp for making and repairing Public Roads in the County of Dublin, with respect to the Roads within those c. 14.

Parts of the Baronies of Uppercroft and Newcastle, which ^re situate of the South East S^le of the great Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Cork, by Rath code and Naat. £6th May 187U.I

3 G. x. c.f.

10 G. 2. c. 7. 1 G. 3. c. 55*'27 G*3, c.s7*

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for continuing several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale, Beer or Porter, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries and Privileges thereof. (3) ... £6th May 1821.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for building and maintaining a Bridge over the Water of Doon, which runs between the Parishes of

\ Ayr and Maybolt, in the County of Ayr.

[6th May 1811.]

Trustees under 45 G. 3. c.xxviii. to be Trustees for building Bridge under this Act. To continue during

" 4JG-3-

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for-Building a Bridge over the River Norihejk near the Village of Mary kirk, in the county of '

Kincardine.

[6th May 18 X1.1

Cap. xl.

An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads in the County of Berwick, and for building a Bridge over the River Whitadder, in the said County. (3)' [6th May 1811.]

Cap. xlh

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading. FromBerwick upon Tweed, by Ay ton Bridgeto Dunglas Bridge; and the Roads from Billie Qaufeway and Prefion Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick. (3) [6th May 1811.]

[.Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. J

Cap. xlii<

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for making and maintain- 4* G. 3* «... u

3 »G. 3. c. \A9* as to Roads authorised to-be made Turnpike onty, repealed.*

17 G. 3. c. 87. 4J 0.3- c.lvi.

Cap. xliif.

An Act for improving the Navigation from the Hythe at Colchester to Wtvenhoe in the County of Essex; and for better paving, .lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the said Town 01 Colchester.

[6 th May 1811.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Wem. and Whitchurch Road, to the Sandford and Hodnet Road; both in the County of Salop. (3)

Cap. xlv.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Bell, iu Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, and the Road from Methwold Warren House to a Place called the Dm/*/Ditebfxn the said County. (r) [6th May i8n.j.

[Former Tolls to eeafe, and new Tolls granted

Cap«

oad, both in the County of Salop. (3)

[6th May i8u.]J

9 & 10 W. 3.

c. 19.

5 G. 1 c. 31. 13 G. 2. C. 30W 23 G. 2. c. 19, ai G. 3. c. 3<* repealed.

10 G. 3. c. 78. 31 G. 3. 0.100,

532

A.D. 181 i*

8C. 3.C. 6x. 30 G. 3. c. xo6

xi G. 3. c. 94. 31 G. 3. c. 104.

31 G.a. c. 49.

7 0.3. c. 6a.

41 0.3. (U.K.)

c. xrri. repealed

39 & 40'G.3. e. xlvii.

43 G. 3. C.X31.

44 G. 3. c. 100.

Company authorized to take Rates specified in Schedule* for loading and unloading Wines and Spirits.

Company authorized to reduce and revive Rates.

C. xlvi — xlix. 51° GEORGII III.

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of-His present Majesty, for repairing the Roa4 from , Abingdon to Swinford, in the County of Boris* (6) [6th May 1811.]

[Additional Trvftecs

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Ro&d from Vinehall, in the County of Sussex, to CrippsV Corner, and from thence to Staplecross, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, (r) [6th May 1811.]

[Additional Trtiftees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for repairing and improving the Roads leading to and from Tiverton, in the County of Devon, (b)

[ Additional Tolls on Sunday, except on Waggons*] [6th May 1811

Cap. xlix.

An Act for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received by the London Dock Company, upon Wines and Spirits landed and warehoused in the London Docks.

[6th May 1811.]

WHEREAS an Aftpaflfedin the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Bajins, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security <T of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And whereas the London Dock Company,

establmied by the said Act, have, under the Provisions thereof, and of divers other Acts of Parliament passed

since the said Act, for extending, enlarging, altering and amending the Powers of the said Act, made and erected extensive and commodious Wet Docks, Bfcfins, Cuts and other Works and Warehouses, for the Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London .* And whereas, under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, and another Act, passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for warehousing Goods within the Limits of the Docks so made by the London Dock Company, and for making Regulations relating to the said Docks, very large Quantities of Wines and Spirits have bfeen landed,

deposited and secured, in the said Docks, for the benefit of the Revenue, and of the Importers and Owners of the said Goods: And whereas Disputes have from time to time arisen on the subject of the Charges to be made by the London Dock Company, in respect of such Wines and Spirits, for Landing, Wharfage, Ware-

housing, Care and Custody thereof, and other incidental Charges; and it is essential to the Interests of the London Dock Company, and of the Importers and Owners of Wines and Spirits, landed and deposited in the said Docks under the Authority of the said Acts, that further and more particular Regulations than are contained in the said Acts, should be made in Relation to the receiving and Care of such Wines and Spirits, and the Charges of the said Company thereon 5 but the fame cannot be accomplished without the Interpofttion and Aid of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said London Dock Company shall be allowed and authorized, and are hereby empowered and authorized to charge and demand, and to receive, take and collect, for and upon all Wines and Spirits which from and after the passing of this Act shall be landed and deposited in the said London Docks, such Rates and Charges as to the Directors of thevsaid Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall from time to time appear reasonable and proper, not exceeding the several Rates and Charges in the Schedules annexed to this Act specified and let forth; and the said Schedules, and all Rules, Regulations, Directions^ Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be, and construed as Part of this Act, as fully and efleftnally to all Intents and Purposes as* if the fame were severally and separately enacted and contained in the Body of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors of the said Company, 'or any Thirteen or more of them, from time to time to reduce, alter, vary or discontinue, any of such Rates or Charges; and also, at any time thereafter, from time to time again to revive, raise or advance, all or any of such Rates % or Charges in such manner, either in the Whole or in Part, and in such Proportion, and as to such Articles of Charge, as to them shall seem expedient and proper, so as that the said Rates and Charges, when so advanced, shall m no case exceed the several Rates or Charges specified or set forth in the said Schedules to this Act annexed: Provided always, that when any of such Rates or Charges shall be so reduced, altered, varied or discontinued, revived, raised or advanced as aforesaid, a Table and Notice thereof shall be put up at some conspicuous Place at and in the said Docks, foas that the fame may at all times, when the said Docks are open, be inspected by all Persons-interested therein; any thing in any Act or Acts relating to the said London Dock Company to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Rates and Charges contained in the Schedules to this Act annexed, or in any such Tables or Notices as aforesaid, shall be levied and collected, and may be recovered, and shall be received, laid out and applied as the Rates and Charges under the said recited Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any Other of the Acts relating to the said Docks, are directed to be levied, collected, recovered, received and applied, and under such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses/ penalties and Forfeitures as are in the said Acts contained, in relation to the levying, collecting, ^feceiving,

laying

533

A.D. 1811.

51 GEORGII III.

C.xlix.

laying out and applying the Rates and Charges contained in the said Acts, as far as the same are or can be made applicable (except so far as the same are by this Act or the Schedules thereunto annexed, varied, altered or repealed) as fully and effectually as if all such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures were in this Act or the Schedules thereto annexed, severally and separately repeated and rc-enacted in this Act, and made Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be Publick Act* judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being spectally pleaded.

The SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE, No. i.

ON all Wines and Spirits which shall be landed at the London Docks in Casks not of Oak, there shall be payable the Consolidated and other Rates and Charges following, as the case may require:

I ft. — In lieu of all Charges attending the Landing and Delivery of such Wines and Spirits a3 £ s. d, are removed from the London Dock Quay within Three Days after being guaged;

Per Tun of 2 Pipes, Hogsheads, or on 252 Gallons

2d. — In lieu of all Charges attending the Landing, Housing for Exportation, and Delivery of") all such Wines and Spirits from the Company's Stores not laid up, but taken out within Three Days, per Tun as above - j

3d: — In lieu of all Charges of Landing, Wharfage, Housing, Superintendance for One Year and Delivery, and of all other Charges, except Warehouse Kent and Cooperage, and the special Charges herein after enumerated;

Per Tun of 2 Pipes, Hogsheads, or on 252 Gallons in unfizeable Calks Warehouse Rent per Week, from the Day of the Ship's beginning to work, per Tun at above -

Cooperage as the Proprietor may direct agreeably to the Rates in this Schedule.

- 7 —

10

12

1 —

m

s. i.

- 1

TABLE, No. 2.

On all Wines and Spirits which shall be landed in Oak Calks at the London Docks, under a Warehousinr Entry, there shall be payable the Consolidated Dock and other Rates and Charges as under, as the case may require;

l ft. — In lieu of all Charges attending Landing and Delivery of such Wines and SpiritB as are removed from the London Dock Quay within Three Days after being guaged, per Pipe or Puncheon -

id. — In lieu of all Charges attending Landing, Housing for Exportation without laying up i Cellars, and for Delivery from the Company's Stores within Three Days, per ripe or Puncheon -

jd. — In lieu of Rent for Three Calendar Months from the Day of the Ship's beginning to work, and for all other Charges whatever, save as in this Schedule is herein after mentioned, as follows; and for which Rates as under mentioned, the Company shall make good all Deficiencies ( from whatever Cause arising) which shall exceed

One Gallon on each deficient Pipe or Puncheon, for any Period of Custody less than One Year.

Two Gallons, for any Period of Custody above One Yeshr and less than Two Years; and in like Proportion for succeeding Years; provided that such Deficiencies shall be claimed within Six Months of Delivery, and be established by the Excise Guage on Landing and Delivery;

I ft. — On Port, Lisbon, and all other Wines hooped in a similar way, and which the London Dock Company engage* to house and deliver - - - with Ten Iron Hoops on each,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per Pipe -

If - with only Eight ditto - N

If - - with only Six ditto

2d. — On Sherry, and on all Wines in like Calks, to be housed and delivered ... with Eight Iron Hoops, if imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, Pipe or Butt

If - - - with only Six Irou Hoops -

3d. — On Spanish Red Wines in llraight bouged Pipes, and on all Wines in like Calks to be honied and delivered - - with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per Pipe

If - - with Four Iron Hoops

ff - with Two ditto -

4th. — On Madeira, and all Wines in like Calks, per Pipe -

5 th. — On Wine-in Hogsheads, being hooped according to the Custom of Port of Shipping, half the Rate payable upon the same Kind of Wine in Pipes.

51 Geo. III. 3Z

11 —

1 3 —

1

t

1 —

1 —

2 6

- 19 —

6th —

534 x.

51 GEORGII III.

AJ3*i8i r.

<tb. — On Claret, and all Wines in similar Calks which the Company engages to^house and deliver - with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per Hogshead If - - with only Four Iron Hoops -

If - - with only Two ditto -

If - - without Iron Hoops

£th. — Oh Spirits, the Calks to be housed and delivered, with Six Iron Hoops,

If imported with that Number of Iron Hoops, per Pipe or Puncheon -

If - - with only Four Iron Hoops

If - - with only Two ditto -

8th. — On Wines or Spirits in unfizcable Calks, propot tionably to their Contents over and above a regular Pipe of Wine, or Piece of Brandy or other Spirits, oth. — On every Calk of Wine tailed, in Store, under a written Order for each Time N.B. Tasting not to be permitted, except to the Proprietor himself, unless mnler a written Order

Moreover there shall be payable on all Wines and Spirits, landed under a Warehousing Entry (the Company being at; liberty to house the fame, after the Expiration of Three Days from their being guaged) whether chargeable under Table No. 1. or Table No. 2. the following

SPECIAL CHARGES ON DELIVERY; viz, ill. — In all cases where the Importer shall require his Calks to be left on the Quay beyond Three Days, after being guaged, he shall pay Quay Rent on each Pipe or Puncheon per Day, for every Day after nich Three Days -

And, WATCHING, agreeably to the Rates herein after mentioned; viz

On I to 20 Calks, per Night -

I

21

3*

41

<U

7*

81

to

to

to

to

to

to

to

30

40

50

60

F

90

91 to IOO

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

And bn any larger Quantity, per Night

But the Charge for Watching to cease as follows; viz.

After 6 Nights, on any Quantity not exceeding 100 Pipes,

7 Do. - Do. - 200 Do.

8 Do..Do. - 400 Do.

And after 10 Nights, on any larger Parcel, unless the Goods be kept on the Quays, by Order of the Proprietor, for more than three Days after being guaged; and in such case to continue as above.

2d. — On every Puncheon of Spirits in Vault, brought forward for Inspection or redipping 3d. — After Three Months Custody, Cellar Rent, per Week

On each Pipe or Puncheon --

On each Hogshead -

4th. — For racking, when necessary, per Pipe or Puncheon -

5th. — For new Calks, when necessary, at the respective Market Prices thereof, deducing the Value of the lacked Calks, if not taken away by the Proprietor.

6th. — After twelve Months Custody, for all other extra Cooperage in Vault, and for Cooper's Superin tendance there

On each Pipe or Puncheon, per Week -

7th — For Surveys and Certificates thereof, as follows:

On 1 a 5 Calks, per Certificate

6 a 20 Do.

21 and upwards an entire Cargo

Duplicate or Copy of Certificate fth. — Additional Cooperage on delivery, if required by the Proprietors, according to the fol lowing Rates; viz.

Pitching and turning, per Pipe or Puncheon

Trimming -

Driving -

Iron-plate Hoops, each Pieces of Lead, each Rivets, each -

£ /. d.

- 11 G

- 12 6

- 13 6

- 15 -

1 1 —

1 3 -

- $

- 6

1 —

1 6

2 —

2 6

3 —

3

4 — 4 6

5 -

- 6

- 6

- 3

- 2 6

- 26

= 51

I I -

--9

9th. —

A.D. 181 r.

5i' GEORGII III.

per Calk

tb. — On Delivery by Water for Shipping"

N.B. The consolidated Rates to be paid on all Wines and Spirits liable thereto, before the Transfer or Removal of any Part thereof, and the subsequent Charges (if any) to be paid onr each Calk, at the Time of Transfer or Delivery of such Calk.

C.xlix. 535

£ s. d.

- 8

SCHEDULE (B.)

RATES chargeable on Wines and Spirits, where those in Schedule (A.) do not attach; vt %

Per Pipe or Punelifcon.

£ s- d,

Tor Landing -

Wharfage...

Pitching and Turning -

Cooper's Attendance at Landing and Loading

Laying up to gauge in numerical Order

- 4

- 3

COOPER'S WORK, and MATERIALS supplied'; viz.

Trimming -

Driving -

Iron Hoops, per Hoop -

Pieces of Lead, each

Rivets, each -

Chimes, each -

Uncaling, per Pipe or Puncheon -

Casing - Do.

Racking - Do.

Housing and Carving -

Breaking out for Cooperage, and laying up again

Unhoufing and Loading from the Quay -

Unhoufing, Wharfage and Shipping -

Loading from the Quay -

Shipping from Do.

Quay Rents on all Wines and Spirits not landed under a Warehousing Entry, nor ordered (within Five Days after beginning to land) to be housed, on each Pipe, per Day-Store or Cellar Rent on Wines and Spirits, (ordered to housed at the time of landing) for the first Three Calendar Months, on each Pipe, per Week -

Rent and Cooper's Attendance afterwards on Do .per Do.

Cooper's Attendance at Lauding, Housing and in Vaults, for Three Months Do. at Delivery from Vaults -

On

WATCHING WINE and SPIRITS on the Quay.

I to 20 Pipes, per Night -

21 to 3° Do.

3* to 40 Do.

41 to 50 Do.

5l to 60 Do.

61 to 70 Do.

7i to 80 Do.

81 to 50 Do.

91 to too Do.

ICI and upwards Do.

2 —

I -

I -

- 9

- 2

- 6

i —

1 —

2 6

1 —

- 6

4

2 —

- 9

- 8

- 6

- 7

i 6 i —

i —

1 6

2 -

2 G

3 —

3

4 —

4

5 —

6 —

- 3 6

N B. If at the Time of landing, such Wines or Spirits be ordered to be housed, the Charge.for Watching* shall cease, as follows; viz.

After 6 Nights, on any Quantity not exceeding ioo Pipes.

After 7 Nights - Do. - 2co

After 8 Nights*- Do. - 400

After 10 Nights - - - on 401 or more.

CHARGE for SURVEYS, and CERTIFICATE thereof.

On 1 to 5 Pipes 6 to 20 -

21 and upwards And if on an entire Cargo Copy of Certificate

3Z

£ s d- — 26

= n

l I T —

" n.E

C.xlix — lxi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

N.B. Hogsheads of Wine to pay Half the Rates chargeable on Pipes; and unfizeable Calks to pay an increased Rate proportionably to their Contents, over and above a regular Pipe of Wine or Piece of Brandy.

Landing, Wharfage and Delivery ftbm the Quay, per Pipe or Puncheon, exclusive ofl £ s. d. Cooperage on Delivery as ordered; and also of Quay Rent and Watching as above, beyond > — 3 6

the Fifth Day after beginning to land - '- - - J

Cap. 1.

An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Right Honourable George Lord Viscount Sackville deceased, situate in the Borough Town and Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same; and to lay out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P.) [6th May 1811.]

Cap. li.

An Act for effectually separating the several Churches or Chapelries of Nailsea and Bourton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton, in the County of Somerset, from the Rectory and Parish Church of IVraxhall\ in the said County, and for uniting the several Churches or Chapelries of Nail/ea and Bourton otherwise Flax Bourton otherwise Boreton aforesaid, into and making the same one dillinft and separate Rectory. (q. P.)

[6th May 1811.1

Cap. lii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Seaming* Hoe* Worthing and Dillington, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)

[6th May 1811.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Lordship or Forest of Westward, in the Parish of Westward, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.) [6th May 181 i.J

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §19, 20.

Cay. liv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cholmondeston, in the Parish of ABon, in the County of Chester. (q. P.) [6th May 1811.]

Cap lv.

An Act for inclosing certain Tracts, or Parcels of Common and Walle Grounds, called Fulwood Moor and Cadeley Moor* within and Parcel of the Forest of Fulwood* in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.)

[6th May 1811.]

Allotment to His Majesty. J 28.

Cap. lvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Long Compton, 'in the County of Warwick, (q. P.)

[6th May 1811.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §31, 32. 47.

Cap. lvi w

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parishes of Great Paxton and Tofeland, in the County of Huntingdon, (q. P.) [6th May 1811.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Wigton, Woodjide and Waverton, within and Parcel of the Barony of Wigton in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.) [6th May 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §18, 19, 20.

Cap. lix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint John the Bapiijl Peterborough, in the County of North- ampton. (q.P)[6th May 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20. 22, 23, 24.

Cap. lx.

An Act for making a navigable Canal from the River Avon* at or near Morgan's Pill, in the Parish of Easton in Gordano otherwise Saint George's, in the County of Somerset* to or near the River lone, in the Parish of Saint James in Taunton, in the said County, and a certain navigable Cut therein described.

[14th May 1811.]

[420, 000l. and if not sufficient additional 150, 000l.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, widening and olherways improving the Streets of the Burgh of Dunfermline, increahng the*Supply of Water, extending the Royalty of the said Burgh; and for other Pur-jposes therein mentioned relative thereto.

[14th May 1811.]

Cap

A.D. 1811.

ji0 GEORGII III. C.lxii — lxvi. 537

Cap. lxii.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for 39 &40G. 3. repairing the Road from the Village of Magor to the Pridge Foot in the Town of Cl)C*iflow % in the County c* xv« of Monmouth; and several other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, //.*; .75/v/ and Brecon, as relates to the Newport District of Roads; and for granting farther and other Powers for repairing the Roads in the said District. (a) [14th May i3i l.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday. J

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Turnpike Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry in the Count)" of Linlithgow; and for altering and repairing the High Road leading from the Welt End of the said Town of Queensferry to the Town of Linlithgow, [a)

[14th May 18x1.3

[By the Words of this At1 the whole of the Three Acts in the Margin are repealed\ but it seems as though the whole of 11 G. 3» c. 79, and of 32 G. 3. c. 125, and Part only of 24 G. 2. c. 35. was meant to be repealed. J

24 G. 2. c. 3.T-11 G. 3. c. 79. 32 G. 3. c. 125. repealed,

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saint Mary le Strandy in the County of 2 G. 3. c. 21.

Mitdlesex, and Liberty of Westminster; and for better paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the said 3 G. 3. c. 23.

Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[14th May 1811,] 4 c. 39.

1 k 1^J j G. 3. c. 50.

u Power of making a Rate for watching under 14 G. 3. c. 90. extended. ir 0. 3. 0. 22.

30 G. 3 c. 53.

Cap. lxv. pinm of sSit

An Act for continuing the Term and amending the Powers of an Act for repairing the Road leading from Mary le Strand. Robcston Wathan to Saint Clears, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Pembroke and 31 G. 3. c. 102. Carmarthen. (c) 1 [14th May 1811.]

[Additional Trustees. Fortner Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted* Double Tolls on Sunday. 3

Cap lxvi.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses, called The Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey; and for extending the Powers of the said Act.

[14th May 1811.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint

Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey: whereby the several Persons therein named, and other Persons

therein described, were created a Joint Stock Company by the Name of The Commercial Dock Company, for the Purpose of maintaining and improving a certain Dock formerly called Greenland Dock, and other Docks

and Premises adjoining thereto, and making other Docks, Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets and other Works, necessary for the Accommodation of Vessels laden with Timber and other Articles in the said Act

# mentioned: And whereas by the said Act the said Company were authorized to raise and contribute among

themselves, for the Puroofes set forth in the said Act, in addition to the Shares then already created or Sums then already subscribed for, a further Sum, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, in manner therein mentioned; and which additional Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds then already subscribed for, in manner in the said Act mentioned, it was thereby enacted, should form one joint Capital Stock of the said Company: And whereas the whole of the original Subscription of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds has been expended towards the Purposes of the said Act in the Purchase of the said Docks, Land,

and io Works; And whereas the said Company have proceeded to raise the said further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, by the Creation of One thousand three hundred new Shares, pursuant to

the Provisions in the said Act contained 5 and have made a Call pursuant to the Power in the said Act contained, in part of the said further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, thereby authorized to be raised; the Amount of which Call has been paid and expended for the Purpose3 of the said Act; and'

the said Company are proceeding to get in the whole thereof as quick as by the Provisions of the said Act they are empowered to do; And whereas the said Company find that they cannot make the said Dock

complete and commodious to the Public for Reception and Discharge of Timber Ships, and the Admifiiou and Storing of Timber, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, without purchasing divers Lauds, 4 Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments, and other Premises near to the said Commercial Docks, all in the said Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in Addition to the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and other

Premises, which by the said Act they were authorized to purchase; and without making additional Cuts,

Communications and Entrances into or out of the River Thames, and also additional wharfs, Quays and

other Works* and altering and varying some of the Roads, Ways and Streets, near to the said Docks, and + making other Improvements: And whereas the fame cannot be rarried into Execution without the Aid of

Parliament, nor unless the said Company are empowered to raise a further Sum, in Addition to the said

1 Sums

SO G. 3. c. ccvll.

§i*

§4.

53 8 C.lxvi.

51° GEORGII III.

AJ).i8Fm.

divided into Shares;

veiled in certain Pei ions.

Sums now raised, and authorized to be raised, as aforesaid: And whereas the said Company are willing to

raise, amongst themselves, whatever Sum may be necessary for executing the Purposes aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

Company rna- present Parliament assembled, and by and with the Authority of the fapne, That it shall be lawful for the said Wed to raise Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Addition to the Two thousand fix; hundred. Shares Money to carry already created, or Sums already subscribed for or authorized to be raised as aforesaid, a competent Sum of

on Works, Money for the improving, completing and maintaining the Docks, Feeders, Aqueducts, Entrances, Ways,

Roads, Bridges, Officer, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehouses and Works already made and intended, or by the said Act and hereby authorized to be made, not exceeding in the whole, in Addition to the said Two. tbopfand (ix hundred Shares already subscribed for, and the Sums by the said Act authorized to be raised, the Sttm of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds; and the same Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds

shall be divided into Two thousand six hundred Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and the said Two thcrafitad

six hundred Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons who shall, pursuant to the Provisions in the said recited Act or in this Act contained or set forth, subscribe for the fame, and their severalaac} respective Executors, Administrators, Successitfs and Assigns, to their and every of their preper.Use and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for or.e or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, shall, after the Expiration of the Period herein after mentioned, be entitled tp? and receive the net and entire Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Number of-Shares to be possessed by him or them, or the Money so by them respectively paid, of all the Profits and Advantages which shall or may arise and accrue to the said Company, by reason of any Sums of Money to be receivedd>y the said Company, by the Authority of this Act or otherwise, in respect of or for the Use of the Docks, Ponds, Quays, Wharfs or other Premises belonging to the said Company.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Persons who shall subscribe for the-said Two thousand six hundred new Shares hereby authorized to be raised or created, or any of them, shall nothe entitled to any rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company until after the Expiration of One Year, to be computed from the Day on which the said Two thousand iix hundred new Shares shall be created; and that in the mean time the several Persons who shall subscribe for new Shares as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay to him or them respectively, Interest on the several Sums to be paid by them or him in respect of such new Shares at and after the Rate of Five Pounds/w Centum per Annum % from the time or times on or at which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be by them or him paid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That previous to the Creation or Making of the said Two thousand six hundred new Shares hereby authorized to be created or raised as aforesaid, or of any of them. Notice of the Intention to create the same shall be given in the London Gazette, and Three of the Daily Newspapers in London, for the Space of Fourteen Days at lead; and that the time when the said new Shares shall be created, and the first Call thereon shall be paid, and all other Rules and Regulations concerning the same, shall be settled and determined by Two several General Courts of Proprietors of the hid Company, the first of which said General Courts shall be held not sooner than Fourteen Days after such Notice as aforesaid, and the last of which said General Courts shall be held at a Distance not less than Ten Days from such first General Court; and in case all the said new Shares shall not be subscribed for, by the several Persons hereby authorized to subscribe for the fame, the said Company of Proprietors may dispose of such Shares as shall not be subscribed for by such Persons as aforesaid, in such manner as shall be determined on by Two several Courts of Proprietors to be held for such Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, allowed to be raised under this Act upon Two thousand six hundred Shares, and the Shares already created, shall make one Joint Capital Stock of the said Company.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all or any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who at the time of the creating or making the Two thousand six hundred Shares hereby authorized to be subscribed for, shall be possessed of any of the Shares already subscribed for, shall be entitled, if they so please, to subscribe for any Number of the said Two thousand six hundred new Shares, not exceeding the Number of old Shares of which he or they shall be then possessed.

VI. And whereas the Days appointed by the said Act for holding General Courts are not convenient; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as requires General Courts to be held on the Second Friday in January, and Second Friday in July in each Year, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that General Courts, from and after the passing of this Act the said Company shall hold General Courts of the said Company Twice at least in each and every Year, on the following Days; that is to say, on the Second Friday in January, and the Second Friday in June9 in each and every Year.

VII. And whereas Maps and Plans describing the Place at which it may become necessary to make another

Entrance into the said Docks, besides such as are described in the said recited Act, and such other Improve-

merits as may also be beneficial for the effecting the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in affording the Accommodation authorized to be given thereby; and Books of Reference, containing a List of the Owners

or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Premises necessary to be taken for the Purposts of the said Act and this Act, have been deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to make another

8 Entrance

When new Sut-firiliers entitled |o Profits.

entitled to Interest.

Notice of creating new Shares, in London Gazette, &c,

First General Court

If new Shares not subscribed for, Company may dispose of them.

New Shares*to make Joint Capital Stock.

Old Suliferibers entitled to iub-feribe for new Shares, Kelt nations.

/; o G. 3. c.ccvii. §16. repealed.

Maps and Plans, Books of Reference, &.C.

A.D. 1811. 51 GEORGII III. £.lxvi.

Entrance into tl*e River Thames, between Lavender Dock tmd the Ordnance Wharf, at or near the Place marked in the Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Pence for the County of Surrey, for the Purposes of this Act; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary not with (Ian ding: And all and every the Powers, Clauses and Provisions of the said recited Act, for enabling the said Company to purchase Lands, Tenements, Houses, Premises and other Hereditaments under the said Act, for the Purposes thereof, and for enabling Corporate Bodies and incapacitated Persons to fell; and for addling the Value of any Lands, Tenements, Houses, Premises and other Hereditaments purchased or taken under the said recited Act, by a Jury, in case of Refusal or Incapacity of the Parties to fell; and directing the Application of Purchase Money; and for veiling Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments purchased by the said Company, in the said Company; and all other Powers, Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Act contained, as to Purchases and Compensations, shall be and the lame are hereby extended to all such additional Works or Entrances, or Roads, Bridges or other Improvements, by this Act authorized to be made, or referred to, or marked, or described on the Map or Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, on the passing of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were in this Act severally and separately repeated, and made part of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all Personsmay at all seasonable times Lave Liberty to insped and peruse, and to take Copies or Extmds thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paving the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every Inch Inspection, and after the Rate of Four Pence for every Seventy two Words of such Copies or Extrads of the said Book of Reference; and that the said Company of Proprietors, in making the said Entrance hereby authorized to be made between Lavender Dock and the Ordnance Wharf, both in the ParHli of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and in making all or any other of the Improvements hereby authorized to be made, shall not deviate from or extend beyond the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons whose Lands or Premises shall be wanted for their Purpose: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftrited to extend, to authorize or empower the said Company, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, to take or use for the Purposes of this Act, any Houses, Gardens or Orchards, 'without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof in Writing first had and obtained, save and except the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to empower the said Company to purchase any Land fronting to the said River Thames between Lavender Dock and the Ordnance Wharf, exceeding Two hundred and fifty Feet in the Front thereof; nor shall any thing contained in this Act or the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, empower the said Company to purchase in the whole a greater Extent of Land than Twenty Acres

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken or be con il rued so as in any way to prejudice or derogate from the Ellatcs, Rights, Interest?, Privileges or Fraitchises, which it is provided by the said recited Act shall not be prejudiced or derogated from, except ioasmuch as the fame may be affected by the particular Provisions of this Act.

XI. And whereas a shorter and more convenient Footway may be made, leading from Grove Street to*Great Ruffe! Street, in the Parish of Saint Pd ary, Rotherhithe Be it therefore further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Company, by and with the Authority and Permission of Two Justices of the Peace for the CouHty of Surrey, to be by them certified m Writing under their Hands, to shorten and make more convenient the Footway leading from Grove Street to Great Rujfel Street aforesaid; and for that Purpose, and in such case, and with such Authority and Permission, to flop up or make such Alteration in the present Footway as may be neccll'ary; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Company to m;ke any Alteration in or upon that Part of the said Footpath which runs across the Hereditaments and Premises of or belonging to the Eall Country Dock Company, unLfs with the Consent of the Directors of such Company, or the Majority of them for the time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority, and they aire hereby authorized, to make and set up one or more Swivel Bridge or Bridges, in the manner and of the Diineufioiis, and subject to the Regulations herein after mentioned, as the case shall require, over any of ths public Roads or other Ways, Under the Controul of the Trustees of the Roads there, within the Line described in the said Plata, deposited with the Clerk of the Peace, in lieu and inilead of the Bridges required by the said Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it furtIrer enacted, That each and every such Swivel or other Bridge or Bridges to be made, set up or placed over any Cut, Canal or Lock made or to be made in any public Road, Street or other Way, shall be made with good found Materials, with a Road or Way over the fame, and proper Approaches thereto, for the Pallage of all and every Person and Persons, Carriages, Horses, Beasts and other Cattle; and which said Road or Way over every such Cut, Canal or Lock shall be of the Width of Irifteen Feet, Sewn Feet whereof at the least shall be set out for a Carriage Way, and Two Paths or Cause-vvaysfor Foot Passengersef the Width of Four Feet each at the kaft, the said Footway to be raised Seven Inches above the Level of the Carriage Way, and the same shall at all times be properly fenced, inclosed and secured from the Garriage Way, with flout Iron Railing of the Heighth of Three Feet at the leall, for the £afe and commodious passing of Persons, Horses, Boalls and Carriages over the same.

XV. Aiid

539

Plin open for public I nfpeltiom.

[Proviso.]

Limitation as to purchase of Lands.

Proviso for Powers already in Company.

A new Foot way from Grove >treet to Great Rufiell Street.

Proviso for F.nfl Country Dock Company.

Swivel Bridges eretted.

Mode of making, Sw.vel Bridges*

540

T0 he properly Secured.

At what Hours Swivel Bridges opened, and Road-way flopped.

Lamps affixed at Corner of Bridges.

Ascent and Deli ent to and from Bridges.

Opening Swivel Bribes, or preventing B.ilTage other* ile than by Ad authorized.

?ena'ty.

(ntnpany liable to Colls.

ko O. 3. c. ccvii.

Roeiflry of Jl runners.

c.lxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Bridge or Bridges shall at all times be kept (hut and closed, and properly and effectually secured for the safe passing and repaying of all Persons, Horses, Bealls and Carriages, upon or over the fame, except as is herein after mentioned.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Bridge or Bridges shall and may be opened for the Passage of Vessels through any Cut, Canal or Lock into or from the said Dock or Basin, at any time between the Hours of Five of the Clock and Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, and between the Hours of Six of the Clock and Eight of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Lady Day to Michaelmas Day yearly, and between the Hours of Seven of the Clock and Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and the Hours of Four of the Clock and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, from Michaelmas Day to Lady Day yearly, so that the same shall not remain, or be continued open, or the Passage over the fame prevented or hindered beyond the Space of Fifteen Minutes at any One time, and so that immediately after the Expiration of such Fifteen Minutes the said Bridge and Bridges be properly fallened and secured, and not again opened when any Person or Persons shall be waiting to pass over the fame, until after the Expiration of Ten Minutes from the shutting thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, from and after any and every Bridge or Bridges shall be made, to affix and place one Glass Lamp, with proper Burners, at each Corner of every such Bridge or Bridges, and to cause the same to be properly lighted and kept in Light from the time of Sunset to the time of Sunrise every Evening and Morning throughout the Year, for the safe and commodious passing of Persons, Horses, Beads and Carriages, over the said Bridge or Bridges.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Ascents and Descents, or inclined Planes leading to or from any and every Bridge or Bridges, made or to be made by or under the Authority of this or the said hereinbefore recited Act, shall be regular and gradual and shall not be deeper than at and after the Rate of Eighteen Feet for every Foot of perpendicular Heighth, to be measured from the Surface of the Street, Road or Way in which any Cut, Canal or Lock, shall be made; and that (for and notwithstanding any thing in the said former Act contained) all and every the said Swivel or Swing Bridge or Bridges so made, and the Passage, Way and Ways over the fame, and the Lamps so directed to be placed and affixed as aforesaid, shall at all times be maintained and kept in repair, fenced iu and secured, supported, amended, rein Hated and kept in good and safe Condition for the Accommodation of the Public, by and at the proper Costs and Charges of the said Company.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company, or their Servants or Workmen, shall open or cause to be opened any Bridge or Bridges by this or the said former Act authorized to be made over any Cut, Canal or Lock to be made as aforesaid, in or across any Road, Street or Way, under the Controul of the Trustees of the Road there, at any Hour or Time other than by this Act permitted, or shall at any Time when any Person or Persons shall be waiting to pass over the fame, open or re-open such Bridge or Bridges before the Expiration of Ten Minutes from such shutting thereof; or in case the said Company, their Servants or Workmen, or any of them, shall at any time permit or suffer the said Bridge or Bridges to be re opened or kept open contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or shall not fallen, fence or secure the fame for the free, safe and commodious Passage of Persons, Horses and Carriages over the fame, then, and in every such case, the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, shall, for evety such Offence, Neglect or Omission, forfeit and pay to any and every Person and Persons, who or whose Horse, Beast or Carriage shall be flayed or hindered in passing over any Bridge so kept open or re-opened, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice or Justicea of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, together with the reasonable Expences of the Information, Summons, Hearing and Warrant, the same to be levied and recovered from time to time by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Treasurer, Clerk or Agent to the said Company, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint shall be heard.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall at any time or times, by or through the Negligence, Careleffucfs or Omission of the said Company of Proprietors, their Servants or Workmen, suffer or sustain any Damage or Injury exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, then, and in every such case, the whole of the Damages so fullered or sustained shall and may be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurer for the time being, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill* Plaint or Information, together With Cost6 of Suit; and iu wrhich Action no Essoign, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXI. And whereas by the said recited Act, the Solicitor or Clerk to the said Company is required to

enter, as therein mentioned, a Memorial of every Transfer or Sale of a Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company: And whereas Certificates signed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, of the Number of Shares in the Stock of the said Company held by each of the Pro-

prietors respectively, have been delivered to the said Proprietors respectively: And whereas it is expedient 1 to regulate the Entry of such Memorial* Be it therefore enacted, That no Memorial of any Transfer and Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company shall be made or entered unless and until the Certificate or Certificates which has or have been, or shall be given and signed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, of or in respect of such Share or Shares, or the Deed of Transfer to the Seller, wffiich ha6 or shall have been previously executed and entered in the Book or Books of the said Company, shall be produced to the Solicitor or Clerk of the said Company at the

2 Office

A.D. 1811.

5i* GEORGII III.

C/lxvL 541

Office of the said Company for the time being; Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, or any Seven of them, that such Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer is lost or mislaid, so as that the fame cannot be produced, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Seven of them, by Notice in Writing, signed by them, to dire d the Solicitor or Clerk to make and enter such Memorial as is by the said Act directed to be made, notwithstanding such Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer, shall not be produced as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may make the said Dock or Docks, and the Roads and Bridges connected therewith, apd take Possession for the Purposes of this Act of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, notwithstanding the Name or Names of any Person or Persons shall or may have been omitted or improperly mentioned or (pelled in the said Schedule, in case it appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error or improper Description proceeded from Mistake.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as restrains the said Company from demanding, taking and receiving any greater Sums of Money, for the Dockage of Ships and Vessels, and for the receiving, warehousing and storing of Timber, Wood and Merchandize, than are mentioned and specified in the Schedule marked (B.) to the said Act annexed, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIV. Provided always, and oe it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from and after the passing of this Act, to demand, take and receive for the Dockage of Ships and Vessels, and for the receiving, warehousing and storing of Timber, Wood and other Merchandize, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sums of Money mentioned and specified in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed.

XXV. And whereas no Provision is made in the said Act for the Recovery of the Dockage and other Rates and Charges upon Ships or Vessels referring to, or on Timber and other Goods, Wares and Merchan-

dize, deposited in the said Docks and Premises of the said Company; 9 Be it therefore further enacted, That in case any Owner, or Matter or other Person having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Vessel, charged or chargeable with the Dockage and other Rates and Charges allowed to be demanded ana taken by the said Act or this Act, shall refuse to pay the same, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the Directors of the said Company, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to be their Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, or any or either of them, from rime to time to go on board such Ship or Vessel, to demand, collect and receive the same, and on Non payment thereof, to take and distrain every such Ship or Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture or any Part thereof, either on Board or on Shore, and the same to detain until he or they be satisfied and paid the said Rates and Charges; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment thereof, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors and their Successors, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid, their Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause the same to be- appraised by Two or more sworn Appraisers or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Dillref8 and Dittrefles, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and concerning the said Rates and Charges so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress and Distreflcs shall be taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable charges in taking, keeping, appraising and felling such Distress, rendering to the Matter or other Person having the Rule or Command of the said Ship or Vessel, in, to or from which such Distress shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus (if any there shall be) on Demand; and that if any Owner, Consignor, or Consignee respectively, of any Timber, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, chargeable with any of the Rates or Charges mentioned in the Schedule to the said Act or to this Act annexed, or allowed to be taken under the Provisions of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Rates and Charges before such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be shipped or removed from the Place where the same shall be landed (as the case may be), then it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or their Collector or Col-le&ors, to detain the said Timber, Goods, Wafes or Merchandize till the said Rates and Charges, together with the reasonable Charges of keeping the said Timber, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall be paid and satisfied; and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall happen to be removed before the Rates and Charges payable for the same shall be fully paid, then it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or their said Collector or Collectors, to take and distrain any Goods or Chattels of the Owner, Consignor or Consignee respectively, and to detain and sell the same in manner before mentioned; or the said Company shall and may prosecute any Action or Actions at Law for Recovery of the said Duties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vessels shall at any rime after the Rates and Charges by this Act charged shall become payable, elude or avoid the Payment thereof, by any Method whatsoever, such Master, Commander or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the fame; and the same shall be recovered from such Matter or Owner by the fame Method by which Fines and Penalties imposed by the said Act are directed to be levied and recovered, or by any Action or Actions at Law.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, shall (as far as the same are not hereby altered, varied or repealed) extend to and be executed, applied, used and put in Force to all Intents and Purposes as to this Act and the several Matters and Things therein contained 5 and all the Clauses, Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act shall be put in Force, and used and applied for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act and of this Act; and the said Act and this Act shall be construed together at one Ad, as fully and effectually as if all the Powers and Provisions, Matters and Things in the said Act were repeated and re-enacted in this Act and made Part thereof.

51 Geo. III. 4 A XXVIII. And

Contain jr miy take Poiression of ccitain Houses, See. nurked in Schedule (A.)

50 G. 3. e. ccvii. §65. and Sch.B, lepealed.

Rates of Dockage. &c. according toSchedulc B.

Proviso as to Cases whea Dtckage Rates not paid.

Eluding Payment of Rabe % &c.

Former Act extended to Ad,

54*

Expeoces of Alt, WbticAA.

C-hcvi. ji° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the passing of this Act shall be paid out of the further Monies to be raised alter the passing of this Act, under the Jftrovilions of the said recited Act or this Act;

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act Audi be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall he judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers:

SCHEDULE (A.)

No.

on DESCRIPTION. OWNERS. OCCUPIERS.

PLAN.

I. Meadow - - Right Honblc Lord*!

Carteret, Revd 1 Gray.

Greville, and Ge- f

neral Gower

2. - Do. - Do. ShowelL

3. Do. - Do. Daniel Brent.

4- - Do. ... - Do. - Joseph Read.

£ 7. (Garden, Workshop, Yard, New-built Cottage! f and Dwellings -j Do. - f Sexton, Watson, £Cole, Bell and others.

/ , B. Warehouse and Wharf - Do. - f Messrs. Blackett, £ Garduer and Young.

9*Do. and Do. - Do. Beech and Company.

10. Dwelling and Garden ... - Do..Moffe Rigg. f Houselander and \ Townsend.

11. Two small Dwellings and Garden - Do.

j.12. Wharf, Warehouses and Dwellings Do. Taylor and Alloway.

>3- J Small Dwellings in the Passage to Pageant's! \ Stairs - - - .J - Do. - f Fifield, Smith, Pickup and Harrison.

14. l5' Carver's Shop Passage to Stairs ... - Do. Grayfootand Coy.

16. Public House and Yard - Do. Chevet.

*7* Dwelling House and Yard - Do. Taylor jun.

18. > Sheds and Warehouses - - Do. f Witt, and Coy and

19. 3 Stave Yard - \ Scott.

20. - Do. Taylor. Scott.

21. Sheds, Dwelling and Yard - Do.

22. JDwelling, Wharf, Sheds, Warehouses, Gar-! 1 den and Stable - - - f - Do. Jennings.

23- Wharf, &c. - - Do. Rodgers.

24. Two Dwellings and Gardens Do. Branham and Sedger.

;5- Dwelling, Carpenter's Shop and Garden Do. Hutchinson.

26. Wharf and Warehouses - Do. Jennings.

' 27- Dwelling, Outhouses and Garden Do. Steel. 8

: 28. Yard or Court - Do. - Showell.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Per Register Ton.

6'.Ixvi — lxix. 543

/. d.

2 O

O I

O O 6 1

Dockage on Laden Ships, with Permission* of laving Six Weeks After that time, if remaining with a Cargo* _ on board, per Week - '

Or if remaining without a Cargo on board/ per Week -

Ships coming in light, for the first Six Weeks And if exceeding that time, per Week All Rigged Vessels coming to load Goods') in the Dock - J

All Ships to pay for docking 10 6

And for undocking - 10 6

Lighters, Barges and Small Craft to pass without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other heavy Timber 7 per Load - - - j

Wharfage of Oak and other heavy Planks per\

Load -J

Deck Plank, per Load Wharfage on large Timber and Mads, per Load

Wharfage on (mail Timber, per Load ' r o o

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic, per /

reduced Standard of 120 - - I $ 0

Wharfage on Deals from America, per re- I

duced Standard of 120 - - f $ 0

Wharfage on Oak Pipe and Hogshead Staves 7 from the Baltic^ter Thousand - - J J5 0

Wharfage on Oak Barrel and Heading Staves \

from the Baltic, per Thousand - j3 0

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton -^26

Wharfage on Tallow, per Ton - i 6

Wharfage on Pitch, Tar and Turpentine per /

Barrel from America or elsewhere - -1* 0 3

'Rent while stored on the Premises of the] Company, ter Load per Quarter 'Rent while stored on the Premises of the] Company, per Load per Quarter

20

Wharfage on Oil, 252 Gallons, per Ton 2 6

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton - -J 3

tJfe of the Coppers for boiling of Blubber, ")

252 Gallons, per Ton - - J 3°

'Rent while stored on the Premises of the [ Company, per Load per Quarter 1 Rent while stored on the Premises of the Company, ter Load per Quarter i'Rent while stored on the Premises of the!

- [ Company, ter Quarter per reduced

1 Standard of 120 - - -J

' Rent while stored on the Premises of the 1«Company, per Quarter per reduced f 1 , Standard of 120 - -J

'Rent while stored On the Premises of the* Company, Ur Quarter per Thousand 'Rent while stored on the Premises of the ' Company, per Quarter per Thousand -j^/Rent while stored or warehoused on thel «| Premises of the Company, per Week per f / Ton - -J

'Rent while stored or warehoused on thel«Premises of the Company, per Week per

/ Ton -..J

'Rent while stored or warehpufed on thelL

- Premises of the Company, per Week per

1 _ Barrel - - J

'Rent while stored or warehoused on thel Premises of the Company, per Week per > 1 Ton - -J

('Rent while stored or warehoused on thel

- Premises of the Company, per Week per > 1

1. Ton - .J

d

6

o 6

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for vesting in the Justicea of the Peace for the County of Rutland the New Gaol and Bridewell for that County, and the Ground purchased for the Scites thereof, and for confirming Certain Rates and Proceedings relative thereto.

[14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty for building Two. Chapels, and providing 12 0.3. c. 64.

Burial Grounds thereto, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warvnch, and for amending the said Act., [14th Maj 1811.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for building and establishing a Church or Chapel of Ease, at Buxton, in the County of Derby.

[24th May 1811.]

4 A 2 Cap.

544 C'.lxx — lxxx. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 18it.

Cap. lxx.

An Act for erestine: and maintaining a Bridge over the River Clyde, near Gariom and Dalferfin the County of Lanark.

[14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxxi.

34 G. 3. c. 102. An Act for repealing so much of an Act of His present Majesty, as relates to making a Public Way over Fosdyke Wash, in the County of Lincoln 5 and for granting further Powers for building a Bridge over the kid Wash.

[14th May 1811.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxii.

30 C. % c. 114. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Promham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to Olney, and other Places, in the County of Bucks. (r)

[14th May 1811.]

[.Additional Trustees.]

4 G 3.C. 61. 25 G. 3. c. 107.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, For repairing the Road from Derby to Mansfieldand several other Roads in the County of Nottingham, (b)

[14th May 1811.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxiv*

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Guide Post below If addon, out of the Bakewell Turnpike Road, by Grange Mill, into the Bentley and Ashbourne Turnpike Road, in the County of Derby. (b\

[14th May 1811.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxv.

35 C. 3 c. 164- An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, to Sparrow Pit Gate, and several other Places in the County of Derby; and for amending and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith. (b)

[14th May lSit.J [Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. Ixxvi.

5# G. 3. c. 100. An Act to continue and amend an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Fosbrook, in the Parish of Dillorn, to Chedleton, in the County of Stafford. (a) [14th May 1811.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.3

f G. 3. c. 86.

11 O.3.C. 57.

A G. 1. c 25. 12 G. x. c. 10. 28 G. a. c. 30.9G. 3. c. 64. 18 G. 3. c. 82.

4G. 3. C. 68. 28 G. 3. c. 91.

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bal-dock to Royston, and from Royston to Bourn Bridge, in the Counties of Hertford and Cambridge. (a)

[14th May 1811.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford\ to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford; and other Roads therein described. (a)

[14th May 2811.3

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wimborne Minfer to Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset.

[14th May 1811.]

[Additional Trustees 3 Cap. lxxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from or near a Place called The Five Oaks, in the Parish of Billicgfburfl, in the County of Sussex, to join the Horsham and Guildford Turnpike Road on Broadbridge Heath} in the said County, (a) [14th May 1811.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday ]

Cap.

A.D. 1811.

5+5

51° GEORGII III. lxxxi — xcvii.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Go!-ford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke9 to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandburj}, and from the Green near Bcnenden Church to Rolvenden Crofsy in the County of Kent, (a) [14th May 18x1.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.1

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads to and from Shawbury, in the County of Salop. (b) [14th May 1811.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bright welly in the County of Berks, (q. P.)

[14th May 18x1.]

Cap. lxxxir.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Fyfield, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [14th May 1811.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §23.

Cap. lxxxr.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Garjington in the County of Oxford. (q.P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for enclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Little Ponton otherwise Little Paunton, in the County of Lincoln. (q.P-) [14th May i8lt.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Llanfyllin and Mechen Uchocdy in the County of Montgomery. (q.P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxxxyiii.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parish of Somerly, in the County of Lincoln. (q.P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor o[Teirtref9 in the County of Montgomery. (q.P.)

[14th May 1811.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townflripof Beeley, in the County of Derby. (q.P.) [14th May 18 IT.}

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 18, 19, 20.

Cap. xci.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Wilden, in the County of Bedford. (q.P.) [14th May 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20.

Cap. xcii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of A/lley, in the County of Worcester. (q.P.) [14th May 1811«3

Cap. xciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Westbury upon Trym9 Henbury and Compton Greenfieldy in the County of Gloucester. (q.P.) [14th May 1811.2

Cap. xciv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Townships of Leighton and Thomtony in the Parish of Great Nejlony in the County of Chefer. (q.P.) [14th May 18x1.3

Cap. xcV.

An Act for allotting, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Great Chijbill and Little Chijhilly in the County o\ Essex. (q. P.) [14th May 1811.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Pirton, in the County of Hertford. (q. P.) [14th May t8i i.J

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Township of Ofgodbyt and Parifll of Hemtng-broughy in the East Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) f 14th May xBli.J

8 Cap§

9 0 3- c. 43. 29 G. J. c. 84.

9 0. 3. c. 55. 30 G. 3.C. 11X

A.D. 1811.

546 C.xcviii — cx. 5i GEORGII III.

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Lyons, Kill, Clonoclis, Cclbridge and Donnacombort, in the County of Kildare (q. P.) [14th May i8u.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stewkley, in the County of Buckingham. " Allotment and Cojnpensation for Tithes, f 25, 26.

(*P.)

[14th May 1811.]

Cop. c.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woolhampton, and other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [14th May j8xi.j

Cap. ci.

30 G. 3. c. 108. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads in the County of Stirling, and the Road repealed. from or near from the Weil End of the Town of Linlithgow to Stirling, in the Counties of Linlithgow and

Stirling. (b) [21st May 1811.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for improving the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

[21st May 1811.]

47 G. 3. Se(T. z. c. ixxv.

Cap. ciii.

An Act to enable Doctor Robert John Thornton to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance.

[2tft May 1811.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing^ lighting and watching the Parish of Saint Michael, in the Liberties of the City 01 Limerick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing Nuisances therein.

[21st May 1811.]

[Former Rate 2s. 6d. repealed, and Rate of $s. levied.2

8 G. 3. c. 38.

9 G. 3. c. 53.

G.3 c. 92.

Cap. cv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Birmingham Canal Navigations, and for further extending and improving the same.

[21st May 1811 3 24 G. 3. Se(T. a. c. 4. 34G. 3. C. 87. 46 Gw 3. c. xcii.

Cap. cyi.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal and a Railway or Tram Road from the River Burry, at or near the Village of Penclawdd, in the Parish of Lanridian, into the Township or Borough of Loughor; and divers Branches therefrom, all in the County of Glamorgan.

[21st May 1811.]

[12, 000l. and, if necessary, 8, 000l. additional.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates of the Parish of Clapham, in

the County of Surrey; and to alter, enlarge, rebuild or repair the present Workhouse, and to regulate the Poor thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and to amend so much of an Act of the 14 G. 3 c. i2. Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding a Parish Church, as relates to the afit fling the Church Rates by the Land Tax.

[21st May ifn.j

Cap. cvni.

33 G. 3. e, 128 An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Claydon to the Bury St. Edmund*s Road, and from Taxley Bull to Eye and Lanthorn Green, in the County o (Suffolk. (r) [21st May 18 11.]

[New Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted ]

Cap. cix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Kingston upon Thames to I^eatherhcad, in the County of Surrey, (b) [21st May 1811.]

Cap. cx.

8 G. 3. c. 35. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads 30 G. 3. c. 90. leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent, (r) [21st May 18: 1.]

[Additional Tails. 3

Cap.

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII in.

C. cxi — cxxiii.

547

Cap. cxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Loing PreJUn to Sawley % in the West Riding of the County of York, (a) [21st May 1811.]

£Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of Hi# present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from 6 0.3. r. 80. Brimmington and Chesterjieldy to several Places, all in the County of Derby. (a) [21st May 1811.] 26 0.3. c. 149.

[ Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.2

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of His present Majesty, for repairing #the Road from 3$ G. 3/c. 4* Little Yarmouth to Blythburgh, and from Brampton to Halefworthy in the County of Suffolk, (b)

[2lft May 1811.]

Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act the

ft for effectuating an Agreement between the Reverend Anthony Hamilton Doctor of Divinity, Rector of Rectory and Pan(h Church of Great Hadham, in the County of Hertford, and James Gordon Esquire;

i, as Parcel of the [21st May 1811.]

and for accelerating the Sale to the said James Gordon of certain Lands heretofore enjoyed, as Parcel of the said Rectory, for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax of such Rectory. (q. P.)

Cap. cxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Parish of Seaton Rofsy in the East Riding of the County of York, (q.fv) £2 1st May 1811.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act to enable the Master and Brethren of the Hospital of King James, in Gatejheady in the County of Durham, to grant Leases of Lands thereto belonging, and to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham to make Statutes and Ordinances for the Government of the said Hospital* (q. P.) £21st May 1811.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Newmarket and Ci>m9 in the County of Flint, (q. P.)

[21st May i8m.]

Allotment to His Majesty. § r8.

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Uanarmony Llandcgla and Bryneglwys, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, (q. P.) [21st May 1811.]

Allotment to His Majesty. $ 19.

Cap. cxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Fundenhall and Ashwcllthorpey in the County of Norfolk. (q.P.)

[21st May iSii.J -

Cap. cxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stoke Ta/mage, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [21st May 1811.] Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §16.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for inclosing and embanking Lands within the Township of IVarton with Lindeth and Silverdale , in the Parish of IVarton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.) £21st May 181, 1.3

4t Allotipent to His Majesty. §29.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or near the Public Wharf of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal, in the Parish of Saint John the Evangelijly in the County of Brecon, to or near to a certain Place called Part on Cross, in the Parish of Eardijlcy, in the County of Hereford.

[25th May 1811.]

£50, 0001, and if necessary 1 £ , 000l. additional. J

Cap. cxxhi.

An Act for making a Railway from the Brecknock and Abergavenny Candl, in the Parish of Lianwenarthy to -or near to Llcmvihangel Crucorney % in the County of Monmouth. £2jth May 1811.]

; £20, oooo/. and if necessary 15, 000l. additional.]

JJ Cap.

548 C.cxxiv — cxxxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

23 G. % . c.ij. repealed.

9 G. 3. C. 74. in part repealed, and 33 G.3, c. 163. and 44O.3 c.li. repealed.

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for inclosing, draining and embanking Lands in Braunton % in the County of Devon.

[25th May 1811.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for more equally assefiing and collecting the Poor Rater, in the Parish of Bromley Saint Leonord, in the County of Middlesex.

[25th May 1811.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for repairing, enlarging and improving the Parish Church of Hungerford, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

[25 th May 1811.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Haddington; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour of the said County. (3) [35th May 1811.]

" 9^-3*74* to regulating the Statute Labour, and as amended by this Act, made perpetual.

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pudsey, in the Parish of Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [25th May 1811.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in, or belonging to the Parishes of Caiftor9 North Kelsey, South Kclfey, CTixby % Grajby and Searby cum Owmby, in the County of Lincoln. (q. P.) [[25 th May 1811.]

(i Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. $ 24*

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands, in the several Parishes of Biddtstone Saint Nicholas, Bid-dcjlone Saint Peters and Slaaghterford9 in the County of Wilts, (q. P.) ([25th May 1811.]

Cap. cxjcxi.

An Act for inclosing Qttemmore Moor within and Parcel of the Forest of Quernmore, in the Parish of Lan-cajlery in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.) [25th May 181 i.J

" Allotment to His Majesty. §28.

Cap. cxxxii.

28 G. 3. c. 7l. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for inclosing and embanking the

30 G. 3. c. 59. Marsh called Malldraeth and Corfddaugau9 in the County of Anglesey; and for draining and preserving the

inclosed Lowlands contiguous thereto.

[31st May 1811 ]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or near Spittal, in the County of Durham, to Kelfot in the County of Roxburgh; and for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Tweed from the Parish of Norham, in the County of Durham, to the Parish of Coldstream, in the County of Berwick.

[31st May i3i 1.3

[lOO, OCX)/, and if necessary 50, 000l. additional.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for providing a Chapel of Eafc and an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary IJling-ton, in the County of Middlesex.

[31st May 1811.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for authorizing the Payment into the Bank of England, under the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, of the Portions provided for the younger Children of the Most Honourable Arthur late Marquis of Downshire9 by the most Honourable Mary now Marchioness Dowager of Downshire and Barouefs Sandys, by the Settlement made after, in pursuance of Articles executed before their Marriage, and for cxoucrating the Estates comprised in the said Articles and Settlement from the same. (q. P.) [31st May 1811.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates at Deal and Clijfcy in the County of Kent, belonging to the See of Canterbury 5 and for other Purposes. (q. P.)

[31st May i8n.j

Cap.

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III. C.cxxxvii — cxlix. 549

Cap. CXXXvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Elmfwelt, Great AJbJitld, Hunflon and Norton, in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.jl [31st May 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §17.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton, in the County of Middlesex. (q. P.)

lllitMdy 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20. 23, 24. No Lease by Vicar of Hampton of Lands in Right of Vicarage of Hampton good without the Consent of thq King, f 28. Allotment to the King. #31.

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Wells next the Sea, Warham jilt Saints, Warham Saint Mary Magdalen and Warham Saint Mary the Virgin, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

May 1811.]

Cap. cxl. "

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Killington, in the Parish of Kirkhy Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. (q. P.) [31st May i8n.j

41 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §25, 26.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish o£Tilehurst, in the County of Berks. (q. P.) [31st May 1811.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Walle Lands in the several Parishes of Beenham and Padworth, in Berks, (q. P.) [31st May 1811O

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 22, 23, 24, 23.

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Port and Town of Liverpool, and amending the several Acts relating to 3 c>11

the Docks, Quays and other Works belonging to the said Port.

[10th June i8x x.J 3 G.1.C. 1.PR.

zxG.s. c. 32.

CaP-cx, w- '

An Act for making a Harbour and Wet Dock, at or near Saint Nicholas Bay, In the Parish of Saint Nicholas 39 G. 3. c. fix. and jlll Saints, in the Isle oiTbasut, in the County of Kent; and for making a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour to the City of Canterbury.

[10th June 1811.]

[160, 000l., and if necessary 80, 000l. additional.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Kent Water Works to raise a further Sum of Money*, # [ioopool.] and to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making the said Water Works, 49 and to extend the same.

[loth June 1811.] c*ctxxx, '

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of Dumfries, (h).[loth Jim* 1811.]

44 27 G. 3. c. 57. as to paving, lighting and cleansing Dumfries, and regulating the Police, and raising an 4t Assessment for those Purposes, repealed.

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Dumfries, and the Navigation of the River Nith.

[10th June 1811.] 10 G.tc. 7.]

2 G. 3. C.J5.

An Act for extending the Horse Towing Path on the Banks of the River Severn from Worcester Bridge to a certain Place below the City of Gloucester, called the Lower Parting, situate at the Comer of Portham Mead, in the County of Gloucester.

[10th June 1811.]

[io, ooW. and if necessary 5, 000l. additional.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of Llanafa, in the County of Flint.

[loth June 1811J

Allotment to His Majesty. f 41.

51 Geo. III. 4B Cap.

S5o Cel — clxu. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

> c, .,

Cap. cl.

c 37- An Act for amending an Act of King Charles the Second, for making the Precind of Cogent Garden Parochial; and for increasing the Stipends of the Rector, Curate, Clerk and Sextons of the said Parish.

[10th June 1811.]

Cap. cli.

*2 G*C' Ma*' to enakk the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex, to build a

46o. % 'c*4°- new Parish Church, and Two or more Chapels; and for other

_3-c. caiiv.

reP«aUd,

Vestrymen under 35 G. 3. c. 73. to carry. Ad into execution. £2.

Futposes relating thereto.

[10th June 1811.]

Cap. dii.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Sevenoaks, in the County of Kent,

[10th June 1811.]

Cap. cliii.

5 a 3. c, ccix. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rate^ within the Parish of Saint Bototpb without Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th June 1811.]

Cap. cliv.

An Act for paving, improving and regulating the Streets and Public Places in the Borough and Parish of.Rarnjlab*; and for the better Regulation of the present Markets, and providing others therein.

[10th June 1811.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for paving and improving the Streets and other Public Passages and Places which are or shall be made upon a Piece of Ground belonging to the Brewers, Company, in the Parish of Saint Pane raj, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th June 181 x.J

Cap. clvi.

An Act for making a Public Carriage Road from Kentish Town to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middlesex. {b\ [loth June 1811.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Ightbam, in the County of Kentr to the Turnpike Road leading from London to Maidstone, in the said County. (£} [10th June 181 i.J

Cap. clviik

3i O. 3. c; iofc An Act for repairing the Road through the Parishes of Saint Michael, Sami Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex. (a) [10th June 1811.]

[Additional Tolls on Sunday, j

9C. 3. c. 69. ai'G. 3. c. 129.

Cap. cGx.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall; and for amending certain other Roads pa fling through the said Borough and the Parish of Lan/jydrock, in the said County, (r)

[New Trustees, New Tolls. Double Tolls on SundayJ]

[roth June 1811.]

Cap. clx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Kirtlington, in the County of Oxford, fq. P.)

>th J

94 Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §19. 22.

[10th June 181 i.J

Cap. clxi.

An Act forinelofing Lands in the Parish of New Radnor9 in the County of Radnor. (4* P )

[10th June 1811.]

" No Lease made by Rector of New Radnor of his Allotment without the Confrnt of His Majesty- §26.

Cap. dxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Dolgelky and Llangelynin, commonly called Celynin, in the County of Merioneth.

[xoth June 1811 .J

u Allotment to His Majesty. j 18, 19* Note. This Act docs not contain the Publick or Evidence Clause.

Cap.

{j

A.D. 1811. 51 GEORGII III. C.clxiii — clxvi. 551

Cap. clxiii*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langfet otherwise Langside, in the Parish of Pcnifton, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [10th June xfcxt.J

% Allotment to His Majesty. §14. Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §24.

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Burham, in the County of Kent. (q. P.) fioth June 18x1.]

Cap. dxv.

An Act for rnclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llanarthncy, Llanon, Llandebye and Llanjihangel Aberbythick, in the County of Carmarthen, (q. P.) [ 10th June 18i 1.]

Cap clxvi.

An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Thames from or near the Three Cranes, in the Parishes cf Saint James Garlic I Hythe and Saint Martin Vintry, in the City of London, to the opposite Bank of the said River, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey; and for making proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith.

[15th June 1811.]

4 TTTHEREA-S from the great Increase of Buildings and of Population in the Borough of Southwark,

yV and the Parishes and Places contiguous thereto, and in a Line of Communication therewith, great 1 Inconvenience and Interruptions are occasioned to the Transit of Carriages of all Descriptions, and to

Persons passing over London Bridge; and it will be of Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough

5 of Southwark, and of the Parishes and Places lying adjacent thereto, and also to the Inhabitants of the City of London and the Public in general, if a Bridge was eredcdover the River Thames, from or near a certain Wharf or Place called The Three Cranes, situate on the North Bank of the said River, in the Parishes of Saint James Garlick Hythe and Saint Martin Fintry, in the City of London, to the opposite Bank on the South Side of the said River, in the Parish of Saint Saviour in the County of Surrey, and if proper Streets and Avenues were made to communicate with the said Bridge on the North and South Ends thereof respect

tivdy: And whereas the several Persons herein after named are willing and desirous, at their own Coda and Charges, to make and maintain such Bridge, and widen and make Streets communicating therewith : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mo (I Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir William Abdy Baronet, William Abbott, predictors Daniel Adams, Mary AUmond, Anne AUmond, John Allnutt, Barclay, Perkins and Company 5 Charles Bar- Names, tram, Elhanan Bicknell, the Reverend Henry Blink infop, Thomas Brandram, Charles Burrell, James Brow ell,

Thomas Blunt, Charles Burne, Janus Brewer, Davtd Caddell\ Robert Child, William Child Senior, William

Child Junior, Ward J. Christie, Richard Clarke, Richard Cox, Thomas Croucher, John Curwood, A. Davidson,

John Dallimare, Frederick Dietriekfon, Michael Dodd, Thomas Elgar, C. Atsguftus Efchke, Samuel Evans,

William Ferrant, Thomas Fitzgerald, Sir Charles Flower Baronet, G. Gorjl, N. Graham, William Greaves,

Robert Griffin, George Gwilt, Godwin and Company, Gilbert Handefyde, Gilbert Handefyde, John Harper,

John Hammett, William Higley, Charles Hutton, James Jacks, John Jackson, James Johnson, William Jeffierys,

Alexander Johnflon, George Julian, Henry Kenjmgton, Thomas King, Benjamin Kent, H. Ladbrooke, John Eeech, John Leeke, S. Lobby James Lomas, Robert Lyfon, Robert Lyfon, John Sudlow, William MardaU,

R. Mardall, D. Mardall, L. Mar lineau, John Maud, James Millnee, William Moyfes, Charles Motley,

J. P. Mufpratt, Nixon Mudford, Andrew Nash, George Nq/b, Thomas Nettlejlslpp, William Nettlejhipp, Samuel Nettle/bipp, John Newman, N. Nicholls, M. A. Often, A. C.D. OJbourn, Samuel raynter, John Paynter, Lewis Paleftte, Robert Pott, Arthur Pott, Charles Price, James Pitcher, John Perrell, George Ranking, Benjamin Rankin, Richard Rankin, Joseph Ranking, Ramsbottom and Company, John Ramsbottom, J. Ramsbottom Junior,

Richard Ramsbottom, James Ramsbottom, William Rotherey, J. P. Ripley, Hor. Ripley, the Reverend William Ripley, George Ripley, Philip Ripley, F P. Ripley, Samuel Robinson, William Salte, Joseph Sales, William Stoffell, Robert Slade, William Slade, John Snowden, William Legh Snowden, Thomas St anger, Hugh St anger,

John Tayhr, Augustus Thejiger, Robert Faux, William Walker, J, Watson, Robert Watmore, Ralph Wewitzer,

John Whitehead, J. B. A. Wiltre, Joseph Wtlfon, James Wilson, G. Wiltshire, John Wyatt, Robert Withy,

W. Wyllie, Walter Honey wood Yates, Florence Young, Count Zenobio, and all and every Person and Persons,

Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall at any time hereafter subscribe or contribute to the raiGng of the Capital herein after mentioned, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns,

shall be and are hereby accordingly united into a Company for the carrying on, making, completing, widening and maintaining the said Bridge, Streets and other Works hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after mentioned and expressed, and shall for that Purpose be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name and Style of The Southwark Bridge Company, " and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal; and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and also shall and may have full Power and Authority to purchase Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to them and their Successors, for the Use of the said Bridge, Streets and other Works hereby authorized to be widened and made, and for the several other Purposes herein mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain 5 and also to rcfell any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments <0 fce pu re ha fed by virtue of this Act in manner herein after mentioned.

4 B 2 I-I. And

552 C. clxvi.

i° GEORGII

Company may raise among themselves a Sum not exceeding 40O, OCOL

III.

i

A.D. 181 x.

Shares personal Estate.

SuMcrtbers to have Votes according to Num ber of Shares. Not to exceed Five Votes.

Form of Appointment of Proxies.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds (except as herein after is mentioned), which said Sum or Sums of Money shall be laid out and applied in the first Place in discharging the Expences of obtaining and pa fling this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the leaking and completing of the said Bridge, and paying the Purchase Money for the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased, and for the forming, widening, making and completing of the necessary Streets thereto, and otherwise for putting this Act into Execution, and that the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that the said Shares shall be and they are hereby vested in the said several Persons, and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so subscribing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators* Successors and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Ufeand Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally pay and contribute^and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Persons* their several and respective Successors* Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who shall feveraHy subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, shall be entitled to and receive an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid* of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Tolls, Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered or received by the Taid Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act* as herein after mentioned; and every Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and Person and Persons having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in manner herein directed and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic* Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons of and in the said Undertaking* or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Estate and transiniffible as such* and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, of other Person or Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, have fiibscribed or undertaken for Five Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, fhaM have one Vote in the several Assembliesto be holden as herein after appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking* for such Five Shares, and if possessed of Ten Shares Two Votes, if Fifteen Shares Three Votes* and if' Twenty Shares Four Votes, and Twenty five Shares and upwards Five Votes; and every Question* Matter or Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, such Majority not being less than Two thirds of the Votes then present, computing the Votes as above mentioned, not exceeding rive Votes in the whole for each Proprietor as aforesaid^provided that the Members present be possessed of not less than One hundred and fifty Shares, which Vote or Votes may be given by them* him or ner, or by their, his or her Proxies or Proxy, conflicted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or CoUegute, or under the Hand of such other Person* every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes as if such. Principal had voted in Person\ and every Question, matter and Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed or considered in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present: Provided nevertheless, that no Pfrrfbn shall give or deliver in'Proxies for more than Five Shares, the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following:

I A.B. of*one of the Proprietors of the Southwirl Bridge, do hereby

X nominate, constitute and appoint CD. of*to be my Pi-ox y in my Name*

and in my Ab fence, to vote or give my Assent or Diflent to any Business, Matter or Thing* relating to the«said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the said Company, in such manner as the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said«Undertaking, or any thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand* the

Day of /

Proprietors rot entitled to vote vrless possessed of Shares Six Calendar Months.

Provifc.

Power to raise a further Sum.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the first General Meeting to be held under this Act, no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be deemed to be qualified or entitled to vote, who has or have not possessed his, her or their Shares, and whose Name or Names hath or have not been entered in manner herein after directed, in the Books of the said Company* as the Possessor or Possessors and Proprietor or Proprietors of such Shares, for the Space of Six Months then next preceding, at any General or Special General Assembly of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, under Pain of forfeiting his, her or their said Shares* and all Benefit, Profit and Advantage, due and to become due thereon, to the Use of the said Company* unless it shall appear that it shall be owing to the Default of the Clerk of the fiud Company, that the said Party so claiming to vote as aforesaid, has not been entered in the Books of the said Company, as herein directed, or to the Default of any other Person other than the Party, so claiming to vote as aforesaid: Provided also, that no Proprietor or Proprietors shall be or be deemed to be entitled to vote for any Shares, unless he possess the fame bonafide and in his own Right and not in the Right or as the Property of any other Person whomsoever, upon rain of forfeiting the said Shares* and all Benefit, Profit and Advantage* due and to become due thereon, to the Use of the said Company.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, hereinbefore authorized to be raised, shall be found insufficient for the building and completing of the said Bridge, and the

widening*

t

i.

51° GEORGII III.

C. clxvL

553

widening, forming and making of the said Streets* and other Works hereby authorized'to be made* and all necessary Charges and Expcoces relating thereto* and such other Charges ana Expences is aforesaid* then and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, to raise and contribute among themselves in manner and form aforesaid and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet* of to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers* any further ot other Sum of Money for perfecting the said Undertaking* not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Subscribers towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall nave a like Vbte or Votes in respect of every of his, her or their Shares of the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and Hand interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she or they shall or maysubscribe thereunto, and generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for, and raised as aforesaid, had originally been Part of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall be Power to raise desirous of raising the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the jjuch ?irtjj!r said Undertaking, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up ox Axuw'* at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, either by way of Mortgage of the said Bridge, and the Tolls, Pontage or Duties thereof, or by granting Annuities, to be payable out of the said Tolls, Pontage or Duties of the said Bridge, during the natural Life of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by and on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers 5 which Annuity or Annuities shall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Sur-vivorship, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and the said Company are hereby fully authorized and empowered, under their Common Seal, to grant or assign over the said Bridge, and the Tolls, Pontage or Duties thereof, as a Security for aqy Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the fame, or for the due and regular Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities so to be; granted, as to th*m shall seem meet.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Grant or Assignment so to be given as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by way of Mortgage, shall and may be made in the Words following, or by any other Words to the like Effect; that is to say,

BY v*rtue an Act made and passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Form of Mort-

Third, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of the AQ-\, We, the Southwark Bridge Company, in- 8aS*

eorporated under and by virtue of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of

4 to us lent and advanced by A.B. of # do grant and convey unto the said

4 A.B. his or her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the said Bridge, and Toll House or Toll Houses thereunto belonging, and all and singular the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and all our Right,

Title and Interest of, in and to the fame, To hold unto the said A.B.[a) Successors or Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, until the said Sum of with Interest for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Amum, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this

Day of in the Year of Our Lord .* (a) [So in Original A3/}

And all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to Mortgagee en-whom such Grant or Conveyance shall be made, shall be equally entitled to the respective Portions of the tided to Security said Tolls and Revenues of the said Company of Proprietors, according to the respective Sums in such Af- without Prefer-signment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment of such respective Sums, with the Interest, ence' without any Preference by reason of Priority of any Grant or Conveyance, or any other Account whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Grant of any such Annuity, to be made as hereinbefore men- Form of Grant

tioned, shall and may be made in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to (ay, of Annuity.

4 JiY virtue of an Act made and passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of the A3\ We, the Southwark Bridge Company, ineorporated by and under the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of to us paid by A.B. of

4 do grant unto the said A.B. (b) Successors or Executors, Administrators or Assigns, out of the Tolls

and Pontage Duties of the said Bridge and Undertaking, One Annuity nr yearly Sum of to be paid and payable to the said./f.2?.(£) Successors or Executors, Aamirtiftratott or Assigns, for and during thn natural Life of or natural Lives of [if more than and the Life or the Survivor of them [ae the case maybe-\t and a proportionable Part of the said Annuity up to the Day of the Decease of or to the Day of the Decease of the Survivor of them [as the case may be-\.

Given under our Common Seal, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Grant shall entitle the Purchaser or PuTchafers of every such Annuity to the Payment thereof, and to all Benefit and Advantage thereto accruing, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act. (b) [Soin OriginalA8.-\

X. And be it enacted, That a Transcript or Copy of every such Grant or Conveyance, or an Entry or Entries of Mart-Memorial thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, shall be made in gages and Annui-a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, which Book or he* »* Coin-Books (haHbe perufedat all seasonable times by any of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, without Fee P*0/1 Book, or Reward.

554 Cclxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Mortgages and

Annuities

transferable.

Entries of Trans-fers in Company's Books.

Fee.

Interest and Annuities pai l Halt- yearly.

Mortgagees and Annuitants not contidertd as Proprietors of Shares.

Notice of ppying off Mortgages, &c.

First General Assembly of Company.

Chairman.

Committee of Proprietors.

XI. And be it farther ena ded, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any such Grant or Conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, may from time to time personally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign and transfer such Grant or Conveyance to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and so toties quoties; and that the Assignment and Transfer shall and may be made by Indorsement on such Grant or Conveyance, and in the Words or to the Effect following, and be signed and sealed, or scaled (as the case may be) in the Presence of One credible Witness, who shall subscribe his Name and Place of Abode thereto: that is to say,

T A.B.

[or We C. and Z).] in consideration of the Sum of paid by E.F.

of do hereby assign and transfer the within Security, and all my [or our}

Right, Title and Interest, in and to the fame, and all Benefit and Advantages to arise therefrom, unto the

laid E.F. Successors or Executors, Administrators and Assigns. Witness my Hand

"€ and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals, or our Common Seal} this Day of in the'

Year of our Lord .'

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall within Ten Days then next, cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof iu like Manner as of the original Grants or Conveyances, and after such Entry made, but not till then, every Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made, his, her or their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Grant or Conveyance, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arising therefrom, and for the Entry of every such original Grant or Conveyance, and of every such Assignment and Transfer, the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid by the Party to whom such GrantJ Conveyance or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the several Annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, shall from the time the respective Principal Monies so to be lent or paid shall have been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in preference to any Dividends or Distribution to the said Proprietors of the said Company or any of them, and shall be duly provided for and set apart before such Dividend or Distribution shall be made or declared.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons to whom such Annuity shall be granted* or Mortgage or Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares, or be capable of acting or voting by virtue of any such Annuity, Mortgage or Alignment, at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on Account of his, her or their having paid, advanced or lent any Money on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and the Tolls thereof as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged save and except with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money), unless Six Calendar Months previous Notice under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors shall have been given to the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the London Tavern, or such other Place as the Committee or Court of Directors herein after appointed shall direct, upon the Twenty first Day after the passing of this Act, or within Thirty one Days from that Day, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Twelve and Two o'Clock, and all future General Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors (except such Special General Assemblies as herein after mentioned) shall be held on the First Tuesday in the Month of May in each and every Year, between the Hours of Twelve and Two o'Clock, at such Place or Places as the Committee or Court of Directors herein after appointed for the time being may direct, of which future General Assemblies Ten Days previous Notice at lead shall be given by Public Advertisement, to be inserted in One or more of the London Newspapers, or in such other manuer as the said Company of Proprietors at their respective General Assemblies mall direct; and in case no Place or Places shall have been so appointed, then such General Assembly shall be holden where the last General Assembly was holden; and at such General Assemblies it shall be the Duty of the Committee or Court of Directors of the said Company to report to the Proprietors at large the State of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execution 5 which Report shall be fairly entered into the book or Books of the Company kept for that Purpose by the Clerk, and a Copy of the faige shall be left at the Clerk's Office for the Perulal of the Proprietors, who shall have access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, at their respective General and Special General Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman, and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor, but iu case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

XVIII. And be it further enadea, That, for the better managing and conducting the Affairs of the said Company, there shall be a Committee or Court of Directors of Fourteen Proprietors, and that John Allnutt, James Brewer, John Cur wood, Charles Hutton, John Jackson, Henry Perkins, Robert Pott, John Rams bottom, George Ranking, John Richard Ripley, William Salte, William Slade, Robert Wilks and John Wyatt, shall be the First Committee or Court of Directors, and called The Court of DircQion, and shall continue until the Third General Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, and until others shall be chosen in their

p Stead*

A.D. 1811.

51° GEORGII III.

C. clxvi. 555

[Proviso.]

Stead, unless any Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction shall die or be removed, or shall dispose of his Stock, so as to reduce the fame below Ten Shares: Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company shall be capable of being elected or of serving upon such Committee or Court of Direction during the time of his Continuance in such Place,

Office, Employment, or holding such Contract, nor unless he shall poiTefs and hold in his own Right Five Shares of toe Capital Stock of the said Company.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or Court of Direction shall and may at every Committee to Meeting holden by them during the Continuance of their said Office, the Number of the said Committee or appoint Chair-Court of Direction not being less than Three, appoint a Chairman by and out of the said Committee or Court raan*

of Direction; and that no Member of any Committee or Court of Direction shall have more than one Vote upon any Question that may be agitated in the said Committee or Court of Direction, except in case of an Equality of Votes, and in that case the Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote, although he might have given one Vote before.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority power to Ge-at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, to remove and displace any neralAflemMies-Member or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, and thereupon elect any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly convened for that Purpose, to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye-Laws and Orders for the good Government of the said Company, of the said Committee or Court of Direction, and of their Servants, Agents or Workmen, and for the Super-intendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and from time to time to alter and repeal the said Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against such Rules, Bye-Laws or Orders, as to such General or Special General Assembly shall seem meet not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence; and Penalty-all such Rules, Bye Laws and Orders being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all Persons concerned in the said Undertaking, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall a ft under the fame; provided that the fame be not inconflffent with, or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and such Rules, Orders and Bye-Laws shall be subject to appeal in manner herein directed; and all Accounts of Money received, laid out and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking, or on any of the Works thereunto belonging, by the Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers by them appointed, or b\ any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them, in or about the said Undertaking or the Works thereunto belonging, shall be laid before the said General or Special General Assembly, to be audited and settled 5 and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from time to time to such Place or Places as shall at such General or Special General Assembly be thought proper and convenient.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee or Court of Direction so appointed, or the Subsequent Ap» Person or Persons elected in their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Office until the pointroent of

Frft Tuesday in May after such Election, and on such Day Four of the said Committee or Court of Direction Committee by

shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, unless R^Sn^thofo re-eletted as after mentioned; and in order to determine who of the said Committee or Court of Direction shall g^g out of go out of Office, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Assembly of the said Company, to be holden Office by Rot*. on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, shall, and he is hereby required to write upon Fourteen Piece* t11*

of Paper of equal Size, the Name of One of the said Committee or Court of Direction, on each of such

Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Four of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and those Four of the Committee or Court of Direction, whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction or the said Company, unless re-elected as after mentioned, and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Four.

Members of the said Company, who shall severally be possened of and entitled in their own Right to Five Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking; and such Four Persons id elected shall continue m Office for the Space of three Years, except in case of Death or refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner By this Act directed, or being removed or displaced by the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Assembly or Special (a) Assembly convened for that Purpose, and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in the next fucw- eeeding Month cf May, Five more of the Committee or Court of Direction first elected by virtue of this Act, as Part of the Committee or Court of Direction, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their R oom or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, unless re-elected as after mentioned; and in order to determine who of such Five of the Committee or Court of Direction shall go out of Office, the Clerk of the said Company at the General Assembly of the said Company, to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, shall, and he is hereby required to write upon Ten distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, the Name of One of each of the Committee or Court of Direction on each of the said Papers, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk, and Five of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk, one by one, and those of the Committee or Court of Direction whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office, unlef*

(a) £«Se in Original Ad."\

re-elected \

[Proviso.]

In case Committee not appointed on Day mentioned, another Meeting for that Purpose.

Subsequent Appointment of Committee in Room of those who shall die, refuse to act, or become difquaGfied.

Member of Committee ne-glestine, to attend for Three Months, another appointed.

No Person concerned in any Contract, (*c. to rote in Committee.

C.clxvi. 5i° GEORGII IIIf A.D. 1811.

re-elected 5 and the said Company shall then elect by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; and such Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Two Years (except in case of Death or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid), and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in the next succeeding Month of May the Five remaining Members of the Committee or Court of Direction first appointed by virtue of this Act, or the Person or Persons elected in his or their Room or Stead shall go out of Office, unless re-elected as after mentioned; and the said Company shall, at their General Assembly to be holden on that Day, or some Adjournment thereof, elect by Ballot as aforesaid Five Members of the said Company qualified as aforesaid, to be upon the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; and such Five Persons so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of One Year, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid) and no longer; and on the First Tuesday in every succeeding Month of May in each and every Year, Four or Five Persons, as the case may require, out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be elected by Ballot as aforesaid by the said Company, to be Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company; and such Four or Five Persons as may be so elected shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in manner by this Act directed, or being removed or displaced as aforesaid), and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, again to be a Member or Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any such Tuesday in the Month of May in any Year, no such Nomination and Appointment of such Members of the Committee or Court of Direction shall be made, then and in every such case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Tuesday Fortnight following for the Purpose of making such Election; and in case no such Nomination and Appointment mail be then made, then and in every such case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Tuesday Fortnight following for the Purpose of making such Election, and so toties quoties until such Members of the Committee or Court of Direction shall he chosen, hut such Members of the Committee or Court of Direction shall not continue in Office or be Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction for any longer Space of time than if he or they had been elected on the said First Tuesday in May as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons elected by the said Company as a

Member or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to be entitled to Five Shares at the leaf! in the said Undertaking, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Direction to elect out of the said Company of Proprietors some Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid, to be a Member or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company in the Room or Stead of the Member or Members of the Committee so dying or refusing to act, or ceasing to be qualified, or holding any Place, Office, Employment or Contract under the said Company; and every such Election of a Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction shall be submitted by the said Committee or Court of Direction to the said Company of Proprietors at their then next General or Special (a) Assembly, when the Election of such Person or Persons shall either be confirmed, or such other Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid shall be elected a Member or Members of such Committee or Court of Direction as the said Company of Proprietors at such General or Special General Assembly shall think proper; and every Person or Persons so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so elected, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction for such time and no longer, as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so elected would have continued in Office. (0) [&> in Original A8.-]

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Member or Members of the said Committee or Coun of Direction, shall for the Space of Three Months refuse or neglect to attend a Meeting of the said Committee or Court of Direction to be holden in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such case such Member or Members so not attending, shall cease to be of the said Committee or Court of Direction, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction at any of their Meetings, or a Majority of them, and they are hereby required to elect another Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid, to be a Member or Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction, in the Room or Stead of the Person or Persons so not attending; and each and every Person and Persons so elected, shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and shall continue in Office as a Member or Members of the said Committee or Court of Direction, for such time and no longer as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so elected would have continued in Office.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall hold any Contract or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or be beneficially employed, or in any manner interested or concerned directly or indirectly in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Use of the said Company, shall have any Voice or be entitled to a Vote at any Meeting or Meetings of the said Committee or Court of Direction during the time that he shall be so employed, concerned or interested as aforesaid; and in case any Person being a Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction, shall hold any Contract or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or shall be in any manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or indirectly, in supplying any Article or Materials for the Use of the said Company, and shall vote at any such Meeting or Meetings of the

10 said

- _- I

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III.

C. clxvi. 537

said Committee or Court of Direction, then and in every such case every such Person so voting at any such Meeting or Meetings, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together Pennhy. with full Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the Person or Persons so convicted shall be absolutely disqualified from acting any longer as a Member or Members of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, and no Proprietor of the said Company, or any Member of the said Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company intereded in any such Coutrad,

Matter or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Question touching or concerning the same.

[Proviso.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any time appear, that for the more effectually Assemblies of putting this Act into Execution a Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary; Proprietor* fpc-to be holden, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Ten or more of the said Proprietors who collectively ci, illy tcnVcat: J» may be possessed of or entitled to One hundred Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, by a Notice under their Hands to be given to the Clerk of the said Company to require the said Clerk to give Notice of such Special General Assembly, and the said Clerk shall and he is hereby required, within Seven Days from the Receipt of such Notice, to give Fourteen Days Notice of such Special General Assembly in One or more of Notice-the London Newspapers, or in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors may at any General Assembly diredf and appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason, Occasion and Intention of requelling such Special Goneral Assembly, and the time when and Place where the same shall be holden, which Place shall be within Three Miles of the said Bridge, and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant t9 such Notice; and such of them as shall be present at such Special General Assembly shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to the Matters so specified in such Notice only; ana all such Acts, Orders or Determinations of the said Proprietors, or the Majority of them met together at every such Special General Assembly, provided that the Proprietors present and reprfcfented by Proxy, shall be possessed in their own Right of at lead Two hundred and fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any (lated General Assembly: Provided always, that in case the said Clerk shall not when so required call the said General Assembly, it shall and may be lawful for the said Ten Proprietors by a similar Notice to call such Special General Assembly; which said Special General Assembly shall have the fame Power, Privilege and Authority, and be in all Respects considered the same as if it had been called by the Clerk of the said Company.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court Committee to of Direction for the managing and conducing the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, and they are appoint Officer*, hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to npminate and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers,

Engineer or Engineers, Architect or Architeds, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rales and Tolls herein allowed to be demanded and taken, and such other Officers as to the said Committee or Court of Direction shall seem proper, and from time to time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Architect or Architects, Surveyor or Surveyors,

Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Officers, or any of them, and to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead in manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Architect, Clerk, Collector or Receiver, or other Officer, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and granting to them respectively such Salary and Compensation as the said Committee or Court of Direction shall think proper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by the said Committee or Court of Direction for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the/aid Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from time to time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and Committee or Court of Direction respectively; ai d each of the said Proprietors of the said Undertaking shall and may, at all convenient times, have Recourse to and peruse and Inqecirnn cf i: ifped the fame, paying for such Perusal and Inspection the Sum of One Shilling and no more,; iud may Frxec demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Words so to be copied the Sum of Nine Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; and if any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Propietors shall refuse to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors so interested as aforesaid, to inspect or peruse such Book or Books of Accounts and Proceedings at all convenient Times or Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Kate or Price aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. Penalty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it mall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee or Court Appointment 01

of Direction to remove any Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officers in cals

Officer or Servant of the said Company; and in case any such Treasurer, Engineer, Surveyor, Archited, of Vacancies Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, shall die, be icmoved from, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, thpn and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Dirtdion to appoint any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Place of the Person or Persons who shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Proprietors, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Gom-51 Geo. III. 4 C pany

55»

Officers, fiC. to account.

I mprii\J*ment.

Powers of Committee.

CclxvL 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

pany to susper.d any Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Received or other Officer or Servant of the said Company, and to appoint any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Room and Stead of the Person or Persons so suspended from the Service of tire said Company, and also from time to time to appoint any new Officer or Officers as they the Committee or Court of Direction shall think necessary for the Affairs of the said Company, consequent upon such Suspension.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company so to be appointed as aforesaid, ffial!, under liii or their Hand or Ha*; ds, at such time and times, and in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors or such Committee or Court of Direction shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and per.cct Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his or their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect* Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver or other Officer or Servant of the said Company and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in his or their respective Hand or Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Directors (a), or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or other Person, shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Accounts, Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee or Court of Direction, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in his or their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or as they shall respectively direct and appoint, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the said Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee or Court of Direction, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place wherein the said Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so ucglccting or refusing, without some reasonable Excuse, shall be and reside, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Treasurer, Engineer, ArchitcCl, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before them, and upon his, her or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary way; and if upon the Confession of the Parly or Parties, or by the Tellimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected, raised or received by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and they are hereby authorized and required, uperr Non payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, ArchitcCl, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively: and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, ArchitcCl, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or if such Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall (till periift in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction, or other Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County, City or Place, there to remain without Bail crMainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Committee or Court of Direction, and shall have paid such Composition, in such manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect. thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee or Court of Direction; but no Treasurer, Engineer, Architect, Surveyor, Clerk, Collector, Receiver, Officer or Person so committed for want of sufficient Diitrefs shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of time than Three Months. (a\ (&> in Original

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities hereby v fled in or directed to be exer-eifed by the said Committee or Court of Direction, maybe done and exercised by the major Pari of the Person9 present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Three, and every such Com-

fc mittee

A.D. 1811. 5P GEORGII III. C.clxvi. 559

tnittee or Court of Directkm shall from Time to time make Report of their Proceedings to the hid General A flem-bliesof the Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions 5 and the said Committee or Court of Direction shall (fubicd nevertheless at all times to such Orders and Directions as a fore said) meet nt such Times and Places,

' find shall from time to time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as they shall think (it; and in order s

to defray the Expences of their Meetings the said Committee or Court of Direction shall from time to time receive out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed,

djufted and settled by the said Company of Proprietors at such General Assemblies; and the said Committee or Court of Direction shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments that may be taken or used for the Purposes of the said Bridge, Street or Streets, or other Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may make Agreements, Contracts and Bargains with the Workmen,

[Proviso.]

Agents, Undertakers and other Persons employed or concerned in making, continuing and completing the said Bridge, Street or Streets, or other Works hereby authorized, and all and every Part or Parts thereof; and the said Committee or Court of Direction shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions cf iu^h General or Special General Assemblies as aforesaid), have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, and the said Committee or Court of Direction shall by themselves or the Clerk or Clerks for the said Company of Proprietors keep a full, correct and true Account of all Monies disbursed and Payments made by the said Committee or Court of liircdion, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Bthalf or in respect of the said Undertaking from any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Tolls, or from any other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed in pr having any Concerns, Dealings or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly by themselve6 or their Clerk or Clerks of (4) the said Company as aforesaid, write, insert and enter in a Book or Books to be from time to time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, Notes, Minutes or Copies (as the case shall require), of any such Contract, Bargain, Receipt and Disbursement, and of all their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept under the Care and Direction of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company aforesaid: Provided always, that every Proprietor in the said Undertaking shall have free Access thereto upon every reasonable Desire for his or her Inspection, on Payment for such Inspedioa of the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

[a) [£0 in Original Ad.']

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Ordeisand Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors at Proceeding e*.

their several and respective General or Special General Assemblies, or of their Committee or Court of Direc- 'wed in Books tion, or any Three or more of them, at their several Meetings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept Company,

for such Purposes respectively, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed respectively by the V1

Chairman of such General or Special General Assembly, or by the Clerk of the said Company, or by the

Chairman of such Committee or Court of Direction, or by their Clerk, and such Order and Proceedings sespectively shall be deemed and taken to be Originals.

XXXII. And it enacted, That the said Committee or Court of Direction, shall have Power from time to Committen my* time, to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of and in the said Under- makaCjlIsv taking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they the said Committee or Court of Direction,

from time to time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Cali shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, (except as herein after mentioned) and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Thirty Days at lead from each other, and Twenty one Days Notice at lead shall -be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisement in One or more of the London Newspapers, or in such other manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct and appoint; provided pioVK#. that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have paid to the said Company in Obedience to their said Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by nis, her or their Sobscription, he, die or they had undertaken to pay, for his, her or their said Share or Shares, and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, (halt pay his, her or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Committee or Court of Direction shall from time to time order and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuft* to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Calls n#t paid. Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and rlace appointed by such Committee or Court of Direction, or within Fourteen Days next ensuing, he, she or they (o neglecting or refuting, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Share he, she or they shall have in the said Undertaking 5 and in Penalty, case such Person or Potions shall continue to negkd or rrfufe to pay his, her or their rateable Call of Calls gs aforesaid, for the Space of Three Months next after the time so appointed for Payment thereof, then and in every such case, he, she or they so neglecting or refuting, shall forfeit his, her or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which Shares so forfeited, shall be S!nr«farfd<4. vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in trull for, and for jtlie Benefit of all the rt ll of the said Pro-tors, in proportion to^ their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special (b) Assemblies, be publicly fold for the Use of the red of the said Proprietors, whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall be, or be deemed to be incurred, save and except pci Iona) No- t, f>nv, rf* tice of such Call or Calls in Writing, signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Committee or Court of Direc- f.iturc Hon, shall have been given to or leit at the laic or usual Place or Places of Abode, of the Owner or Owners Notice, oj such Share or Stares respectively, and in case the Place or Places of Abode of any such Owner or Owners'(i>) [So in Original Ad.]

4. C 2 shall

5 6°

Subftrihers to pay Subscriptions co Calls by Committee.

Failure.

Sued.

Proceedings in yulions for Calif.

Committee may allow Interest to Proprietors on Payment in Advance.

Power to General Assemblies to give Interest.

On Death of SuMVribers before Shares completed, Executors, See. may do it.

C.clxvi 5V GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

shall not be known to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Committee or Court of Direction, then such Notice shall be inserted once in the London Gazettet nor until all such Share or Shares shall likewise have been declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall, and he, she and they is and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as (h ill from time to time be called for by the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of and agreeable to the Powers and Directions of this Act), at such Times and Places, and in such manner as shall be directed by the said Committee or Court of Direction; and in case any such vSubscriber or Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the same at the Time and Place and Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law or Equity whatever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the said Company of Proprietors apainst any Person or Persons who hath or have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or against any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Call or Callst made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount to for such and so many Call or Calls of such and so many Sum and Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the case may happen to beb whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the Special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action, it shall be only necessary to prove, that the Defendant or Defendants, at the time of making such Cali or Calls, was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in Fact made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act, and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear to be Js.e, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Distance of Thirty Days from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect, and also, if the said Judgment shall be affirmed or the said Writ of Error be nonprossed, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages and Cods adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Costs and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Undertaking shall be minded and desirous to pay and advance immediately into the Hands of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or of the Person or Persons whom they shall appoint to receive the same, the full Amount of his, her or their Subscription or Subscriptions for such Share or Shares, for which he, she or they, may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, not being a less Sum than One hundred Pounds, without waiting for the said Cali or Calls to be made, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Committee or Court of Direction to pay to the said Subscriber or Subscribers so paying in Advance as aforesaid, out of the Funds of the said Company, Interest upon the Sum or Sums so advanced, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Amount which such Payment in Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the time of advancing the fame up to the Period of each subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in Advance over and above the Amount of the said Call.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate and Politic, his, her or their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who shall have severally subscribed, and shall pay in the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed by him, her or them, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall or may be demanded of him, her or them, from time to time in lieu thereof, on Account of his, her or their respective Subscriptions or Stock, towards the carrying on and completing the Works aforesaid, shall be entitled, with the Assent of a General Court of Proprietors held for that Purpose, to Interest on every Instalment so demanded and paid, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, which Interest shall commence from the time or times that such Instalments shall have been respectively paid, or from such subsequent time or times as such General Court shall appoint.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, she or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise how and in what manner such Sha*e or Shares shall be disposed of, and how and by what means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, then and in such case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of every such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effe&sof any such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every such

Infant

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. clxvi. 561

Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription 5 and if such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls for the Space of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have been given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any atlier Person or Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietor of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that he, she or they, so admitted, do and shall, on or before such AdmifEon, pay to the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, of the Infant or Infants, or other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his, her or their Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame ean be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the Rest of the said Company Penalty, of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Trull for and for the equal Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors in-Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking; and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of ki like manner as other forfeited Shares may be sold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Pro- Shares may be prietors of the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to fell loid-

and dispose of any Share or Shares to which1 he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet*

I A.B. of in Consideration of paid to me by C. D* Form of Con-

of do hereby bargain, fell, assign and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of vcyance of

' Capital Stock of and in the Southzvarh Bridge, being Sharw.

# of my Share in the said Undertaking, To hold to the said C. D.

Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said C.D. do

hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of subject to

the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Conditions. As witness our Hands and Seals, this

Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and;

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, 1 and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for this, her or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have teltified and indorsed the Entry of such Memorial cm the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Six pence shall be paid; and the said Clerk or Clerks Fee, is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall have been made by the No Share? fold said Committee or Court of Direction as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or after

Shares which he, she or they shall poiTefs in the said Undertaking on Pain of forfeiting his, her or their re- Money paid, spective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, uolefa at the time of such Sale or Transfer, such Person or Persons shall have paid and discharged

to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly, in manner before directed.

1 XL. And whereas, in Cases where the original Subscriber or Subscribers of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall marry, die, become Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or Acquisitton of shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of Shire* by Marthe Transfer thereof with the said Clerk, as directed by this Att, it may not be in the Pdwef of the said V,*8*'-^aL* 4 Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such ration.

Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares, as is hereby required, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her or them for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpose of faLly paying to him, her or them the Interest or Dividends to which he, she or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; Be it therefore further enabled. That before

any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits arising from the said Undertaking in By Marriage, Right of Marriage shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before One of the Juages of His Majesty's

Courti

By Will or in Course of Act-mtaiAration.

By any other Means.

Names of Pro-prietois and Numbers of Shares entered, and Certificates of Number delivered.

Tower to Proprietors to recover Money paid on account or Shares previous to pading of Ad.

Authority to Crwnpany to Wild Bridge.

Cclxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Courts of Record at Westminster, or a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery* or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to stich Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for the time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking $ and that tefone any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequett or Will, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or the Probate thereof, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk or Clerks, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Ad-miuistration in case the Proprietor shall have died Intettate, shall be made and sworn to by any Executor or .Executors of such Will, or by any Administrator or Admiiiistrators of the Estate and Effects (as the case may happen to be) before One of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall file and enter the fame in the manner herein mentioned and that in all cases other than as hereinbefore mentioned, where the Right and Property in one or mo# Sterror Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons by any other legal means than by a Transferor Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit dull be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before One of the Judges in (a) His Majesty's Courts of Recordut Westminster, or a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of ttePeace* dating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons; and the said Judges, Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorised and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that he may and he is hereby required to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors, in the Register Book or Ltd of Proprietors in the said Undertaking; and that in all or any of the said cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special General Assembly, after Six Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Person or Persons ckhniagby such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and such Person or Persons shall not have paid his* ter gr their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three times, at the Intervals of Seven Days between each Advertisement* in some One or more of the London Newspapers, to declare the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and in such case the same shall be and become forfeited and fold, and disposed of in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company. }

(a) [So in original j48.] , }

XLI. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, as to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required at their Fit ft or at some subsequent General Assembly, or as soon as conveniently may be, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand* specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, or a Certificate for each separate and distinct Share, hi case any Proprietor of more than One Share shall request the fame, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Six Pence, and no more, for every such Certificate or Instrument, and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Subscribers, his, her or their Executors, Admiiiistrators and Assigns, t > the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares from felling or disposing thereof 5 and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out or damaged, or shall be ascertained, to have been lost or destroyed, then and in such case another Certificate shall be made out and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall, previous to the passing of this Act, have been paid by any Subscriber or Subscribers to the said Undertaking, for or on account of any Share or Shares therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be accounted for by such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, or Court of Direction, and shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or to such Person or Persons, and at such time or times as they shall respectively appoint; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors, from the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Account the same shall have been paid in such and the like manocr, and by such ways and means, as if such Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid by or received on Account of the said Company of Proprietors, after the passing of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Caid Company, and their Successors, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, Workmen and Assistants, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to deiign, direct, order and build, or cause to be built, and to complete, maintain and keep in Repair with Stone and Iron a Bridge across the River Thames^ from the Bank or Shore thereof at or near

a certain

A.D. 1811. ji' GEORGII III. C-clxvL 563

a certain Wharf or Place on the North Side of the said River called the Three Cranes^. in the Parishes of

Saint James Garlick Hythe, and Saint Martin Vintry^ in the City of London, to the opposite Bank on the South Side of the said River, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, and to dig and make proper Foundations in the said River, and on the Lands and Grounds lying on each Side thereof, for the Pier* and Abutments of the said Bridge, and to cut and level the Banks of the said River in such manner as shall be necessary and proper for building the said Bridge, and to cut, remove, take and carry away all Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud or any other Impediment whatsoever, which may in any wise tend to hinder the erecting and completing the said Bridge, and execute all other Things reejuifite and necessary, useful or convenient for erecting and building, maintaining and supporting the said Bridge, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and further, that for the Purpose orerecting, building, maintaining, repairing and supporting the said Bridge, the said Company shall, from time to time, have full Power and Authority to land on either Side of the said River, within One hundred Yards of the Scite of the said Bridge, all Materials and other Things to be used in and about the fame, and there to work andufe such Materials and Things, according as they the said Company, and the fersons to be by them appointe<Mhall think proper, without any previous Agreement with the Owner or OvcneW of the Property on which such Materials and other Things shall be landed, worked or used, or of the Tenant or Tenant* thereof; doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfaction as herein after mentioned to the respective Owners and Occupiers of all Lands and Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be altered, damaged, spoiled, taken or made use of by means, or for the Purposes of this present Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be conHru&ed at each End of the said Bridge, and on To build Sraiir each Side of each End thereof, convenient Stone Stairs and plying Places for the Use of the Watermen and -ind Ply*ng Wherry men rowing upon the River Thames, from Windsor in the County of Berks to Grave/end in the' c*Jat.County of Kent; and that they the said Watermen and Wherrymen shall have the free Use of the said Stairs^in the same manner as they have of the Stairs and plying. Places at Westminster Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge, and which said Stairs and plying Places shall, at all times after the same shall be mede> be kept in Repair by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be, and they are hereby empowered, to places for take upon Le*fc, or to agree for the Use and Occupation of proper Places within Three hundred Yards of Materials, the Approach to the said Bridge on the South Side thereof, for the Purpose of depositing Stone, lion.

Timber and other Materials for building the said Bridge, and* to sell the same, in such and the like manner as is herein after directed with respect to Lands not wanted for the Purposes of this A Cl.

XLVI. And, to the Intent that the Navigation of the said River Thames may not be obstructed, be it A free Paflaga* further enacted, That there shall always be and remain a free and open Passage or Pbflages for the Water to pass and repass through the Arches of the Bridge to be built by virtue of this Act, so as to conHitute a clear im*dred nnlt Water Way of Six hundred and sixty Feet, at the least, within the Banks of the River, and that none of luty pee^ the Arches shall have a less Waterway than Two hundred and ten Feet in- Width through each and every of the said Arches; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall not make any Embankment or Emhankments above or below the said Bridge, on either Side thereof, that shall extend more than Fifty Feet in Length, above or below the said Bridge, or make such Embankment to extend into the River, within Five Feet of the nearest Part of either of the Arches next to the River Banks.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors in building and erecting the Not more thin-said Bridge, shall not erect or place more than Two Centres at one time under the Aiches or intended Arches.

of the said Bridge whifft the same shall be building, and shall not begin to erect any other Centre until One of '"he

the said Centres shall have been entirely removed, so that there shall not at anytime be more than Two whole fcmc time. Centres Handing, being or remaining under the Arches, or intended Arches of the said Bridge; nor shall the said Company of Proprietors cause or permit any other unnecessary Obllruction to the Navigation in the Erection of the said Bridge; and in case more than Two Centres shall be Handing, erecting or remaining at the same time, or any other unnecessary Obstruction made as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors shall remove the fame within Twenty Days after Notice in Writing shall be delivered to them, or left with any of their Agents,

Clerks, Servants or Workmen, by or by the Order of the Lord Mayor for the time being of the City of London for that Purpose; and if the said Company of Proprietors shall neglect to remove within the time specified in such Notice, such Centres, or other Obstructions, then it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor for the time being, to remove, or cause the same to be removed, and from time to time as the same shall occur, and the Charges and Expences of any such Removal shall be forthwith paid by the said Company to the said Lord Mayor for the time being, or his Order, together with the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Neglect to Penalty, remove any such Centre or Centres, or Obstruction, when required as before mentioned; the said. Sum of Twenty Pounds to be recovered by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLVIII. And whereas it may happen that after the said Bridge shall have been completed and in use, the fame may receive Damage by unforeseen Accidents, so that the Passage thereof may for a time become dangerous and impracticable; Be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall so happen it shall and Temporary may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Bridge Three or more of them* or such Person or Persons as they shall and may appoint for that Purpose from time to time, as often as Occasion shall require, to erect or build a Temporary Bridge at such Place or Places near to the Scite of the said Bridge as they shall judge to be moH proper and convenient, and there to take and receive for Passage over the River Thames by such Temporary Bridge such Tolls as are hereinbefore authorized to> be taken for puffing over the said Bridge: Provided always, that such. Temporary Bridge shall continue for removal.

such;

5 6 4

Company may widen Queen btrett.

frroviso.

S'rcet from .Bvkfide to BlackmanStreoi.

Company taking I and belonging to the See of Winchefttr.

Tmrcr to make an Archway over Bank side.

C.clxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

such time only as shall be necessary for repairing and rebuilding the said Bridge, and rendering the Passage over the fame safe and commodious.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to lower or raise such Parts of a certain Street called Queen Street, in the City of London, and to widen ana make other Alterations therein as may be deemed proper for the more convenient and suitable Access to the said Bridge, and to allot and lay out such Part thereof for Carriages, and such Part thereof for Foot Passengers as they shall think proper, and to cause to be dug up and carried away, out ofi or to be brought into Queen Street aforesaid, such Gravel, Stone, Sand and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Labourers, Carriers and others, and to do all other Acts which they shall judge necessary or conducive to the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and dispose of the old Materials, and to apply the Money arising thereby towards re-imbursing their Charges, and likewise that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietor, if they shall think fit, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to raise. sink or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Spurs, Steps, Areas, Cellar Windows and Watercourses, Pipes or Spouts belonging to any of the Houses, and also the Leaden or other Pipes, which for the Purpose of conveying Water inlb any House or other Place shall be laid into or from any Pipe laid down by any of the Companies or Societies who fumish die Inhabitants of the City of London with Water, and to remove and alter the Course and Direction of any Sewers or Drains, and to remove all other Obstructions, so as the lame respectively be done with aslitde Detriment and Inconvenience to the said Companies, Societies and Inhabitants, as the Circumstances of the case will admit, and so as the said Company of Proprietors do relay all necessary Pavements, and make all necessary Drains and Sewers in the Room and Stead of those they shall so remove or alter as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to charge the said Company of Proprietors with repairing or making good such Pavements, Sewers, Drams or Alterations in future; but that from and after the same shall be so relaid, altered, repaired and made good as aforesaid, the same shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Companies or Societies as now are or hereafter shall be chargeable therewith.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to design, lay out, open and make a spacious and convenient Street, Way or Passage, not less than Sixty Feet in Width from House to House, from the South Side of the said Bridge, at or near a certain Place or Alley called Horse Shoe Alley to Blackman Street, both in Southwark aforesaid, so as to open opposite, or as nearly opposite as may be, a certain Road made or intended to be made pursuant to an Act made in the last Session '(d) of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey. (a) [This does not appear

to be an Act of the last Sejffion, but to.be 49 G. 3. c. clxxxvi. See Cap. clxxv.^P.]

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or any wife be con-llrued to extend so as to authorize and empower the said Company of Proprietors to take any further or greater Quantity of Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the Sec of Winchester, for the Purpose of making, .completing and maintaining the said new Street intended to be made from Horse Shoe Alley to Blackman Strut aforesaid, than shall be deemed necessary and sufficient for the making, completing and maintaining such new intended Street, without the Con fen t in Writing of the Lord Bishop of Winchester, and his Successors for the time being, first had and obtained for that Purpose.

LII. And whereas, in order to make a gradual Ascent to the said Bridge, on the South Side thereof,

without dcllroying or incommoding the free Passage of Persons, Horses and Carriages, along the present Street or Road, called Bankfde9 Southwark, it may be necessary to condru£l an Arch over the said Road or

Street, under the ascending Avenue or Entrance to the said Bridge, on the South Side thereof: And whereas in making the said Street to communicate with the said Bridge, on the South Side thereof, from Blackman Street, Southwark, it may be necessary to take up and remove the Pavements of divers Alleys,

Lancs, Courts and Streets, through or over which the said new Street from Blackman Street aforesaid is intended to be made; Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to make or cause to be made an Archway over the said Street or Road called Bankjide aforesaid, of a Width not being less than Twenty four Feet, at the Bottom orwidell Space thereof, of a Height being not less than Fourteen Feet from the Centre of the said Arch to the Level of the said Road; and also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby also required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to take up or cause to be taken up, all or any Part of the Pavements of the several Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets aforesaid, through or over which the said new Street is intended to pass, and to repair, raise, relay and pave the Carriage-way of the said new Street with Scotch Granite, and the Foot-way with Yorkshire Flag Stones, and put up and affix a sufficient Number of Pods, Lamp Pods and Lamp Irons, and otherwise make the said new Street fit for the Transit of Persons, Horses and Carriages, and to allot and lay out stich Parts thereof for Carriages, and such Parts thereof for Foot Passengers, as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, or Court of Direction, shall think proper, and to cause to be dug up, and carried away out of the said Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets aforesaid, and to be brought into the said intended new Street, such Gravel, Stones and other Materials, and to employ such Artificers, Labourers, Carriers and others, and to do all other Acts which they shall judge necessary or conducive to the Purpose# aforesaid, and to repair, raise and relay the Pavement of the Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets on each Side of the said intended new Street, through and over which the fame is intended to pass, so as the free Passage of the said Alleys, Lanes, Courts and Streets may not be obflru&ed or impeded, and to sell and dispose of

13 the

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C.clxvi. 565

the old Materials, and to apply the Money arising thereby, towards re-imbursing their Charges; and likewise, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall think fit, at their own proper Costs and Charges, to raise, fink or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Spurs, Steps, Areas,

Cellar Windows and Watercourses, Pipes or Spouts, belonging to any of the Houses, and also the Leaden or other Pipes, which for the Purpose of conveying Water into any House or other Place, shall be laid into or from any Pipe laid down by any of the Companies or Societies who furnish the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Southwark with Water, and to remove all Drains, Sewers and other Obstructions whatever, so as the fame be done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said Companies, Societies and Inha- bitants, as the Circumstances of the Case will admit, and so as all proper new Drains, Sewers and Watercourses be substituted in the Room or Stead of such Drains, Sewers and.Watercoprfes which shall or may be so removed as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to Proviso.extend, to charge the said Company of Proprietors with repairing or making good such Streets or Ways,

Pavements or Alterations in future, but that from and after the same shall be so made as aforesaid, the same shall for«ver thereafter be repaired and maintained out of such Funds or Rates, and by such Person or Persons. Companies or Societies, as shall by Law be chargeable therewith.

LIII. Provided always, and be it funher enabled, That all such Ballad, Sand, Gravel, Earth or other Procming Materials as the said Company of Proprietors, or the Person employed or to be employed by them, shall Gravel from the at any time raise or take from and out of the said River Thames, for the Purpose of forming the said Streets, River hanus* or any other Purpose whatsoever, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be raised and taken from such Parts of the said River only as the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as Conservator of the said River, or the Person or Persons acting under his Authority, shall, on Request of the said Company of Proprietors in .Writing, direct and appoint.

LIV. And be it further ena^cd, That all the Gravel, Ballad, Sand, Earth or other Materials which flmll No Gravel, at any time or times hereafter be raised or taken from or out of the said River under the Authority of this returned or Ad shall be wholly removed, carried and conveyed from the said River, without fereening or returning of any Part thereof into the said River after the same shall have been so raised or taken from and out of the said .River; anti in case any Person £hatl throw or return into the said River any Part of such Gravel, Bdllaft,

Sand, Earth or other Materials so to be raised or taken from and out of the said River, after the Tame shall have been rai 1 or taken from and out of the said River as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered before the Mayor or either of the Pculty. Aldermen of the said City, by Information upon the Oath of the Informer, or One or more Witness or Witnesses, and that One Moiety of the said Penalty, when recovered, shall be given ta the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to or for the Use of the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the fame City.

LV. And tyherea6 divers Wharfs, Warehouses, ana other Buildings are situated on the Banks of the said c River, near and contiguous to the Places from and to which the said Bridge isproposed to be erected and built* Be it therefore further euaded, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Pro- To take and prietors to take and use the Lands occupied by the said Wharfs, Warehouses and other Buildings, if requisite use Wharfs and to be taken and lifell for and towards the Eredkm and Building of the said Bridge, and to take down and )!'*TehouJf' °n remove such Wharfs, Warehouses and other Buildings, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their-Intention*

to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, first making Satisfaction to the Owner or Ownens,

Occupier or Occupiers of such Wharfs, Warehouses and other Buildings, in manner herein after directed, in respect of the Owners of other Lands.

LVI. And whereas it may be expedient and necessary to take down and remove certain Houses near and contiguous to the Places from and to which the said Bridge is proposed to be erected and built, for the Purpose of widening, enlarging and improving the Access to the said Bridge, Be it therefore further enabled, That Power to take it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to take down and remove any House or down Houses on Houses which it may be deemed necessary and expedient to take down and remove, for the Purpose of erecting ComPcuf*uon' and building the said Bridge, and for widening, enlarging and improving the Acceffes and Avenues thereto, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses, and first making such Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Houses in manner herein after directed, in respect of the Owners of Lands to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act.

LViL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Pro- Power to take prietors to take and use any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Henedi- ^ands for taments which may be deemed necessary and convenient for the widening, making and conflruding the Streets,

Acceffes or Avefcues to and from the said Bridge which they the said Company of Proprietors are authorized flo: n Bfidge to make and construd by virtue of this Act, upon giving Six Months Notice of such their Intention to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Erections, Buildings, Tenements,

Wharfs and Hereditaments, and first making Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Groands, Houses, Erections, ' Buildings, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, in manner here* inafter directed: Provided always, that no Wharf, Ground, Warehouse, House or Building, Garden, proviso.

Planted Walk or Yard belonging to a House, shall be taken or made use of by the said Company of Proprietors for the purpose of this Act, except such as are mentioned in the Schedules hereunto annexed, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners (hereof being first had and obtained for that Purpose.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of Proviso for Pre-.this Act shall not be entitled or authorised to take down and remote any of the Tenements or Buildings now in mi*58 of McflV. the Occupation of Meffre* Child and Sons, situate on the West Side of Horse Shot vllley aforesaid, except the chiW'

51 Geo. III. 4 D Tenement

5 66

'Company to

have 30', 000l. rr.-iled beforeAft carried into Execution.

-'Proviso as to X/ifnomer or wron^ Deter ip-tiiMisin Schedule.

30, 0001. investsd in Names of Trustees previous to Lands being purchased r Works begun.

'Committee empowered to c«U for 400, 000!

Pc nalty.

Cclxvi, ji° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Tenement used fora Press Shop, without first giving- Eighteen Months Notice to the said Messrs. Child and Sons, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Premises, of such their Intention to take down and remote the same.

LIX. provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to take any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Vremifes, for the Purposes of this Act, or to proceed with the Works herein authorized To be made, until a sufficient Number of Sui; (briber? shall have been obt lined, who will undertake to raise the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, such Subscription to he obtained within the Space of Eighteen "Calendar Months from the p?.fling--of this Act, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen of th .* City of London, or to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, assembled at any General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, and to be subject to all the Provisoes and Enactments herein contained in respect of any other such Sum or Sums of Money mentioned in this Act.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Houses, Lands, Grounds, Gardens, Yards, Buildings, Erections, Wharfs and Hereditaments mentioned and described in the Schedules hereunto annexed, or any of the Personsin whose Poffiffion or Occupation the fame or any Part thereof are or is stated or described to be shall happen to be omitted, misnamed or inaccurately described, then and in such case, on the fame being certified by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the same shall lie or be situated, such Omission, Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act; but the fame Premises, and every Part thereof shall and may be purchased and fold, or assessed and valued in manner* herein after mentioned, and conveyed, disposed of and applied for and to the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame was or were properly named or described in the said Schedules.

LXL. And be it further enacted, That before any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments shall be purchased or taken by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and before the said Bridge or Streets and Accesses thereto shall be begun to be erected, built, widened or made, the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to invest in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of Sir Charles Price and Sir William Curtis Baronets, and of George Holme Sumner, Samuel Thornton, and William Mellish Esquires, or the Survivor or Survivors of them, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, which Sum, when so inverted, together with all the Interest and Dividends to accrue therefrom, and which are hereby directed to be inverted from time to time as they shall become payable, in the said Fund, in Accumulation with the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds shall be and continue in Trust for the Purposes herein after directed concerning the same; and when and as soon as it shall appear to the Satisfiaftkm of the said Trustees for the time being, or the Majority of them, that the said Briage and Streets, and the Works connected therewith shall be io far erected, built and made, that the said Sum of Money so in vested in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities as hereinbefore directed, together with the Accumulations as aforesaid, will be sufficient to finish and complete the said Bridge, Streets and Works, then the said Trustees shall and they are hereby authorized andrequired to transfer the same to the said Company of Proprietors, or as they shall direct, to be applied for that Purpose; and in case the said Company of Proprietors mall not within Ten Years from and after the passing of this Act complete the said Bridge, Streets and Works, then the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Accumulations before mentioned, shall be applied in removing such Parts of the Bridge and Works as shall or may be then erected and left unfinished in such manner as they the said Trustees, or a Majority of them for the time being, shall order and direct: er in case the said Company of Proprietors shall at any time after the passing of this Act neglect or^omit, for the Space of Sir Calendar Months in Succession to proceed with or make reasonable Progrefr. in erecting, budding and makinghe said Bridge, Streets and Works, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Majority of them for the time being, if they shall in their Discretion think proper, forthwith to apply the said Trust Funds and Accumulations in removing such Part or Parts of the said Bridge or Works as shall have been erected, built and made, and which shall have beenfo left unfinished in the same manner as if the aforesaid Term of Ten Years had actually expired.

LXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Tor the said Committee or Court of Direction, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make Call or Calls from the Subscribers to*and Proprietors of and in the said Undertaking, for his, her or their rateable and proportionable Part of the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds according to the Amount of his, her or their respective Subscriptions; and if any Person or Persons shall refnfe or neglect. on having-been duly required by Notice to be given in manner*last hereinbefore mentioned, to pay within Thirty Days from the Date thereof the Amount of his, 'her or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid-; then and in such case, and immediately thereupon he, she or they so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit his, her or their Share or respective Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares so forfeited as last mentioned shall be publicly fo3d for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as.last aforesaid; and the Purchaser or respective Purchasers of such Share or Shares shall within Fourteen Days next after such Purchase or respective Purchases shall be made, pay such rateable or proportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid, on the Amount of the Share or Shares which they shall so purchase, or so much thereof as shall not have been paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Share or respective Shares shall have previously belonged, or otherwise such their respective Shares so purchased shall again he subject to Forfeiture and Sale in the same manner as hereinbefore provided in case of Nonpayment by the said Subscribers or Proprietors.

3 LXIII. Pro-

A.D. 181 r.

510 Georgii nr.

C.cIxvL 56

LXIII. Provided a! ways, and it is hereby further etiacted, That as ©ften'as any of the said Tfaxftees hereby appointed, shall die or refuse to act, or on any Account become incapable of acting during the Existence of any of the Trusts hereby created, it shall be lawful for thedurviving or remaining Trustees, or the major Part, of them, by Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place of him or them so dying, refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, and the Person or Persons so elected shall have the fame Powers and Authoritiesas the Trustees herein named.

LXIV. And be it further en'acted, That if the said Company of Proprietors shall not within Tea Years from and after the passing of this Act complete the said Bridge, and also the said Street from the said Bridge to Blackman Street aforesaid, so 29 to make the fame paffabi* for Horses and Carriages, that then and from thenceforth all and singular the Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act shall cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Hoitfes, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments shall be set out and ascertained for building the said Bridge, and for making, widening and constructing the Streets, Accedes and Avenues thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate' or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Tenants for Life, and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or-Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives whether in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Ex^ peCiancy or otherwise, and to and for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust: for Charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successorsj but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of of interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, or are, or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in* any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, lease, sell and convey the fame and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, and all such Contracts, Agreements, Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, which said Leases, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall he kept by the Clerk or Clerk* to the said Company of Proprietors; who shall from time to time, when requeued, deliver attested Copies thereof to-any Person or Persons interested therein requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Nine Pence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words; and every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Act, in the Manner and Form aforesaid shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever t any Law, Statute, Usage or Custora to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, Expectancy or otherwise; and alii Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert* Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all and every other Person or Persons who is or are foized, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments through, in or upon which the said Bridge, Streets, Accedes or Avenues thereto, and other Works hereby authorised to be built, made and conformed, are intended to be built, made and constructed, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of focli Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the said Works herein directed and authorised to be made, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents (except in cases of Spiritual Persons to whom Compensation for Glebe and Tythes shall be made in manner herein after directed), as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee or Court of Direction, and in case the said Parties so interested in the said Lands, Grounds, Waters (a), Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditaments, or any of them, and the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be settled and ascertained as is herein after directed; and all such yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed on between the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and the said Parties so interested in such Lands, Waters (a), Erections, Buildings, Houses, Grounds, Tenements, Wharfs and Hereditament*, or any of them* or as shall be so ascertained and settled, shall be charged on the Tolls and Rates arising by virtue of this Act; and such Rents or Sums shall be paid by the said Company of PVoprrctors cither Yearly or Half Yearly, as the same shall be.agreed to become due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the same shall so become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments may happen to lie, upon Affidavit made before them that the fame has been due and payable for upwards of Thirty Day?, and is not yet paid and discharged, by an Order under their Hands to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates and Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums mall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Justices taking such Security from every such Person for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall judge proper and sufficient, and every fuclr Person so appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates and TolU, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting

(a) [So im Original Act.]

4 D 2 the

NVw Tnu'v -imte-idot those dying.

Bridge and Street completed in Ten Years.

Bodies Politick and other incapacitated Per-fom empowered to tell and convey Lands, &c.

SattsfaClioTv

made*

568

If P*i tics dif-ittiffied, Jury.

Jury ifrrpanel-ling.

C.clxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

tUe feme, awl shall; be fobje& to the fame Pennies, Rules and Regulations, and shall receive and retain thereout such reasonable Satisfaction (or his Trouble therein as live said Jut ices respectively shall determine, in like manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said Rates and ToMs by the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, until such yearly Rents or Sums, together with all Costs and Damages by reason of the Nonpayment thereof, shall be fully (itistied and paid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Eccfcfiastical or Civil, and Tenant and Tenants for Life, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or Expedancy, and Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tad, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives; and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees and all and every other Person or Persons to whom such yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, to sue for and recover the fame with full Cqfts of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or otherwise to seize and distrain tire Tolls and Rates arising by virtue of this Act, (Information of such Distrrfa being immediately given to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, by Notice in Writing delivered at the Office of the Clerk of the said Goropany, or affixed to Come of their Gates or Toll Hordes, near to the Place where such Distrefe was made) and to detain as much of the said Rates and Tulls as shall amount to such Sum or Sums of Money so due and unpaid as aforesaid, together with the reasonable Charges attending speh Distrefe.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further eoaded, That if any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees in Trust, Executor, Administrators, Huffiand, Guardian, Tmftee, Committee of or for any Idiot or Lunatic, or any Ferae Covert, or any Person whether Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail* General or Special, or (or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or any other Person or Persons (b Kite* relied or entitled as aforesaid, cannot agree with the said Committee or Court of Direction, respecting the Pur* ebafe of or the annual Rent for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Satkfe&ion to be made for any Damages that may be (uftaiued from time to, time by him, her or them, by the making, widening or maintaining'of the said Bridge or Streets, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Works to be made andmain-tained by virtue of this Act, and ffia}l. give Notjoe in Writing to the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, requiring a Jury to be summoaed for the Purpose of determining such Purchasie, annual Rent or Satisfedlion; or if any such Body Politic, Corporate or Cojlcgiate, or any Person or Per* fans foiuterested or entitled as aforesaid* (baJA, upon Notice, in Writing, given by the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Pire^ion, to the principal Officers of any such Body Politic* Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Fegfieeor Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Hufhaad, Guardian, TroL tee. Committee of or for any Idiot, Lunatic or any Feme Covert, or to such Tenant for , Life, oci* Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Person or Persons so ioterested or entitled as aforesaid respectively, or left, at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, to be made ufo of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space ot Twenty oue Daya next after such Notice, oegle& or refuse* to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability, by Nonage, Coverture or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposea aforesaid, or shall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty one Days, produce and fully difolofethe State of the Title to the Premises which be, (lie or they respectively is or are, or shall be in Possession of, and the Interest which he, she or they respectively may claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or move of them, ffiaft, and they are hereby empowered and required within Twenty one Days after the Receipt of such Notice by the Clark to the said Company of Proprietors, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, in case Security in manner herein required shall be given, or after the Expiration of Twenty one Days after the Delivery of such Notice by the said Cferk (as the.case may be) to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to the Sheriffs of Londaa* or to the Sheriff of the County of Surwey* as the case shall require, and in case the said Sheriff or Sheriffs* or his or their Under Sheriff shall be One of the said Company of Proprietors* pr enjoy any Office or Place of Profit or Trust under them, or shall be otherwise ipterqfted in the Matter in question, then to any One of the Coroners of the said City or County who shall not be so.inferested as aforesaid, and in case all the fojd Coroners of the said City or County shall be so interested, than to the last Person or Persons who filled the Office of Sheriffs of LjuhIqb, or Sheriff of the County of Suny, who shall not be interested as aforesaid; commanding fuel) Sheriff* or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner or such other Person to impanel, fijmroon and return a Jury, and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner or such ofhet Persons or Perfpp, are and is hereby required-accordingly to impound, summgn and return a Jury of Twenty four honest, Efficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to he returned for the Trials of Issues.in His Majesty's Courts of Record at U^tmin/Urf to appear before the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Shqriff, Coroner or Xu ch. other Person or Persons at such Time and Place, as in such Warrant shall be appointed, fych time not being less than Eight or more than Fourteen Days after such Warrant shall be ferned upon the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, and Eight Days Notice at the least in Writing, under the Hands of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, is hereby required to he given to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees or any other Persons or Person as aforesaid, interested hi any such Lands or other Hereditaments or iQ be left at the respective Dwelling Houses gi Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of tire Head Officer or Officers of such Corporation, or at tha House off the Tenant in possessioq of (uqh, Lands or other Hereditaments of the Time and Place of the feidJ.ury befog so imp impelled, fu ramose d and returned, and the said Sheriffs, or Sheriff* Under Sheriffs, Coroner

or

A.D. 1811. 5I° GEORGII III. C.clxvi. 589

or such other Persona or Person, are or is hereby required, out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned Jury sworn.

and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, to swear or cause to be sworn

Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen,

the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, or such other Persons or Person, shall retnrn other

honed, sufficient and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that

Service (being qualified as last aforesaid) to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and it

/Nall and may be lawful to and for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel and Solicitors, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or

such other Persons or Person respectively, and fufch Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any Challenge.

of the said Jurymen, when they come to be sworn* but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriffs»

or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Person or Persons, is and are hereby empowered and

required, by a Summons or Notice to be signed by such Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, either previous to or at the time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to call before

them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness Examining Wit-

or Witnesses upon Oath, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under nefFe*

Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, may order and authorize the said Jury, or auy Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in quedion, if there be Occasion, and to use all other lawful ways and means, as well for his and their own as for the Jury's better Information in the Premisea, as the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner of such other Persons or Person shall think fit; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, arc and is hereby empowered and required to adminider) shall esquire of, assess and ascertain the Sum of Money or annual Rent to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or other Hereditaments, or what .Damages will be fudained by and what Recompence and SatisfcpSion shall be made to focli Owners, Occu- Damages, piers or other Person or Persons intereded for or on account of the taking of such Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, or of turning any Part or Parts of the said Street or Streets, Avenues -or Acceffes to the said Bridge, into, over or through the fame Lands or other Hereditaments, and shall .affefa separate Damages for the fame; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained ajid settled such Damage, Recompence and Satisfaction, the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so adefied by the said Jury to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Committee or Court of Direction on their Behalf, to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Person or Persons intereded in the said Lands or other Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, and shall give Judgment' for such Pur- h

chafe Monies, Rent, Recompence or Satisfaction to be assessed by such Jury, which said Verdict or In- Proceeding* quisition, Order and Judgment, thereon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff* Final#

Under Sheriffs, Coroner or such other Persons or Person, and shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Inteuts and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, Infants, .Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Difebility whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and shall not be removed by Certiorari Certiorari.

-or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record ajfc Wejbtmjiery or any other Courts j any J^aw. or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Coroner, or such other- Sheriff, &c. to Persons or FerforL-so.directed to impaunel, Common and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his or their Deputy or- himmt.n Jury. Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Re- Penalty, cord at Westminster* by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Bodies Politie, Corpbrate or Collegiate,

Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons intereded in the Matter in question; and if any Person

so impannelled, fommoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, without some reasonable

Excuse, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being so sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the truer

Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and to the fame Pains

and Penalties for such Default, as if lie had been impannelled, summoned and returned for the Trial of any

Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and if any Person so summoned and required to Suhimon$and

£ive Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall negfoft or refuse to appear, or shall not alledge

a sufficient Excuse to the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Persons or Person,

for not appearing, or, appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, then and in

every such case, every such Person so offending, upon Proof thereof made before One of His Majesty's juf-

tices of the Peace for the City or County, in which the Matter or Question shall arise upon the Oath of One

jot more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding.

Five Pounds, according to the Discretion of the said Juiliee; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forth- Penalty, with paid, it shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant upder the Hand and Seal of the said Juiliee, by Didress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to such Person the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of touch Didress and Sale shall be ifodu&ed, and every such Penalty which shall be paid by or recovered from any Person wiurihall- be impapn.eikd* summou^d and returned

cm

57° C.clxvi.

5»° GEORGII III.

Perjury.

Persons requesting Juries, to

Company not to notice Complaint. unless previous Application.

Satisfaction for Tythes.

A.D. 18>n*

on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons, who shall appear

to the said Justice to be injured by the Default of such Persons*

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who, in any Examination to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Acts shall wilfully and corruptly give false Kvidenee, or otherwise forswear themselves, before any such Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace, acting as fuett in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and, upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties, as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, are by the Laws in-being fubie& and liable to.

LXX. And be it further emitted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and Person or Persons requeuing a Jury to be summoned, shall (before such Warrant enter into Bonds. shall be issued* for tlrat Purpose) enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, in a Penalty of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, with Condition to pay and bear the Cost* and Expends of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater or for a lets Sum or Rent than had been offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, before the impannelling, summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries for the Purchase ofr or as a Recompence for any Lands or other Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages where the whole Dispute was whether any Damages were or were not done as aforesaid'.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction shall not, nor shall any of them be obliged or allowed, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her or them sustained or supposed to be sustained by virtue or in consequence of this Act, unless Notice shall have been given thereof, by or on behalf of such Person or Persons to the Clerk of the said Company, or of the said Committee or Court of Direction, within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have eeased.

LJ^XII. And be it farther enabled. That full Recompence, Satisfaction and Compensation1 shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors for all the Tythes both Great and Small, of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Power of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled or who would have been entitled to such Tythes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of according to their respective Infeerefts therein, such Tythes to be estimated at the average Value iff Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas\ in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and six, such average Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is hereinbefore directed to be afeer- tained: Provided always, that the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Aci for all Glebe Lands and Tythes, belonging to Spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an annual Rent.

LXX III.And be it further enacted, That in each and every case where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, or for a greater annual Rent, for a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments of or belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate^ Ecclesiastical or Civil, or to any Person or Persons unknown, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done to any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Property than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only, - and where no Compensation, or a smaller Sum than shall be given by such Verdict had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or where by reason of Absence m Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not. be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with and make Conveyances to and receive Compensations from the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such cases all the Expences of impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriff* Coroner, or such other Persons or Person so impannelling^ summoning and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict as aforesaid, uud be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent as had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or for a less Sun* than had been so previously offered, or for Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only 5 or in case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with or make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Company of Proprietors* or their Committee or Court of Direction, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in all such cases, (except where by reason of Absence or otherwise any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, when such Costs and Expences shall be paid by the said Proprietor*}^ the Costs and Expences of impannelling* summoning and returning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled in like manner by the said Sheriffs or Sheriff, Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Persons or Person so impannelling, summoning and returning such Jury and taking such Verdict, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, shall have such Concerns, Disputea or Controversies, which

said

[Proviso.]

Expence of fury and Witnesses, Vy whom paid.

57*

A.D. 181 i. 5i° GEORGII III. C. clxvi

iaid Cods and Expencea having been so settled, shall and may be deduced out of the Money so assessed, and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; and in case no Damages shall be

Jjiveu by such Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, such Costs and Expences, after having been o ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by such ways and means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriffs Under Sheriffs, Coroner, or such other Persons The Value of or Person, and Juries respectively, , in their Awards, Determinations, Adjudications, Judgments and Verdicts, Lands and Com-/concerning the Value of Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments shall separately and distinctly proportion l^n^l'on for off any particular Estate, Terms orlnterefts, and also any Damages sustained or to be sustained by any Body cffc

Politic or Bodies Politic, Corporate, Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any other Person or Persons whomso- P ever, by or in consequence of the Execution of any Powers of this Act, and shall assess and adjudge the Value set upon such Estate, Term and Interest, and the Money assessed and adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid -distinct and apart from each other.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, Lands to veil in -or giving Security-for Payment of any such annual Rent as shall have been contracted or agreed for between Company on the Parties, or adjusted and determined by the said Committee or Court of Direction, or assessed by such Junes in manner respectively as aforesaid for the Purchase or Rent of any such Lands, Tythea or other Heredita- Valued*-ments, or as a Recompence for any yearly Produce or Profits thereof as hereinbefore mentioned to the Pro- Amount of prietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tythes or other Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as Damages.

shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Purchase Money or Rent respectively, or his, her or -their Agent or Agents at any time after the fame (ha 11 have been actually so agreed for, determined or assessed,

-or depositing the fame in the Bank of England, in manner by this A.& directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Agents, Workmen and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments respectively for before such Payment or Tender or Security given by .Leave of the Owners.or Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust and Interest of any Person or Persons therein shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Payment, Tender or Deposit .shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, fnterest or Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of very such Person, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy or otherwise of his, her or their I flue, and of all and every other Person and Persons interested therein: Pro- Piorifo. vided nevertheless, that before such Payment* Security, Tender, Investment or Deposit made or given as aforesaid shall be made, it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons mailing under or by virtue of their Authority, to dig or cut or otherwise affect any Lands or Grounds, or to -take down, remove or otherwise affe£l any Lands or Grounds, Tenements or other Hereditaments of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security for the Purpose of building or erecting the said Bridge, or of making or constructing any of the Streets, Acceffes or Avenues.to or from the same, or any of the Works fhercnpio belonging, without the Leave and Consent of such Person or Persons respe6Uvely.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Judgments and Verdicts so given shall L>c transmitted VerdictsofJu-to and be kept by the respective Clerks ct the Peace, or other Person or Persons having the Custody of the ries recorded. Records of the Quarter-Sessions of the said City of Lanzlau and County of Surrey respectively, where such Verdict shall have been given, and shall be deposited witji and be deemed to be Records of such Quarter-Sessions respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever* and all Persons shall have Liberty to insped the fame, paying for such lafpediou. Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, or to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Nine pence for every One hundred Words; audfo in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words,

JL.XX.VII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme Bargains and Covert to the said Company of Proprietors, gr anyJ?erson or Persons in Trust for them, by Indenture or Sales tohive indentures of Bargain and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Prefeuce of and attested by ^nd0^.* Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged and enrolled in the Court of Hustings of the City of Londany Series! in case the premises in quelhon lie within such City or the Liberties thereof; but if not within such City or Liberties, fften to be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Eines, Recovery or Recoveries would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains, and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seized of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in the Premises, in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form, whatsoever.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances to be made by the said Com- The Word# pany of Proprietors, under or by virtue, and in purfuince of the several Powers and Authorities to them hereby )

given, "* w

C. clxvi.

510GEDRGtl III.

A.D. 1811.

Company empowered to re-fell Lands which Truy not be u\n<fed.

operate as Co- given, the Words u grant, bargain and fell, " shall amount to and be construed and adjudged in all Courts rf venants forTitle. Judicature to be express Covenants to the Grantee, Lessee or other Purchaser, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from the said Company of Proprietors, for themfeNesand their Successors, that they the said Company of Proprietors, uotvvithftar.ding any Act done by them, were at the time of the ^Execution of every such Grant or Conveyance seized of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, conveyed and fold of an indefcafible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof, against the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them; and that all such Purchasers shall be indemnified and saved harmless by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

LXXIX. And whereas, in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act, and to avoid Dispute?

with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, Wharfs or Hereditaments

which may be affected by building the said Bridge, and by making, widening and constructing the Streets,

Avenues and Accedes, the said Company of Proprietors may purchase Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings,

Houses, Wharfs, Tenements Or Hereditaments not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this x Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That h shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of and by Indenture under thrir Common Seal, absolutely to grant and convey such Part or Farts of the Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and also lo lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements and Hereditaments, as and for a Street or Streets, Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, and that all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers, for the time being, to the said Company of Proprietors to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be foldT which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Wharfs, Tenements or'Hereditaments, or any Parts or Parcels thereof as shall be sold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts respectively shall be expressed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be anfiverable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication

Proviso for Offer or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof: Provided always, That the said Company of rerdl°mpany 10 ^roP^etors> Before they frail sell and dispose of such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tene c'ments or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest therein, shall first otter to resell the same to any Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, for such Estate or Interest as such Person or Persons had therein, and sold to the said Company of Proprietors for and at a Price to be paid by the said Company; and in case flic said Company and such Person or Persons frail differ and not agree as to the Price or Prices thereof, and such Person or Persons frail nevertheless signify his, her or their Desire to purchase the fame Iby a Notice in Writing to be given or left with the Clerk of the said Company within Fourteen Days after such Cfffer, at a Price to be adjusted and settled by a Jury to be summoned as in case of Purchases made by f he said Company as herein mentioned, mutalis mutandis, which Notice shall be deemed an actual Contract for purchase of the said Premises, 3s against the Party or Parties giving the fame at the Price which shall be adjusted and settled by such Jury; and in case such Person or Persons shall not agree to repurchase such aforesaid Interest therein, or frail not give such Notice of his, her or their Intention of purchasing the fame within Fourteen Days after such Offer of Sale, then and in every such case, an Affidavit being made and sworn before a Master ora Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His MajestyVjoffices of the Peace for the City or County where such Lands, Grounds, Erections, Buildings, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be situated, by feme competent Person or Persons Hating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so made: and that such Notice as aforesaid was given, fit alt in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to by the Person or Persons to

whom it was made (as the case may be), and that such Notice as aforesaid was not given; and that all Money which shall arise by any Sale or Sales, or Derhife or Demises which may be made by the said Company df Proprietors of such Premises, Estates and Intercffs as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers, Lessee or Lessees thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for ait}' Mil-application or Non-application of such Money.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who Would be entitle*! to heww^r f!he Mesne Profit? of the Tremifes, against the Person or Persons (n Possession, in case the fame liad not been hw, may recover conveyCd to or vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, shall be entitled to recover Interest chas^MoneyT"^ter ^ate Five P°un^s P'r Centum per Annum, on such Sum or Sums so paid by the said Company

of Proprietors, for the Purchase of such Premises, by Action of Debt or otherwise, against the Person or Persons who frail receive the same.

LXXXL. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Slims of Money which are to be paid to any Jodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, pcclefiastical or Civil, Feoffees in Tnift, Executors, Adhliiiistrators, Hi'foands, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, afthig as Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, /hid out ^or or on Behalf of any Lunatics, Idiots* Femes Covert or other Cc/luique Trusts; or to any Person or Per-tmeUfes. sons whose Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, are limited in Stfift or other Settlement; or to anj* Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase of or the Damages to-be done

11 to

Affidavit.

Persons entitled 10 Meine Tro-

Purchase Monies, and Compensations to Corporate Be-dirt, Sec. ' to the fameUfei

A.D. 1811.

5i' Georgii III.

Cclxvi. 573

to any such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers iti this Act contained, shall, in cate the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, be paid into the Bank of England, it! the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte, The Southwark Bridge Company, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied Under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufee, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame (h: dl be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Messuages, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken and used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect, and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or T*hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities: and in the mean time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Proceeds of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lew than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, iu case of Infancy or Lunacy, Trustee or Trustees, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signifiedin Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Case6 the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be paid, in such manner as the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons a&ingas such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively, and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall direct the same to be paid, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments to be purchased, taken or used by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them; or in case the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England\ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (describing them) subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancer}', on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall fecra meet, to order the tame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order io the Premises as to the said Court shall seem 51. Gfo. III. 4 E just

Application where Turchalc M ney ft left than 200L and above 20l.

Application

where Money is less that! 2Ci.

Kow Monies paid in case of Failure in making out Titles*

Where Quefliou ss to Title to Money, the Perfcm in Possession of l/ind5, £rc. deemed entitled thereto.

The Court may crier reasonable Expenses to be paid by Cotn-pany.

Tenant* at Will to deliver possession at Three Months Notice.

Mort zage: s to convey.

Fioviso.

C.clxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sum of Money, is or are hereby required to give a Rccept or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons at* shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

J-XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to he paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments to be pnrehafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, or that tome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made iiv pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, who shall from time to time pay such Sum and Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct and order.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Three Calendar Months, Notice to quit such Possession, from the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in possession shall, at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the time or times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon after as he, she or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons authorized by them to take possession thereof, such Authority being signified under the Hands of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Three or more of them; and in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, all reasonable Satisfaction being first made or tendered, it shall be lawful for the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, or any three or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs of London, or Sheriff of the County in which the Premises shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriffs or Sheriff are and is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Gifts as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, 011 the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money by the said C mpany of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Moitgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then and in such case, at the End of the said Six Months, on Payment of the Principal and Ini'rest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trull for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, then and in such case all Interest on every such Mortgage or Mortgages shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then and in such case the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such JPreiaife* so ascertained as aforesaid; Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall

8f neglect

A.D. 1811. 5i* GEORGII III. Gclxvi. 575

neglect or refuse to convey orassign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, into the Bank of Enghqndy at the End of Six Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use,

Tnift, Property, Claim and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons, in Trutt for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possw-flion of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall Company maynd may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turn- erect Gates and pikes, in, upon and across the said intended Bridge, or within Twenty Yards thereof, together with Toll furapikeaou Houses and proper and necessary Buildings, Conveniences and Fences, near to each Gate or Turnpike, acrof*e* the said intended Bridge, or the Street or Avenue immediately communicating therewith, and within Twenty Yards of the said Bridge; and that the respective Tolls following may be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, shall from time to time appoint at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, for each and every Time of passing over the said Bridge; that is to say,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, Calash and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Tolls.

Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage having Four or Three Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and 'Six Pence:

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling:

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles, drawn by less than Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, and more than One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum uot exceeding Nine Pence:

For every Chaise, Chair or other such Vessele drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four Pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Four Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, laden with Hay or Straw, having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, being horizontal on the Surface of the Tire, and rolling an even Surface, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or such other Four Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by Four and not more than Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Eight Pence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Four Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by Two or Three Hories, or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Six Pence 1

For every such Waggon, Wain, Dray, Car, Cart or other Four Wheeled Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by Ooe Horse or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four Pence:

For every Cart, Car or other Two Wheeled Carriage drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three Pence j

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding One Peuny Halfpenny:

For every Foot Passenger, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeding Eight Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hog*, Sheep or Lambs, a Sum not exceeding Four Pence per Score* and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XC. And be it further etiatted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power from time to Toll* may be time at any General or Special General Assembly to lower or reduce all or any of the said Tolls, but no Re- altered, duction of^ any such Tolls shall be made or take place unless a Majority of the Proprietors present at such General or Special General Assembly as hereinbefore directed shall assent thereto; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors in like manner again to raise the said Tolls to such Sum or Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed neccfliry for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

XCl. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons having Occasion to pass through any Earn»st*nny Turnpike or Toll Bar erected or to be erected where the Toll is or shall be taken by virtue of this present returnToll-ftoe. Act with any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, Oxen, Cows, Hogs, Sheep or any other Sort of Cattle, and who shall rcturfi the same Day through the fame Turnpike or Toil Bar before Twelve of the Clock at Night with the fame Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Landau, Calafti, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain,

Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare. Mule, Afs, Oxco, Cows, Hogs, Sheep or any other Sort of Cattle for which such Tolls have been paid, shall be liable or compelled to pay on his, her or their Return the said Tolls at such Turnpike or Toll Bar.

XCII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Toll whatsoever shall be demauded or General Exemp-taken for any Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in con- tioa* from Tolls veying, fetching or guarding Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster of Bridge. General, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back from conveying or guarding the fame, or for any Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for any 4E 2 Horse,

576

[Penalty.]

Turnpikes not to impede Passage of Streets.

To enforce Payment of Tolls.

DHputesrefpe£U ing T* lis and Charges how {Sealed.

Uonnterfeiting ToU Tickets.

[Penalty.]

Collectors of Tolls may give Evidence.

Toll Collectors to put \p their Nitncs.

C. clxvi. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Horse, Beast, Cattle or Carriages attending them with their Arms and Baggage, or returning after having been so employed, nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses*

or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commis-fariat or other publick Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Force, or foi* any Horse, Beast, Cattle or other Carriage, travelling with Vagrants, sent by legal PaiTes, or for any Volunteers upon their March, or upon Duty, or in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, or for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for or belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going*to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be drafted in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid, or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chair or other Carriage, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the City of l.ondon^ or County of Surrey, on the Day or Days of such EU&ion, or on the Day before or after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty* Shillings, to be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, shall not in any manner or by any means whatever obstruct or impede the free Passage and Transit to, from and through the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys or Passages, situate on the South Side of the said intended Bridge, or subject any Person or Persons, or any Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing* puffing and repafiing to, from or through the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys or Passage3 last aforesaid, to the before mentioned Tolls, or any of them.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, or any of them, to flop and prevent the Passage of any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, or of the Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing, for or in respect whereof the said Tolls ought to be paid; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to seize and detaiu the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, or such Horse, Beast, Cattle, Carriage or other Thing; and in case the said Tolls shall not be fully paid and fathftied, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges of making, detaining and keeping such Distress, within the Space of Fourteen Days, the said Collector or Collectors shall and may sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting such Costs and Charges of making, detaining, keeping and felling such Distress to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Costs and Charges of distraining, keeping or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person so distraining to detain the Distress or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or the Charges of distraining, keeping and felling the Distress, as the Case may ber* shall be ascertained by some Just ice of the Peace for the County, City or Place wherein such Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the said Matters upon the Oath or Oaths of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so» determined or assessed shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or shall deliver to or receive of any other Person or Persons any Note or Ticket which shall be given to any Person by the Collector of the said Tolls, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any or any Part of the said Tolls, or if any Person or Persons shall unload or cause to be unloaded any Goods or Merchandize upon the Bridge, then and in every such case every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding. Five Pounds, to be recovered in like manner as any other Penalties or Forfeitures can or may be recovered by virtue of this Act, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied; in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be applied.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit or Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, shall not be. disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit or Litigation, by reason of his, her or their being appointed to coiled such Tolls.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Gate Keeper, Toll Gatherer or Coile&or or Receiver of the Tolls on or near the said intended Bridge shall and he and they is and are hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted ou a Board in White Letters on a Black Ground, in fair legible Characters of such Size as the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company of Proprietors or any Three or more of them shall direct, in the Front of the Toll House where he or they shall be stationed to collect the said Tolls immediately on his coming on Duty, and shall continue the fame so placed during the whole time he shall be upon such-Duty; and if any Cplie&or or Receiver of the said Tolls shall not place such Board as aforesaid in the manner and during the time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater or less Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of the Powers of this Act, or shall refuse to permit or suffer, or shall in any wise .fonder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname, or shall refuse. to tell his Christian or Surname to any Person or Persons who shall demand the fame, upon having paid the.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. C.clxvi. '577-

said Tolls or any of them, or shall give a false Name or Names upon such Demand, then and in every such case every such Collector or Receiver shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Penalty, such Offence, and such Penalty shall be recovered and applied as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls that shall be collected and received under or by virtue of Application of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, in the First Place, in Toll*, and wh«r- paying the Expences for the time being of carrying this Act into Execution, and of keeping the said Bridge to cease* in proper Repair and Condition, and of lighting and watching the fame, and in the Payment of any yearly

Rents, Rates, Assessments or Contributions, which may be charged upon or reserved or made or become payable for or in respect of any of the Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased or taken under or for the Purposes of this Act; and in the next Place, iu paying to the Mortgagees and Annuitants under this Act, the Interest and Annuities to which they shall be respectively entitled in manner hereinbefore provided; and the Surplus thereof shall be divided amongst the said Proprietors in Proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares, in manner following; that is to say, the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive out of the Tolls hereinbefore allowed to be taken and received, Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the respective Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid from time to time upon their respective Shares-»r

for and towards the Execution otthe said Undertaking, which Interest shall commence and be computed from the time or respective times of Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, or of the Instalments thereof respectively, and from and after the time when the said Bridge shall be opened for the Passage of Horses and Carriages over and across the fame, the said Proprietors shall be entitled to and receive an Interest and Dividend upon their respective Shares out of the said Tolls, so as that such Proprietors do not receive more than Tea PoundsArr Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the Amount of such Shares, from the time of the Opening. of the said Bridge; and if, and when and as soon as such Surplus shall be more thair sufficient to pay such Teiv-Pound3 per Centum as last mentioned, then the Exeefs shall from time to time be laid out in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities 5 and the Income resulting therefrom shall be accumulated in the nature of Compound Interest, until such Excels and Accumulations shall be sufficient to'yield, by the Dividends thereof, Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum to the said Proprietors upon the Amount of their respective Shares; and when and as soon.as such Excels ami

Accumulations shall be sufficient for the Purpose last mentioned, the Stock arising therefrom, or the Produce of such Stock, shall be divided amongst the said Company of Proprietors in Proportion to the Amount of their respective Shares'; who shall thereupon cease to receive or be entitled to any further Proportion of the said Tolls, or any Payment in respect thereof; and the said Tolls shall be subject after the Payment of such Expences, Rents, Interest and Annuities as aforesaid, from thenceforth be laid out (a) and inverted in the Purchase of Three Pour.ds/>rr Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and accumulated in like manner as last hereinbefore

directed, until a Sum shall be raised sufficient for the paying off the then subsisting Mortgages under this Act, which Sum when raised shall be applied accordingly; and that after such Application as last mentioned, such Tolls, subject as aforesaid, shall be accumulated in manner hereinbefore mentioned, until a further Sum shall be raised sufficient by the Dividends or Interest thereof, to pay such yearly Rents as aforesaid, and the Annuities that may then be subsisting under this Act, and which shall be applied accordingly, and also to produce the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds; which said last mentioned annual Sum, as well as the Dividends or Interest of the Fund which shall be raised as last mentioned, for the Payment of the said Rents and Annuities, subject to the Payment thereof, shall be appropriated towards paying the Expences of repairing, lighting and watching the said Bridge, as and when there shall be Occasion; and when and as soon as the said last mentioned Sum shall be raised, the Tolls and Duties hereby authorized to be collected and taken, on and for the said Bridge, shall wholly cease. (a) [ The Reading is so in Original Act.-]

C. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall be at any time or time* Repair of Bridge-out of Repair, and the Tolls to be collected under or by virtue of this Act during the current Year shall be in rat*, 't oils insufficient to defray the Expences of such Repairs an i other Expences and annual Payments provided for and hituftuient. directed to be paid by this Act previously to a Division of such Tolls, or the Surplus thereof, amongst the said Proprietors, and also to pay to the said Proprietors the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of their respective Shares, and there shall be at such time or times a subsisting accumulated Fund from the Surplus of the said Toils theretofore collected; then and in each and every such case such accumulated Fund shall be applied in the first Place in defraying the Expences of such Repairs, in the next Place in paying the other Expences and annual Payments provided for and directed to be paid by this Act previously to a Division cf such Tolls, or the Surplus thereof, amongst the said Proprietors, and afterwards in paying or making good to the said Proprietors the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of their respective Shares; and in case such subsisting accumulated Fund shall be insufficient for the Purposes l ift hereinbefore mentioned, then the future Tells to be collected a u deceived under or by virtue of this Act shall be applied in making good such Deficiency before any further Accumulation of the Surplus of such future Toll* -shall be made.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors who (bailor Comp.myto may be Proprietors of Shares at the time when the said Tolls are hereinbefore directed to cease, shall be and coulee '1 rui-they are hereby constituted and appointed a Company, to continue and be Trustees of the said Bridge, and tr-» of brulge. have a Committee or Court of Direction continued and regulated as beforedirested, and subject to all other Regulations, Rules, Orders and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures hereinbefore provided in respect of the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, and the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority to do and perform all.Matters and Things which to them shall seem meet and necessary

in. v

Company spay be indicLd for Failure ot Re* pair.

Penalty

Fixing Lamps.

Wilfully da-magic^Lamp*.

penalty.

in and about the maintaining, Repairing and supporting of the said Bridge, and the several Lamps, Watch Boxes and other Works, Matters and Things to be maintained, repaired and supported by virtue of this Act, in such manner as to them the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall seem meet; and such Company or their Successors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall have rower and Authority, by an Order or Draft under the Common Seal of the said Company, or under the Hands of at lead Three of the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, which Seal or Signatures shall be attested by the Clerk to the said Company for the time being, to difburle the Interest or Dividends of the Money hereinbefore directed to be raised and applied for that Purpose, as may be required, and to apply the fame in and about such Repairs, Paving, Watching, Lighting, or any other Matters or Things relating or appertaining to the said Bridge, Lamps, Watch Boxes and other Matters and Things to be maintained, repaired and supported by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; and when all such Expences, Costs and Charges of repairing, paving, watching or lighting the said Bridge, or of any other Matters or Things relating or appertaining thereto, shall be fully paid and satisfied out of the Interest or Dividends aforesaid, the said Company may, and they are hereby empowered to make and declare a Dividend of the Overplus or Interest of such Interest Money as aforesaid, among the said Company or their Successors, according to the Shares they may respectively be entitled to.

Cl I. And be it further enacted, That if the said Bridge or the said Lamps, Watch Boxes, or other Works to be maintained and repaired by virtue of this A£, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall become and be out of Repair, or if the said Bridge, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not continue to be watched or lighted in manner hereinbefore directed, then the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith cause the said Bridge, Lamps, Watch Boxes, and other Works to be repaired, -or the find Bridge to be watched or lighted as hereinbefore dhected; and in case the said Company, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, shall fail within One Week after Notice to their Clerk to that Effect, to commence such Repairs, or to cause the said Bridge to be watched or lighted as hereinbefore directed, then it shall he lawful to or for any Person or Persons to prefer or prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment against the said Company for such Failure, and if the said Company shall be found Guilty upon the Trial of such Bill or Bills of Indictment, they the said Company shall forfeit and lose to the Person or Persons who shall have preferred and prosecuted such Bill or Bills of Indictment, the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Failure, and shall be subject and liable to commence such Repaira as aforesaid, and to cause the said Bridge to be watched and lighted as hereinbefore is directed, within Twenty one Days after such Verdict or Verdicts on such Bill or Bills of Indictment, and in case of Failure in the Whole or in any Part thereof, the said Company shall again become subject and liable to such Bill or Bills of ludi&ment, and so toties quoiies until the said Repairs on the said Bridge shall be completed, or the Pavement thereof shall be repaired and rehid, or the same shall be watched and lighted as hereinbefore directed.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time, to cause such and lb many Lamp Irons or Lamp Posts to be put up or affixed in, upon or along the Sides of the said Bridge, and upon any Wall or Palisade, adjoining to and connected with the said Bridge, as they shall thinly proper 5 and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts, to be provided and affixed, to put upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Posts as they shall think necessary for lighting of the said Bridge, and every or any Part thereof.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage or destroy any of the said Lamps which shall be so erected or continued by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or take away, or throw any of the Oil from or out of the said Lamps, or extinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City or County in which the Offence shall be committed, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Oath made of the Commission of any such Offence, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Party or Parties accused; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, as also for any other Person or Persons to affiit in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this ACT and without any other Warrant to convey him, her or them, or to deliver him, her or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to be dealt with as herein after is directed, and the Party or Parties accused being brought before any such Justice, or Oath being made before him that such Party or Parties cannot be found and apprehended, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appevr or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confeffioi, or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, fne or they so convicted shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for each Lamp, Furniture and Oil so broken, damaged, destroyed, taken awAy, thrown out or extinguished as aforesaid, and for the Second Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and for the Third 3r.d every other subsequent Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and full Satisfaction shall be made to the fakl Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or to their Surveyor, by such Offender or Offenders for the Damage so by him/her or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture by him, her or them incurred, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be cohvicted, is hereby required to commit him, her or them to the House of Correction for the respective City or County where the Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Six Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be

579

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. Cclxvi.

discharged before the Expiration of the time for which he, she or they shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given; and if any Person shall negligently or accidently break, thr >w down or otherwise damage, destroy, take away or waste any of the said Lamps or Oil, or any of the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, or to their Surveyor for the Damage by such Person so done, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to be made by the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction, or any Three or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, to summon the Party complained of, and upon his or her Appearance, or making Default to appear (Oath being made that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the fame was left at his, her or their Dwelling House or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or flic could not* be found), such Justice shall proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Satisfaction to be made by the Party complained of, and for the Damage so by him or her done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reasonable, and shall cause the Sum so awarded, in case the same shall not be paid forthwith upon the making of such Award, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering to him or her the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, such Justice shall commit the Party complained of to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or County where the Offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until he or she shall pay the Sum so awarded, together with Costs and Charges as aforesaid.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court Gum ding and of Direction, are hereby empowered from time to time, if they fee Occasion, to appoint such Number of fit watching Bridge, and able bodied Men, as they shall think proper, to be armed and clothed in such manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee or Court of Direction shall direct, to be employed as Watchmen, Guards or Patrolcs, either on Foot or on Horseback, upon the said Bridge, and to appoint any Person or Persons to be Superintendant or Superintendants thereof, and from time to time to remove any of the said; Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards or Patroles, and to appoint others in their Room, and from time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the better governing the Superintendants, Watchment Guards or Patroles, and for the watching and guarding the said Bridge, and keeping the Peace thereon, and on every of them, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper.

CVl. And be it further enacted, Th^t the Superintendants, Watchmen, Guards and Patroles, shall use Duty of Patrole their bed Endeavours to prevent Fires, Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, Didurbances, Breaches of the Peace, and Watchmen* and all Outrages, Misdemeanors and Disorders on the said Bridge, and to that End are hereby jointly and severally empowered and required, without further Warrant, to arrert, apprehend and demin in the Watch House of the Parish or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, or in any other Watch House or convenient Place, / whether provided or appointed by the said Company or otherwise), all Malefactors, Rogues,

Vagabonds and other disorderly and iufpicaoiis Persons, who shall be found committing any Disorder or Offence, or loitering, wandering or misbehaving themselves, or whom the said Superintendants, Watchmen,

Guards or Patroles, shall have just cause or reason to suspect of any evil Design, and the Person or Persons so apprehended, to convey as soon as conveniently may be before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the City or County wherein such Arred, Apprehension or Detention shall take place* to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

CVII. And, in order to remove all Doubts where and before whom Offences committed cn the said Bridge shall and may be cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders in such cases may be punished, be it further enacted, That the Half of the said Bridge, when built, next adjoining to the City of London, shall be Bridge deemed' deemed to be in the said City and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Martin Vintry, and the other Half of to he in Ixmdoir the said Bridge in the County of Surrey shall be deemed to be in the said County of Surrey, and Part of and ind Surrey-in the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark; but such Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, so as to subject the said City of London or County of Surrey, or any of the Parishes or Places hereinbefore mentioned, or either of them, to the repairing or supporting of the same.

CVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Alteration shall be made in any of the Pave* Provisofor men is, Sewers or Drains in the City of London under or by virtue of this Act, without the Consent and Ap- Rights of Com. probation of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, and that all such Alterations shall be exe mi: lionen of cuted under the Direction of the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for the time being; and that nothing in ^ers in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the City London aforesaid; DUt that all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be and remain as good, valid and dfedlual in all respects as if this Act had not been made.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to gire to proviso for Act % or invert the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, with any Right, rower for Pavement of or Authority which may at all interfere with the Rights, Powers, Authorities or Pioviflons henetofore granted Southwark, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, /In Act for paving the Streets 6 G. 3 c. 24. and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and f or cleansing, lighting and watching she fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys and Passages adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His zt G. 3. c. 17-present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explain and amend so much of an? Ad of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty,

}5 %

36 G. 3. c. iio.

36 G. 3. c. 131.

38 G. 3* c. 68.

44 0- 3-, c. lxixvi.

47 G. 3. Sofl*. a., c. cxv.

42G. 3. CfUxvi.

Coin pen fat ioti toCommilTloners of Borough and ^Clink Pavements fr Rates.

pw'iCj.

C.clxvi.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Majesty, for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey', as relate to the Commissioners of Sewers; and fur regulating the Manner of taxing Churches and other public Buildings within the Limits of the said Act; and also by another Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Sin Sift for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present and preventing of future Incroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for laying out Two new Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discontinuing the Passage through Globe Alley; and for Jhutting up, in the Night time, the Way leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side; or by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey; and for watching and lighting the said Roads; and also by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys and Passages adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein; to open, widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes and Passages within the East Division in the said Act described; and also by another Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and amending an Act pajfccl in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the fame, and also the Courts, l'ards, Alleys and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, so far as the fame relates to the West Division thereof, as therein mentioned; and by another Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the fame Roads; and also of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the A3 passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of SulTex, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in the several Commissioners for carrying the said several Acts respectively into Execution, shall be as good* valid and effectual as if this Act had not been made, save and except as in and by this Act is herein particularly otherwise declared and enacted.

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and directed, by and out of the Monies to arise and be received under and by virtue of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the respective Commissioners appointed for carrying into Execution the before mentioned and recited Acts of Parliament of the Sixth, Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and their Successors* Commissioners for the time being, or any Five or more of them, or to their respective Collectors or Receivers duly appointed under and by virtue of the said several Acts or any or either of them, fuel) annual Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been actually paid to the said respective Commissioners, or their Collectors or Receivers as aforesaid, in purfuar.ee of the said several Acts, or any or either of them, by and from the Owners and Occupiers of such Houses as are situate within the aforesaid Divisions, or either of them (and which shall be pulled down by or under the Authorities or for the Purposes of this Act), for and towards the Rates or Assessments made in pursuance of the said several Acts of the Sixth, Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Forty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or any or either of them, within the Year preceding the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, after deducting the Expences payable thereout, for and in respect of the paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Streets, Lanes or Passages, or Part of Streets, Lanes and Passages, to be included in the said new intended Street, as an Equivalent for the Loss the said respective Commissioners may fullain by the Nonpayment of the said Rates or Assessments from the said Owners and Occupiers of the said House or Houses within the aforesaid Divisions, or either of them, so pulled down as aforesaid; and they the said respective Commissioners and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, or the said respective Collectors or Receivers may, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, from time to time, as often as the said Rates or Assessments shall be mad, and allowed, conformable to the Directions of the said several Acts, or any or either of them, to demand, recover and receive the same, of and from the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, as an Equivalent and in lieu of such Rates or Assessments payable as aforesaid: Provided also, that when and so soon as a sufficient Number of Houses shall be erected and built 6n the Sides of the said intended Street from Horse Shoe Alley to Blackman Street aforesaid, and shall be rated by virtue of the said several recited Acts, or any or either of them, and the Rates thereof shall amount to as much Money as the Houses before mentioned were rated at, at the time of their being pulled down as aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth the Equivalent above mentioned and directed to b* paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, to the said respective Commissioners and their Successors, or to

71* their

A.D. 181 i.

51° GEORGII III.

C.clxvi 581

their respective Co lie ft ora or Receivers n$ aforesaid, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that when and so Toon as any House or Houses shall be built, and the Rates thereon not sufficient to answer the said Equivalent, that then the said respective Commissioners and their Successors as aforesaid, and also their laid respective Collectors or Receivers, shall allow and give Credit to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, for so much Money as shall be received in respect of the said several Rates or Assessments, from the Owners and Occupiec&*of such House or Houses, in Discharge of the said Equivalents, as far as the fame will extend, they the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, paying and being liable to pay the Remainder of the said Equivalent s Provided also, that the said Deductions shall only be made from the said Equivalents, until the said new intended Street shall be repaired and maintained by the said respective Commissioners; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall anse with respect to the Amount of the Equivalents to be paid as aforesaid by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, or their Treasurer or Treasurers foi^ the time being, the lame shall be adjusted and settled by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Sumy, whole Adjustment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties concerned.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or Three or more of them, shall lbe, and are hereby empowered and required, before the said Bridge shall be completely finiftied and made paffitble, to settle, assess and determine the Recompence fit and proper to be made to the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, for and in respect of the Sunday Ferries, from the Three Cranes in the City of London to the opposite Shore, and the Stairs and Places adjacent thereto; and in case such Recompence cannot be settled by Agreement between the said Company of Proprietors and1 the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, then the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and are hereby empowered and required, within the Space of Two Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day the said Bridge shall be completely finished and made pafTable, to proceed to assess the fame by a Jury or Juries of the City of London, by the fame Methods and in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed in the case of assessing Damages of Houses or Ground directed to be purchfrfed by this presentAft, and the Verdict of such Jury thereupon shall be binding to all Parties 5 and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and required to cause the Sum of Money so to be settled and determined by the said Company of Proprietors, or given by the Verdicts of the said Jury, as the case may be, to be made and paid out of the Monies intended to be raised for the Purposes of this present Act, to the Rulers, Auditors and Assistants of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, or such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, within One Calendar Month after such Verdict or Judgment shall be obtained; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid, shall be laid out in the Public Funds, by the Rulers, Auditors and Assistants of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, or distributed among the said Watermen, and the Interest and yearly Produce thereof shall be applied by the said Rulers, Auditors and Assistants of the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen and Lightermen, after the Remuneration to be made to the-Watermen suffering or sustaining a Loss by the building the said Bridge, as the Money arifoig from such Ferries hath hitherto been applied.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down or destroy any of the Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person (hdl be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishments and Penalties as in cases.of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Petit Larceny.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors appointbd or to be appointed by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee or Court of Direction, and such Persons as he or they shall respectively appoint, from time to time, to remove all Obstructions, Annoyances and Encroachments on the said Bridge, or on or by the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Bridge, or the Avenues immediately leading thereto, by any Erections whatsoever, within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by Timber, Stone or Carriages, or by any Water Troughs, Tubs or other Things for watering Horses or Cattle, or for any other Purpose, or by Saw Pits, Hovels, Allies, Rubbish, Stone, or otherwise by laying or placing Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or other Matters or Things in or upon the said Bridge, or in Front of any House within Fifty Feet of the said Bridge, or by any other ways or means whatsoever, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks or Drains running along into the River Thames out of any Street which shall interim with the said Bridge, and be necessary to be removed for the Construction, Preservation and Safety thereof, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks or Drains running along into the said River Thames, or out of any Street, to the Prejudice and Hurt of the said Bridge, and to open, scour, cleanfc, widen or make deeper any Watercourses adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and large as they shall think: necessary.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Bridge shall be erected, throw, call ot lay any Dull, Dirt, Ashes, Rubbish, Dung or other Filth or Annoyance in or upon the said Bridge, every such Person and Persons being convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay any. Sum not exceeding Two Pounds for every such Offence, over ana above the Charges of removing such Filth, or Annoyance, which the said Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby authorized to remove; and all the 51 <£*0, III. 4 F said

Compensation te Watermen.

Destroying

Works.

Punishment.

Removing An* noy sneer.

Throwing; Rubbish ou Bndge.

[Penalty.]

Distrck.

Yr viio.

OxawinjT iirber.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Rights ot Mayort>d Corporation t; f Louden.

Rights of Corrt' iniflioners of Se'.vers for Surrey and Kent-

Pen ikies how recovered and

applied*

Informer Part of Penalties.

Compelling Wk

IK lies to attend.

penalty.

C.clxvi. 5i0. GEORGII III. A.1>.1811.

said Forfeitures, as well as the Clvarges of removing such Annoyances, which Charges the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized to settle and ascertain, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Alderman of the said City, or of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, who is and are hereby authorized and required to grant the fame, directed to the Constable or Peace Officer for the same Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus upon Demand (if any) after all Charges phid to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be distrained and fold, and in Default of such Distress or Nonpayment of the said Penalty, the Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Common Gaol by the said Lord Mayor or Alderman, or any such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months: Provided nevertheless, that all and every Person and Persons so committed shall, upon Payment of such Forfeitures and Charges, be immediately leleased from his, her or their Confinefnent;

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall draw or cause to be draw n upon the said Bridge anjr Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage tc trail upon any Part of the said Bridge to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he cortftrued to extend to take away, prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Suc-cfeffor6, Or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction which at the time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the time being, as Conservator of the said River Thames or otherwise, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise, other than and except to remove any Shelves, Gravel, Sand, Mud or other Obstructions, or to embank, deepen or widen the said River as aforesaid, in erecting the said Bridge, and making the Landing Places adjoining thereto, and for facilitating the Access or Acceffes to the said Bridge, and to do ants effect; every other Matter or Thing which shall or may be necessary to be done and effected for the erecting, maintaining and supporting the said Bridge and Landing Places.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be'deemed or construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldjey, in the County of Surrey, to Ravenjbourne, in the County of Kent, but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid and effectual, as if this Act had not been made.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to-be imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for such Purpose, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale a.e recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall be from time to time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurera of the said Company, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not bo found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of such County, City or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for anytime not exceeding Six Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from time to time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons (not being a Witness or Witnesses) aiding or affiftingin the Apprehension of any Offender or Offenders therein, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who ftnll be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to attend and give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fadfc contained m any Information or Complaint for any Offence agaiiul this Adfc, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the* Person or Persons accused, shall, on being paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his or her Loss of time, Costs, Charges and Expences, refuse or neglect to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her or their Refusal or Neglect, or, appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (or in case of a Quaker or Quakers on solemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, then and in every such case every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

It CXXI. And

A.D. 181 i. 51° GEORGII III. C. clxvl

CXXL. And whereas Persons guilty of Offerees against this Act may be transieut Person* unknown to the GoUeftors, Surveyors and other Persont under this Act, be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be layrful to and for the said CoBeftora, Surveyors or other Officers respectively to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against; this Act, and to convey him or them before any One or more of the Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

CXXII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conyidbon of Offenders against this Act, be it further coasted. That all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before wltom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Codviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or so any other Form of Words to the ferae Effect, as theoSfe shall happen; that, is to say,

DE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C. D.

[or before us C.D. and £. J?\]

One [or Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Comity of

[_fP*ctfjtng

Offence'*dTtme and Place when and where foe fame was committed, as foe case shall be, -\ Given under

my Hand and Seal, [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above mentioned.'

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distrest shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the be considereda Trespasser or Tnefpafiers on account of fcny Deleft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Appointment of the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or in -any other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the said Party or Parties distraining, be deemed or considered a IVefpasser or Trespasser ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards happen to be done by the Party or Parties so distraining in making such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, ffrati and may tvcovut faH Satisfaction for the special Damage which lie, she or they shall have sustained thereby, with usual Costs, and no more, in an Action of ^refaafe, oron the Case, at the Eteftienoftfoe Person or Persons so aggrieved.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their lull or usual Place Or Places of Abode Thirty Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action $ nor shall the Plaintiff or iPlaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of good tnd suffictentAmenck shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought 5 nor if such Tender of Amends shall be madeat any time after the said Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the time of such la ft anetitionad Tender, but on Proof of such Tender on any Trial to be bad in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall fuffet Judgment, as in Cases of Nonsuit, with Treble Costs, to be recovered in the feme manner as arty Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any another case by Law; or in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court wlwre such Action shall depend, at any time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think ftt; whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in, and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves Aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-Law or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee or Court of Direction, or by any Order, Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such case such Person or Persons may, within Silt Months next after such Order, Judgment or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, City or Place in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, (first giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; ) and the said Justices shall, in a summary way, either hear and-determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Sdffons, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to The holden for such County, City or Place, and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeitdtx: or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall nave been levied in pursuance of such Rule. Bye-Law, Order, Judgment or Determination, and may aKo order and award such further Satisfeftion to be nude to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable.

CXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, formry thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought and tried in the City of London, or Counties of Middlefe* or Surrey, (as the case may be) and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants iti every such Action or Suit, may, at his, her or their Election, plead Specially, or the General IfToe, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to.be had thereupon, and that the feme was done in-purfdanee and Under the, Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Thirty Days

4 F 2 Notice

5*3

Transient Offenders secured.

Cooviction flf Offender*.

Form of Coin, v&ioa.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, after Tender of Amends.

Appeal.

Not ice. Recognisance.

1.imitation of Actions.

General ir»t-

584

[Public Act.]

Treble Coil*.

C.clxvu ji° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made and tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other City or County than the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, then and in every such case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and mall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her or their Colls in any other cases by Law.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Ju ft ices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE, No. 1.

LIST of Owners and Occupiers on the North Side of the Bridge.

OCCUPIERS.

William Backhouse, Afkewl Hillcourt and John Back- > house - - J

John Man

William Backhouse, Askew) Hillcourt and John Back- > house - J

Messrs. Thomas Hodgson Brothers and Co.

A Passage in Common John Man

Thomas Atkin

r,

William Backhouse, Askew*) Hillcourt and John Back house The fame

j

DESCRIPTION.

Three Crane Wharf with the Crane*) Houses, &c. &c. - J

Dwelling House and Counting House) on the Ground Floor - J

Under Lease from Backhouse and Co.

Warehouse Ground Floor only

House and Passage, Ground Floor

Under Lease from Backhouse and Co.

Brick Warehouses - - "1

Under Lease from Backhouse and > Co.'- - j

White Horse Alehouse on the East Side of Queen Street

Under Lease from Backhouse and Co.

Brick Warehouse

Brick Warehouse

Christopher Magnay and Wil-] liam Pickering - J

Passages in Common William Jones and Thomas] Jonep

Benjamin Severn and Fred-] crick Benjamin King - J The fame The fame

Richard and Benjamin Tucker Joseph Dempsey John Thomas Skerrow Vintners Company

...j

- Adams

Priest Shrubb -

QUEEN STREET, East Side. Stack of Brick Warehouses

Two Houses, No. 56 and 57.

House, No. 58.

Brick Warehouses House, No. 59.

House Corner of Thames Street House South Side Thames Street House South Side Thames Street Part of Vintners Hall Offices

QUEEN STREET, West Side. House, No. 41, Queen Street Old House, No. 42. Do.

OWNERS.

*'*11' *, ..k - I

Merchant Taylors Company. Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same. Vintners Company. Same.

Same.

Same.

A.D. 1811; 51° GEORGII III. CdivL 585

Schedule, No. I. — continued.

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS.

Samuel Pearson Old House, No. 43. Queen Street O Part of Ground Floor occupied by > Vintners Company - J Vintners Company.

Phillip Hurd Do. No 44. - - Same.

John London Do. No. 45. - Same.

Same Do. No. 46. - - Same.

Empty Do. No. 47. - - Same.

Empty Do. 49. ... Same.

Empty Do. ... Same.

Empty Do. ...*Same.

Brown Young Brick Warehouses Same.

Jonathan Sills, Sons and Co. House ... Same.

Same Warehouse - Same.

Same House Same.

Same Warehouse - Same.

Same Hambro* Wharf, Crane Houses and Sheds Same.

Same Old Warehouses Same.

mm m»Scite of Church Lane Passage Merchant Taylors Company.

MefTrs. Nash and Nash Brick Warehouses Same.

William and Thomas Jones Brick Warehouses Same.

The fame Ditto Same.

John Man Warehouse - Same.

The lame*... - Same.

SCHEDULE, No. 2.

LIST of Owners and Occupiers on the South Side of the Bridge.

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS.

BANKSIDE. n I

Matthew Sowden House, No. 20. and Stone Yard St. Saviour's Grammar School.

Thomas Collyer The Rofc and Bell Alehouse, Shed and Yard - j Same.

MefTrs. Bowring and Rivington Stack of Warehouses, No. 18. - Joseph Burnett.

Thomas Collins House, No. 17..Anthony Horne.

William and John Sutton House, Yard, and Warehouse, No. 16. Henry Westfield Bishop.

John Hamer House, No. 15. Sheds, Warehouses ] 1 Same.

and Yard - J i

Thomas Job Mowbray House, No. 14. Kitchen and Yard Same.

John and Mead Raymond Brick Warehouse, No. 13. and Timber! Warehouse - j Colonel Hammond.

HORSE SHOE ALLEY.

William Child and Sons Part of the Dyehouse on the West Side, "

Engine House and Yard, and Part of the Scite of Horse Shoe Alley, and Lean-too Warehouse on West Side of William Child and Sons, and Cordwainers Company.

Horse Shoe Alley

MefTrs. Birkett and Co. Wood Yard, small House and Shed Cordwainer9 Company. Cordwainers Company.

Elizabeth Cooper Windmill Alehouse, Yard and Shed

Scite of Horse Shoe Alley

MAID LANE.

William Ilett House, No. 9. Yard and Workshop

Richard Vickers House, No. 10, Yard and Shed - ( Thomas Powell, a Minor. C John Hamer, Executor.

586 Cclxvi.

51° GEORGII III.

Schedule, No. 2. — continued.

A.D. 1811.

OCCUPIERS.

Edward Churcher George Windsor

Hugh Steven

John Bratt Jane Pugh

John Byford William Simmons Abraham Norman John Churcher John Evans John Jones John Callan Julia Butcher Martha Barker John Such Benjamin Elmes Abel Jones Ellen Davis

John Scott

Joseph Hallam John Bird John Griffiths George Bell

Robert Drury, John Chan ning and James Scott

William Child and Sons

David Henderson Sarah Brown and others John Jones Empty

John Macdonald John Lambert Samuel Bridges Timothy Raerdon ! Joseph Horton I William Knowles

Patrick Mahony Empty Richard Shields

Robert Potkin Robert Bayley Empty John Butler John Davis

DESCRIPTION.

House, No. 11. Yard and Shed, and)Warehouse in Smith's Rents - \ The Two Brewers Alehouse, Sheds )

and Passage

SMITH'S RENTS. House, No. 14. Passage and Privy

and Shed

OWNERS*

House, No. 15 House, No. 16.

Scite of Yard and Privies in common House, No. 17.

House, No. 18.

House, No. 19.

Yard inclosed with Walls House, No. 13. Yard and Washhouse House, No. 12. Shed and Yard - Some.

House, No. 11. Shed and Yard - Same.

House, No. 10. Shed and Yard - Same.

House, No. X). Shed and Yard - Same

House, No. S. Shed and Yard - Same.

House, No. 7. Shed and Yard - Same.

House, No 6. Shed and Yard House, No. 5. Shed and Yard

BANKSIDE continued.

House, No. 21, Warehouses, several Sheds and Yard* f

SMITH'S RENTS continued.

House, No. 4. fend Yard House, No.3. and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 1. and Yard

MAID LANE continued.

Dwelling House, Storehouses, Stables,

Store Cellars, Cooperage, Vat Houses,

Shops and Yards J

Stable, Loft, Chaise House and Yard -

bs8(

Thomas Mann, of Poplar.

- Powell.

ry Stevens, Life Estate, then Thomas Mann.

j--Lorimer, of City of

\ Edinburgh.

Same.

Same. Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Peter Broadley Esq. and others.

: xroit i

Tanner of Dockhead

Same.

f Part Freehold of John Scott, Part on Lease to John Scott for 999 Years at a Pepper-other Part the Pa-of Bread Street. Burnett.

Same.

Same.

Anthony Home.

1

corn, b rifli of Joseph Bur

FOUNTAIN ALLEY.

Cordwainers Company.

u

tbl

rn o'l vuifc H

House, No. 1. and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard House, No 4. and Yard House, No. 5. and Yard House, No. 6. and Yard House, No. 7. and Yard House, No 8. and Yard House, No. 9. and Yard House, No. 10. and Yard

CASTLE LANE. House, No. 16. and Yard House, No. 17.

House, No. 18. and Shed

GRUBB'S YARD. House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 2. and Yard Ruinous House and Yard House and Yard House and Yard

flC/C

b

- Thornton of Oxford Street. Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

Same.

j> Bishop of Winchester.

C. clxvi.

58 7

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III.

Scheduk. No. z. — ctmtuuud.

OCCUPtERS. DESCRIPTION. OWNERS.

Elizabeth Coyne House, Yard and Shed 'j

Robert Drury, John Chan- ning and James Scott - J John Shears Yard only House, Yard and Sheds

Edward Greeley Shed -

'John Jones House -

Ann Parish House and Shed

Elizabeth Walters House and Shed - Scite of the Yard in Common.

CASTLE LANE continued.

Richard Brown House, Shed and Yard -

Elizabeth Airs House, Shed and Yard -

MORRIS'S WALK.

Richard Hardon House* '

Samuel Mitchell House and Yard

William Bannister House, Yaiil and Shed

William Wyatt House, Yard and Shed -

Joen Peck House, Yard and Shed -

John Hufon House, Yard and Shed

Mary Slote - House and Yard

Evan Llovd House and Yard -

Thomas Tfhomas .House, Shed and Yard

Cornelius Miney Vacant Ground House and Yard -

Thomas Marys House, Shed and Yard Scite of Ground, Morris's Walk

CA STLE LANE continued.

George Page - House, No. 21.

Samuel and ffaac Day Three Dwelling Houses, Stables, "! Smith's Shop, Wheeler's Shop > Bishop of Winchester.

Wood House and Yatdr - J

Robert Gill House, No. 26. Shed and Yard

"John Ward House* No ay* Shed and Yard

John Goddard House, No. 28c

Richard Oats House, and Shed

Thomas Cliff ^House, and Yard

NEW COURT.

Matj Ding and others William Mason House - House, No. 7. and' Yard

Robert Bennifon David Mahony House, No. 6. and Yard House, No. 5. and Yard -

Scite of Yard and Court in common

Evan Jones House, No. 4. and Yard

John Twifleton House, No. 3; and Yatd

Mark Hewett. House, Noi 2. and Yard -;

David Evans House, No. 1. and Yard -

CASTLE LANE continued.

'Sarah Vickery House, No. 32. and Shed

: Empty House, No. 33. and Sheds

tThomas Cliff House, No. 34. Shed and Yard

Corfon - Mary Thomas and others House, No. 35. - House, No. 36.

IN THE COURT.

Thomas Cliff Ann Cooper and others y House - House -

[The Court Yard and Shed

i 1*CASTLE, LANE continued. 1

David Davies - \ House, No. 38. - -1

- Carney and others House -

C. clxvi.

OCCUPIERS.

Elizabeth Collins

Ann Ashford

Thomas Adams

John Pearson

Samuel Hutchins

Robert and Arthur Pott, Esqrt.

Empty Richard Hughes

Samuel Linton

Goddard. Let to Inmates

Richard Fairclough

John Nash 9

C ha lies Mountain m

John Klyne

George Weedon

Peter Thome

Samuel Abbott -

Robert Ramsay

William Dixon -

George Acton -

Elizabeth Clarke -

Robert Ayres

William Cowell

Samuel Tilley

Philip Bishop -

John Tree

Benjamin Weuman -

John Gray

William Clark

William Hawkins

Thomas Norris -

Henry James

William Cropman

Thomas Davidfen

Smith and Inmates

Frederick Morley -

Smith and Inmates m

Same

Same

Same

DESCRIPTION.

COLEMAN'S COURT. House, No. i.

House, No. 2.

House, No. 3.

Scite of Court and Privies.

CASTLE STREET.

House, No. 38. Shed and Yard House, No. 36. Shed and Yard

ORTON'S BUILDINGS. Stables and Coach House House, No. 2. and Yard House, No. 3. and Yard House, No. 4. Passage, Yard and Shed House, No. 5. Yard and Shed

AMERICA PLACE.

Part of a Pavior's Yard House, No. 12. and Shed House, No. 13. Yard and Shed House, No. 14. Yard and Shed

AMERICA STREET.

House, No. 15. and Yard House, Yard and Shed House, Yard and Shed

AMERICA PLACE continued. House, No. 14. Yard and Shed House, No. 15. Yard and Shed

QUEEN STREET, North Side. House, No. 23. Workshops, Yard and7 Shed - - J

House, No. 32. and Yard House, No. 24.

BROWN BEAR COURT. House, No. 1.

House, Yard and Shed House

Scite of Brown Bear Court

QUEEN STREET continued. House, No. 25. Shop, Shed and Yard House, No. 26.

QUEEN STREET, South Side. House, No. 82.

Brown Bear Alehouse, Sheds and Yard House, No. 84. Sheds and Yard House, No. 85. Workshops, Yard and7 Garden. f

House, No. 86. Smith's Shop and Yard Part of Yard in rear of House, No. 87. Stable, Shed and Yard

WHITE CROSS STREET, South Side.

House, No. 9. and Yard Paul's Head Alehouse, Yard and Skit-7 tie Shed - - J

House and Yard

House, No 12. and Yard

House, No 13. and Yard House and Yard

A.D. 1811.

OWNERS.

i

Bishop of Winchester.

A.£Kir8n.

51° GEORGII III.

Schedule, Ne^ % . — continued.

C, dbrvd

occupiers.

Same

William Sanders and Inmates. John Nanfcu

Robert Wane

George and Thomas Sadler

Benjamin Gilpin James Wagftaff Owen Mac Carty Richard Clark

Margaret Ritchie Ann Jackson

Simon Hah*

William Halliwell Empty

Charles Orley Richard Coling Ditto

Ditto

Thomas Cooke Ditto

William Lovegrove Thomas Cooke James Peters Empty

Thomas Cooke

James Jones Samuel Makepeace Samuef Lazarus Edward Heaven Thomas Cooke Ralph Woollett William Blunt

WooUfciMh' "Robert Wear Ralph Woollet

Richard Prior KVIffizrm; W il Ham s ^rnmatcs William Linton-

Thomas Price

DE>CHlPTION.

OWNERS,

House, No, 17. Yard-and Passage Houser No. 18. and Yard Part of LayftaU and Yard

QUEEN STREET, NortA Side. House* No. 2 1. SJbed and Yard

AMERICA PLACE. I

Htitife, Gateway* Oil and MuA&rd'j I Mills, Counting Ho life. Shed V and m Yard -'« J

Black frill Alehouse, Shedantp Yard House, No. 4. Shed and Yard

-'House, No. 5. Yard and Workshops

- House, No. 6. Sheds, Yard and Gar-7

I den, ifnd Part of Carmans Yard - j

-1 Hwfty Nol 11. Yard atrd* SHad

-. Hunkv Now Mb and Yaod

ORTON S BUILDINGS*.

- House, No. 6.

- j House, No. 7.

-; HouLvNo.&

Hordbi. No. 9.

House, Building and Uncovered'Ground' Ditto -

Ditto

CASTLE STREET.

WHITE CftGTS«< STREET. Coaobi Hduie and S&bfe, No. 3.

- Ditto NVv 4

Three Warehouseraad Ifcuft o# YaKi Tvvcv Timber Stabler;

[Cart Shed, Warehouse atdTvsto Rooms Large Range !of Timber: Wfcrftkoufe*

T1 m ber» W^rftUpgf*,

RE1> CROSS STREET. Houfu, No. 4t. and-YtovdP House, $0*4*. Siedtt^ndlYarVp House, No. 4f.and Shed*

Hrrufb, No. 44. and" Shed'

Part of open Yard Brick Shop

Part of House and Erprrt Shop ftirr-of the puke'fcHead A4§toufe> Hocrfc, No. 4y* -

Houfs avfck Yjhx), and Wbrfcfltopfr*- in" Falcon Court

LITTLE. PALCON COURT.

House, N<*. jv and Y«*d House, No, 4* Y«wd - V-

pWt of Yard of'*?*

Back Sheds of No. 6.

RED CROSS, STREET continued. House, Workshops, Shed and

£ &RJNCE18 GDUfctfV T»Nd>*r Hwtfc ami >SHedr The Scite of Passage and Yard

Bishop of Wincheflsr.

Unknown.

Unknown.

Colonel Jkdlqpk.

- BiUtop of1 Windieffer1

- Mrs. Jones,

Residence unknown.

ji Bilhoa of-

jCokM^ BWtofefr

Geo III.

G

5

A.D. 188n

590 C.okKvi — clxix.

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION.

John Sandert House

John Fisher House and Yard -

John Sparks House and Yard -

BIRD CAGE WALK.

Thomas Dawes - House, Workshops, Sheds and Yard

Nancy Griffith - Workihops, Shea and Garden House, No. 1. Shed, Yard and Garden

John Cooper

Thomas Sauntry - House, No. 2. Shed, Yard and Garden

Henry Barnes The Bull Alehouse and Yard

William Hodges - House, Yard and Shed -

Sarah Ellis Part of Yard

Inmates.House

Inmate*.House

Inmates - House -

BOROUGH HIGH STREET.

r Dunn Horse Livery Stable*; the House,

William Tanner \ Stable*, Coach House and Part of

\ Yard -

Henry Pigeon and William' Dixon - i House, No. 158. Cooperage, Cart Houses, Warehouse and DitUllery

William and Richard Yate House, No. 157. Buildings and Yard

Anthony Sterry - House, No. 156. Buildings and Yard

MINT STREET.

The fame.House, No. 1. and Warehouse

William Nott House, No. 2. Shed and Yard -

John Welsh House, No. 3. Shed and Yard -

Benjamin Francis.House, No. 4. and Yard

Samuel Bale.House, No. c. and Slaughter House -

The Scite of the PalFage Part of Yard and Stable to No. A

William Smith

Empty.Yard and Skittle Ground to the King's

Arms Alehouse

Henry Orgar - House, No. I. and a. and Passage -

BLACKMAN STREET.

James Peters House, No. 130.

Edward Peters.House, No. 129. and Shed

John Birt.House, No. 128. and Shop in Rear

Thomas Snelling - House, No. 127. and Yaixl -

OWNERS.

Colonel Bullock*

MefTrs. Holmer and Co.

Colonel Bullock.

11 City of London and Colonel Bullock.

City of London and Colonel'Bullock.

36 G. 3.«.

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal between the Citie* of Bath and Bristol; Water the Inhabitant* of the City of Brj/lol, and its Neighbourhood.

[500, 00© /. and if necassary 150, 000l. additional.]

and also for (applying with [15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxviii. f.

An Act to vary and aher the Line of a Cut authorised to be made by an Act of the Thirty riith^Year of His present Majesty, for making a Canal from the River Erne, near Topsham, in the county of Dwon, to; the River Tone, near Taunton, in the County of Somtrjjet*and to amend the said Act.

[lythViwrflti*]

Cap. clxix.

8« 38 G.3. An Act for confirming certain Article of Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietor! of c.iwhk the Grand Junction Canal and certain Pencns, for Supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Pariftiof

Paddington, and the Parishes and Street* adjacent, in the County of Middlefem.

[15th June iSn.j

Cap.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. clxx, clxxi.

Cap. clxx.

An Act to enable The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to make a Collateral Cut communicating therewith in the rarish of Saint Mary, Rotherhithef in the County of Surrey, and to enable the said 'Company to complete the said Canal; and for amending the several Acts relating thereto.

[15th June 1811.]

[150, 000l. additional may be raised.]

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for completing and maintaining the Eaf Country Dock at Rotbcrbitbe9 in the County of Surrey.

[15th June 1811.]

WHEREAS divert Persons, Proprietors of certain Premises called the East Country Dock, situated on«the South Side of the River Thames, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherbithc9 in the County of % Surrey, adjoining the Dock lately called the Greenland Dock9 and now called the Commercial Dock9 hare«subscribed among themselves for the converting the fame into a Dock, for the Convenience of the Trade to

the East Country, and for the Reception of such Articles of Merchandize as are usually imported in East Country Ships and other Goods, and have expended the whole of the Money so subscribed in making the said Dock and Premises thereto belonging: And whereas the said Dock and rremifes are not yet complete, although the said Proprietors are indebted in a large Sum of Money beyond the Sums subscribed, and a

further Sum will be necessary to complete the said Dock and Premises: And whereas the said Proprietors

are desirous of raising the additional Sum necessary to complete the said Dock and Premises by transferable

Shares, and also to become a Joint Stock Company with transferable Shares, as to the Sums already subscribed, and also as to the Sums to be received in pursuance of this Act: And whereas the Purposes of the said Dock and Premises will be more conveniently answered, and great Advantage will arise from the same

being done: 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by and with the Authority of the same, That Thomas Alton, George Allen Aylwiny William ArmJlrongy Michael Andrewsy John Powell Ashley9 William Arthur, 1 homos Ajbton, John Butterworth, John Branton9 James Browning, Edward Browue9 Thomas Bumefs9 Joseph Boucock, James Bell9 James Benfony John Bainbridge, Gilbert Burny John Cottony John Collett9 Mrs. Martha Cawfion9 Aaron Clark, Miss Florellah Cohen, John Collins, Joseph Cobb, John Crouch9 Thomas Champion, Edmund Draytony Charles Downes, Thomas Day, Joseph Doaney Ralph Day, John Eykyn9 Richard Eykyn9 Walter Emmett, William For many Richard Farmer, Charles Fishery Arthur Frenchy Hrtlliam Frenchy Phtlip Frenchy Henry Fount ain9 Daniel Folkard, Robert Grant, Samuel G arm ft, Thomas G raves, John Henry Heckery James Hazlewoody Luder Hoffham, Matthew Hutchinsony William Hobfony William Ilebby Solomon Hougham, Jeremiah Hobfony John Louten Hilliery Matthew Heathery William Hewer, Robert Hitchins, John Daniel Humbert, Thomas James, IViltiam Jour data, Nicholas Jovrdainy Nicholas Jourdainy John Idle, John David Jones, Robert KingJlony George Ley burn, Richard Lloydy Thomas Leonard, William Leggey Samuel Langborn, Mathew Moody, Thomas Maltby, Robert Humphrey Martin, David Mathews, Henry Madgwick9 Thomas Neck, Nourse, Charles Price, Ralph Price, Richard Price, Robert Redder, Miss Harriet

Perry, John Powell, Richard Pack, Richard Parwin, William Parker, George Penny, Thomas Piper, Thomas Pajfard, Charles Seymour Pearson, Joseph Robbins, James Robins, Valentine Rutter, Thomas Reynolds, Thomas Raggetty Edward Robinfony Thomas Reeve, George Syme, Ha/iet Smithy Robert Henry Sparks, Miss Jane Sorely Miss Elixa Sorely Benjamin Sewell, William Thompfonf Thomas Taylor, John Thornton, Samuel Thornton, Morris Tobias, John Ttljloncy Samuel Ward> John Ward, Thomas Wilson, Thomas Wacey Thomas Wildey Thomas Wilfony Joseph Wolfcy William Wade, together with such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, as shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions in this Act contained, be possessed of any Part of the Joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Dock or Docks, shall have full Power and Authority to keep, direct and order the Docks, Basons, Quays, Wharfs and Works now erected and made, and to complete and maintain the fame, and all other Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Entrances, Bridges, Buildings, Machines and other Matters and Things appertaining thereto, and shall for that Purpose be a Joint Stock Company, by the Name and Stile of The East Country Dock Company.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to supply the said Docks, Basons or other Works, or any of them, at all times with Water from the River Thames, and all such Brooks, Springs, Rivulets, Waters and Water-courses as are or shall flow or be found in the completing the said Docks and Basons, and other Works respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Eaf Country Dork Company shall have full Power and Authority by their Servants, Agents and Workmen, to enter on and deepen, and scour out the Beach and Bed of the River Thames at the Entrance to the said Docks, and for ever after maintain and preserve the Depth so made from the Docks, Piers or other Works, at the Enrance from the River to the said Docks, so as to admit Vessels navigating or entering into the said Basons and Docks from the said River Thames, with the fame or a greater Depth of Water than is on the Sills of the Docks or Entrance to the said Basons or Docks.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which now belong or may hereafter belong to the said Company, and all Buildings, Erections and other Matters and

46 2 Things

59*

41 O.3. (U K.) c. lxxi.

47 G- 3* Sell*.. clxu.

48 G. 3. c. xriiu

Names of Proprietors.

Power to supply Docks with Water.

To scour Bed of the River.

Premises to veil in Sobscriberfa

59*

General Meeting.

Special Meeting* called at Request of Twelve Sub-fcribei5.

Present Director*.

Three of the piel'entDiredor* to retire on the ad Thursday in May 1810-

Election of Directors.

Retiring Hired ors decided by Lot.

Directors to hold Five Shares.

Quorum.

Regulation of Votes.

Proxy.

CtJtexi. 5i* GEORGII III. A.D. 18u.

Things thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all Batons or Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Machines and requisite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things, which shall be made, built, provided or eftahliftied by the said Company, shall be and the lame are hereby vested in the said Company; and it shaft be lawful for the said Company, in the Name of the Treaftirer of the said Company for the time being, to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer or prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indiftraent against any Person or Peri .ons, who shall cut, damage or injure, or cause to be cut, damaged or injured, any of the Works to be made, eredlei, cdablished, amended or repaired by virtue of this Act, or who shall injure or destroy the fame whihl doing, or impede the doing thereof, -or shall (leal, purloin or wrongfully take away Stones, Dead, Iron, Wood, Bricks or other Materials and Machines, Engines or Utensils, provided or to be provided from time to time, orufed, or intended so to be used thereon, or for any other Purposes of this Act, or who shall wilfully do or &fier, or content to do any thing whereby Damage any accrue to the Meffaages, Erc&jons and Buildings to be purebifed, or the Works or Machines to be made or erected by virtue of this Act; and all the Damages which shall be so recovered bp the said Company, by any Suit* Process-or Action* rafter dedofthig the Cons of Suit, shall be applied as herein after directed., .*

V. And be it further enacted, That a General Court of the said East Country Jbocl Company shall be held

every Year at such time as the Directors shall appoint. : y

VI. Provided always^ and be it enacted, That if any Twfelve or more of the said Company, who UuS fede-

rally be Proprietors of One hundred Pounds or upwards of the said Stock, shall judge it necessary or expedient for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of Jtliis Act, to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the said Company called, and shallrequest the fume so to be called by Notice in Writing under their respective. Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Company for the time being, specifying in every such Notice the Business intended to be proceeded upon at such Meetings, the Directors of the said Company to be appointed as herein after directed, or any Three or more of them, shall, within Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notice, and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and required to call such extraordinary Meeting toaffemble at such Time and Place, within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient within Twenty one Days from and after such Notice; and such Meeting shall be deemed a public one, and all Proceedings then duly had and confirmed by a subsequent Meeting, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be deemed a* valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, us if the fame had been done at Meetings in the manner hereinbefore appointed.,

VII. And be it further enacted, That Thomas IVilf&Vy John Brant on9John Collett, Robert Grant % Juhrt Eykya, James Benfony Hcjketh Smith, Thomas Maltby and Joseph Boucock, shall be and continue Directors of the said Company until the Second Thursday in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and twelvey un)efs such Directors or either of them shall die, be removed by the Court of Proprietors or otherwise, or dispose of his, her or their Shares in the said Stock, so as to reduce the fame under the Number of Five, in any of which cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the next General Meeting of the said Company, ordinary-pr extraordinary, to nominate and appoint by Ballot a new or other Director in the Room of such Director or Directors so dying, being removed or having disposed of his ortbeir said Stock, for the Remainder of the Term which such Director should have been in Office, and so on from time to time as Occasion may require; an€ that on the said Second Thursday in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve. Three of the present Directors, or of such of them as shall then remain in Office, and the Person or Persons who shall be substituted in the Place or Places of any of them who shall in the mean time cease to be a Director or Directors, shall retire from their said Office, and on the Second Thursday in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Three of the remaining Six of the present Directors or the Person or Persons who (haB have been appointed in the Place or Places of any of them, shall retire in like manner; and it shall be decided' amongst the Directors by Lot, which Three of the said present Directors, or of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall retire at the respective times aforesaid 5 and that after the said Second Thursday in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Three Directors shall retire from Office on the Second Thursday in the Month of May in every subsequent Year; and the Directors so retiring shall be those Directors who shall have been in Office for Three Years, or who shall have been substituted in the Place of such Directors, a6 would, if they had not ceased to be Directors, have been then in Office for that Period; Provided always nevertheless, that no Person shall be eligible to be appointed a Director of the said Company* who shall not hold at lead Five Shares of One hundred Pounds each, of the Stock of the said Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That not less than Three of the said Directors shall be a Quorum capable of acting in Execution of this Act, and that all Motions and Quellions to be made and put at such Meetings shall be decided by a Majority of the Directors present; and if the Numbers on each Side shall happen to be equal, the Chairman of the Meeting shall in every such Case give the Cading Vote.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed or undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns shall have One Vote in the several Assemblies to be Holden as herein after appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking; and the Holder or Holders of One Share shall have One Vote, and the Holder or Holders of Two Shares shall have One Vote, Three Shares Two Votes, Four Shares Two Votes, Five Shares Three Votes, Ten Shares Four Votes, Twenty Shares Five Votes; but no Holder or Holders of Shares shall, by reason of auy Number of Shares, have more than Five Votes, which Vote or Votes may be given by him, her or them, or by his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, condituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or the Hand and Seal of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good, fudacient and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted iu

Person;

A.D. 18H. $k9 GEORGII MI. £ckxi. 5^3

Person;nd every Question, Matter tfr Thing which shall be proposed. discussed or cotlfidcred ia any General

or Special Assembly of the said Company, shall fee determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present: Provided neveitbeless, that no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies For more than Vive Share-holders, Number of the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following: roue*.

T A.B* One of the Proprietors of the L.&/1 Country Docks, do hereby nominate, cotf&feut* Wid appoint 1 of to be my Proxy in my Name, and in my Abfeftce to

vote or give any Assent or Dissent to any Me* fore, Bufintfs or Thing relating to t4ie fafel flocks and tW-

dertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the Company of PrtPpridtOre Of the fiM

Docks, in such manner as he the said C.D> shall think proper, according U> his Opinion a*d JsdgtaeHt, f#r

the Benefit of the said Docks and Undertaking, or any thing appertaining thereto, in Witness Whei^of I

have hereunto let my Hand and S^al Use Day of /

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Taid Company to rajfe #ld Power to raiie-enmribute amongst themselves, a competerst Sum of Money for completing and maintaining the feud Dock »r Forty «houC*nd Docks, and all the Feeders, Aquedu&s, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, WTiarfji and aH other oun*

WoAs belonging or requisite thereto, and for paying such Sums of Money as may be due, by reason of the Sxpences already mourned in njaking the fame, not exceeding in the whole - the Sum «FFQ#y thousand Powftds

Jf4ve and except as herein after mentioned) in Addition to the Sum already subscribed ( ^nd the fame fetall he ivided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and the said Shares, as weH those already .subscribed formas tfeofe w4ri<h shall be hereafter subscribed for, in nurfoance of this Act, shall be and are hereby wetted in the federal Perforrs so fobferibing, and their feveraf and respective fexecutors, Adminrstrators, Successors and AfBgns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally taife mid eontribtrte; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who mall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof towards completing the said Dock or Docks, tmd otbeT the Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Tolls, Rates, Wharfage and other Sums of Money toberarfed, recovered and received by the said Company by the Authority of this. Ad.

KI. And be it further etia&ed, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic* Cor- Joint Strckt* porate and Collegiate, and of aft other Persons of and in the said Dock or Docks, or the Joint Stock or Fund "e Ftrtonal of the said Company, shall be and be deemed to be the Personal Efta'.e and traa(mii3ible as such, and dittri- Estate* but able as such, and not in any respect of the Nature of Real Property.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Share or Shares of the said Deck or Docks shall be liable to be Not liable to attached by any foreign Attachment within the City of London for any Debt or Demand; any Law, Usage Awach'lienu* or Ceiftom of the City of London to the contrary thereof notwlthllandifig.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money hereinbefore authorized to be raised, shall be Power to raise a-found insufficient for the completing and maintaining the said Dock or Docks, and other Works hereby further Sum by authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expence* relating thereto, then, and in such case, it , lcw share<* shall and may be lawfu Ito and for the said Company, to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Maaner and Form aforesaid, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers (the Consent of o General Meeting being wevroaidy had and obtained for that Purpose) any further or other Sum of Money for completing and per-iefting the fwd Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, subscribing towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be deemed a Member or Members of the said Company, and shall have all Rights* and Privileges of the said Company in as full and perfect a manner as if he, she or they had been nominated and appointed at the General Meeting holden for the Purposes of this Act, and shall also be liable to such*

Forfeitures, and be interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had origmatty been Part of the said first Sum.

XIV. And be it further enacted, Tfea^ the Directors -for managing the Concerns of thefatd Company, to Directors to-be appointed as herein after is expuefied, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power froni tigte to rmfe to audit Account* call for, audit and settle all Accounts of Money laid out and difbirrfed for the Purposes of this Act, by Officers #ndiinake and Persons employed under the Authority of this Act, and to make such Call or Calls of Money from, the Subscribers, their Executors, Administratora and Assigns, according to the Amount of their respective Sub> forint ions or Shares, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of this Act or the carrying on the Works, authorized or directed by this Act, as by them tire said Directors, or any Three, or more of them, shall from* time to time be deemed necessary for those Purposes, so that no Call shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds No Call exceed! for every Hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums £0 subscribed, and so as no Call to that Amount be madeol but at the Interval of Oue Calendar Mouth at the lead from the preceding Call, which Money so edited for shall be paid to such Person or Persons and in such manner as the said Directors shall fwni fine tune appoint or direct for the Use of the said Undertaking; and the Owner or Owners of Stodk in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her or their Proportion or Proportions of the Montes called foe as aforesaid at such Time and Place, and in such manner as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid and if any Person or Persons. Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations- Agv cxll* recovered! gregate or Sole, shall rteglcft or'refute to pay his, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Shane* Parts by Actioiu. or Shares of the said Monies to be called for as aforesaid at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Directors, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations. Aggregate

os

594

[Penalty.]

C. clxxi.

51° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

[Penalty.]

No Advantage taken for Forfeiture until Notice, and until declared for.

In case of Death, Executors, Sec. answera! lc for Calls.

or Sole, so neglecting or refilling to pay the same, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of his, her or their respective Subscriptions or Stock, or Part and Interest in the said Undertaking; and in every such case, the said Dock Company are hereby empowered to sue for and recover in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity fas the case may require) every or any such Part or Share, or any Part thereof so neglected or refilled to be paid, and also the said Penalty of Five Pounds per Share; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, shall neglect or refuse to pay nis, her or their rateable or proportionable Part or Parts, or Shares of the said Money tone called for as aforesaid, for the Space of One Month after the time or any of the respective times to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such case the fame rtiay be sued for and recovered by the said Dock Company, as lad hereinbefore is mentioned; or otherwise at the Option of the said Direction, or of any Three or more of them, of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, so neglecting to pay the same, shall forfeit all his, her or their respe6bve Stock or Part and InterefU in the said Undertaking and Premises, all which Forfeitures shall go to and for the Benefit of the rest of the Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Alligns, (holding for the time being Shares of the said Stock) in proportion to their respective Interests.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Stock or any Part thereof, until Notice of such Forfeiture m Writing shall have been previously

Sven or left by some Officer of the said Company to or with the Owner or Owners of such Stock, or left at

________ w s, her or their usual or last known Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at

feited at General some General Meeting of the said Company, to be held within Six Calendar Months next after such For-Meeting. feiture shall happen to be made; and in case of such Forfeiture, the same shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting all his or her Stock, Part and Interest as aforesaid against all and every Action or Actions, Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Con-trad! or other Agreement betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, ancf the rest of the Proprietors with regard to carrying on the said Works.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons subscribing or holding any Stock of the said Company, shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced on the Sum or Sums so subscribed, without having made Provision by Will, or otherwise in Writing, how the Money shall be paid upon Calls for the future, then, and in every such case, the Executors or Administrators of such Owner or Owners, shall be chargeable in respect of such Calls as for the Debts of that Testator or Intestate; and in case the Executors and Administrators, or Person or Persons entitled to the Personal Estate, shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Three Calendar Months to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of such Owner or Owners so deceased, on Condition that he, she or they so admitted, do and shall on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her or their Lifetime, by virtue of any such Cali or Calls, or otherwise upon such Share or Shares of such Stock, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for, first deducting the Penalties that may have been incurred. 7

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her or their respective Executors and Administrators, to fell and dispoiie of any Share or Shares to which he, she or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form following:

I A.B. of in Consideration of

A paid to me by of do hereby bargain, fell,

assign and transfer to the said the Sum of

Capital Stock of and in the East Country Dock, being part [or, the whole, as the case may be,] of my Share in the Dock, To hold to the said Executors, Administrators and Assigna, subject

to the same Rules, Orders and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Conditions. As Witness our Hands and Seals the Day of .*

Transfer kept And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Pur-

by Purchaser. chafer and Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her

or their Security, after the Solicitor or Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and haveteftified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial in the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Five Shillings shall be paid 5 and the said Solicitor or Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly 5 and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Dock, r.or any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Dock.

No Person to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall have been made by such Cora-fell after Call, mittee as aforesaid, no Person or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares, which he, she or they till paid. shall posses* in the said Dock, on Pain of forfeiting his, her or their respective Share or Shares therein to the

10 said

Subscribers may fell Share*.

Form of Transfer

i° GEORGII III.

C.clxxi. 595

laid Company of Proprietors* in Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, on!efs he, flieor they, at the time of such Sale and Transfer, Audi have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which Aiall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture neverthelessi to be notified and declared at a General or Special Assembly in manner before directed: Provided always, that in case the said Company Aiall be desirous of raising the said Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, or Aiall at any time hereafter be desirous of raising by such Mortgage a Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds of the Capital Sum subscribed, it Aiall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sums on fthe Credit of the Rates, Tolls or Profits of the said Docks, and to assign the Property of the said Docks, and the Rates and Profits arising or to arise to the said Company by or from the said Docks, or to mortgage any Part or Parts thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates and Profits as a Security to any Person or Persons, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees who Aiall advance the fame, ) all which said Assignmenta shall be made and signed by Three or more of the Directors of the said Company, and Aiall be in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

BY virtue We, the Company of Proprietors of

r.the East Country Dock Company, in Consideration of the Sum of

to us in Hand paid by of do hereby bargain,

fell and assign to the said his Executors, Administrators and

Assigns, the said Dock or Docks, and all and singular the Profits arising therefrom, or payable to us by virtue and all our Estate, Right, Title and iDterest

of, and in and to the fame, To hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, until the said Sum of with the Interest for the fame, after the

Rate of per Centum per Annum> shall be fully paid and satisfied.'

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled, one with the other, to their Proportions of the said Rates, and Profits and Purchases, according to the respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference whatsoever; and the Date, Name or Names of Assignees, with their Addition or Additions, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Rate of Interest, Aiall, within Twenty one Days from the Date of every such Assignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, which Book or Books Aiall and may be inspected at all reasonable times Dy any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Dock, and any other Person or Persons interested therein, upon Payment for every such Inspection of the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence; and the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment Aiall be made as aforesaid, or who Aiall be entitled to the Money due thereon, Aiall and may from time to time transfer his, her or their Right or Interest therein to any Person or Persons by Writing under his, her or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effe6fc following that is to say, J

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of paid by the said C.D. of

4 do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Proprietors of the East Country Docks,

bearing Date the Day of for securing

the Sum of and all the Interest now due and to become due thereon,

and all my Right and Property therein, to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, dated this Day of

And every such Transfer Aiall, within Seven Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Solicitor or^ Clerk of the said Company, who Aiall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, for which the said Solicitor or Clerk Aiall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and every such Entry made of such Transfer Aiall from thenceforth vest all Interest in the said Mortgage in the Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns; and the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed or raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, Aiall be provided for and paid to the several Persons entitled thereto, before any In-tenrft or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors or any of them Aiall be paid, made or divided.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person Aiall be capable of voting by reason of any Mortgage or Assignment, or any Transfer of the fame, either as Principal or Proxy at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company, for or on account of his or her havftig lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of such Assignment.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no* Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who may be Proprietor or Proprietors of any Shares of the said Company, shall be liable to his, her or their Real or Personal Estates being chargeable with any Debt or Demand whatsoever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when the Docks and Works shall be completed for the Reception of Shipping, or at soon after as a competent Judgment can be formed of the Profits which may accrue, the said Company mall, and they are hereby empowered and directed to make and declare speh Dividend or Dividends on the Stock of the said Company to be paid Yearly or Half yearly out of the Profits which shall accrue to the said Company, as maj and shall be settled and approved by a General Meeting of the said Company, to be from time to time called for the Purpose of making and declaring Dividends.

XXII. And be it further ena&ea, That it Aiall and may be lawful for the said pfte&ors or any Three or more of them to appoint a Solicitor, Clerk or Clerks, Colk&or or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer

Power to raise-Twenty thousand Pounds by Mortgage*

Form of Mortgage.

Not to have Preference.

Mortgage? entered, and o|tet> to Inspection.

A

Mortgages

transferrable.

Form of Transfer.

Transfe r entered.

Interest paid bo-fur e Dividends.

Mortgagees not to vote.

Subscriben not liable beyond Shares.

Power to make Dividends.

Directorsto appoint Officers.

Power to make

Bye Laws.

Limitation of Penalty in B}re-1 <aws. Destroying Works, &c.

[Penalty.]

Tmprisonroe^t.

Dock Matter.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

No Ship to 4ie witlyn One him Ared Yard* of Entrance.

Ships lying across, £cc«

(?.elx». 31' GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

surer or Treasurers* Watchman Watchmen, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall dud necessary for the Purposes of this Act, taking such Security or Securities for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices as the said, Directors, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time think fit; and out of the Money to be raised by this Act to pay or allow unto such Per fun or Potions such Salaries, Allowances or Recompences yearly or otherwise* for their Time and Trouble, as to thorn {Wall seem meet and icasonable, and from time to time to remove and suspend them, or any of them, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Room of such as shall die or be removed, suspended or become incapable of performing their Office or Offices.

XXIlf. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or the major Part of them in General Court assembkvd, shall and may make, .ordain and con ft i lute such and £b many Bye-Laws, Constitutions, Rules and Ordinances, as to them, or the major Part of them, so assembled as aroreuud shall seem meet and convenient for tie better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said Company, and the Officer*, Servants and Periyns employed on or to be employed in and about the Affairs, of tluf said Company, and to alter, change* revoke* repeal oy make void the fame from time fcp time, and as often as they or the major Part of them ft* a{Temble.d as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and expedient; provided that such Bye-Laws, Constitufcion, Rules and Ordinances be printed, and be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs or Laws of that Part? of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions in this Act contained; but no Order* BytvLaw, ConflitOtion, Rules or Ordinance so made shall be good and valid, without being confirmed at a fuhCoquent General Meeting of the said Company, ordinary or extraordinary, to be held as herein after mentioned;

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That n, <fc Penalty to be imposed by i*y Bye-Law, made, ordained and conilituted, by Authority of this Act, shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons 111 all ileal, take upvay, breftJfa df'mobft or throw down any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Irons or Polls, which the said Company shall or set up near, unto and about the said Dock or Docks and other Works, or any of the Rrcmifes belonging to the said Company, or shall wilfully extinguish the Lights within the feme Lamp or Lamps, or damage the Iron or other Furniture thereof, it shall he lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and also for any other Persons to allift, when called upon, to arrell the Offender or Offenders by Authority of this Act, and, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer* in order to he conveyed before a Just ice or Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Kent or Sarny; aneftfeat such Joffice or Justices fiudl proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness of Witnesses who shall appear to give any Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to administer), and that if the Party or Parties accused shall ho cnnvicted of such Offence, either by Confession. or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, he, file or tfe.*y shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each I.amp. Lamp Iron or Poll, or other Furniture so broke* thrown down or damaged, or for every Light extinguished, and moreover ffial! makp full Satisfaction to the said Directors, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same for the Damage so doHe; and that, in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay the Forfeiture assessed, and make Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required to commit him, her or them to the Mottle of Correction for any time not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall mul may be lawful for the said Directors, or any Three or more of, them, and they are hereby authorized and required from time, to timp, as Occasion shall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be. Superintendant Dock Master or Dock Mastere, and to remove, suspend or dismiss the fame, which said Superintendant Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers shall have full* Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all Ships and Vessels, Lighters, and Craft coming into* lying or being iu tjic. said Dock or Docks, or any of tfeem, either as to the time or times and the manner of their Entrance into, lying or going, out of the fame, a»d their Pbfidoiis, loading and discharging therein, and the time or times of openipg and shutting the several Gates thereof; and in case the Owner, Master, Pilot, Servant or other Person. having the Care of ai)y Sfeip or Vessel, .shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move or remove the fame according to such Direction within Three Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with.foinc Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, then it shall be lawful for the said J^pok, Master or Dock Mailers, or his or their Afltstants* and and they is and are hereby required to nippi; , unmoor, move or remove such S, hip or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences, thereof respectively ft^dj he paid, together "hb^Sum not exceeding. Ten Pounds for each Offence, by the Owner ox.Owucrq^f such Ship or Vessel, and may be recovered by the said Company of the Owner of such Ship or Vessel in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Demand* bey fuefe v-mys and means as Penalties ancj Forfeitures, are, by this Act tabjc recovered; ajidJp icafe«*ny Maftbtv.Ccxnmauder, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons whomsoever, fty.ll obftnid or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving. 00^removing of any Ship or Vessel, such Person or Perfu^f shall, for ev^ry, £och iQffence, forfeit} a Srum.not excetding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as he^qjpafster declared*.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted* Tjia^asrfbop.aftthe- fejd.iufcwded Dock or Docks.or* fd far completecbas $9 admit .Ships, Vessial&or Craft to eut£f therein, jip ShiproriOtJtcp VesselVessel* fftalblie within the Difiance of One hundred Yards of the Entrances c^ tive laid D°ckf^ unWL it is for the Purpose of coming in or going out of the Dock, ft) that at all times the Entrance may be kept clear and without ObstructkM*; and' over this Spqcp pock.Miiftej; shall ha^ve Coptrpp^so far as relates to the placing or titanlporting Ships or Vessels cominjz iq orgping.ouj; qIJ the Dock.

XXViTli And, for the better making andj preferring a frne and clear Passage and Entrance fioni the River Thames Mo and put, of the said Docks for all Ships, Vessolr, Lighters* Barges and Boats; of orer>r Deferip-tionf be it further enactqd* at w* .Ship, Vessel* lighter* Bunge, Craft or, Boat, of any* Rtescription what-

8 soever>

A.D. 1811. 51 GEORGII III. C.clxxi. 597

soever, shall lie across, in, or in any way obstruct any of the Entrances or Passages into or from any of the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, except only such Ships, Vessels, Lighters, Barges, Crafts and Boats of whatsoever Description as shall have come out of or are intended to go into the said Dock, under a Penalty not Penalty, exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

[Proviso.]

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit

Tiny Ship or Vessel lying at or alongside of the Wharfs and Premises to the South Side of the said Docks or Basons, in such manner as such Ship or Vessel before the passing of this Act by Law might have done.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Slip or Slips, Dry Docks, Graving Dock Way or Graving Docks, other Place for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Vessels, shall at any time hereafter W*y*»

be made or built, or permitted or suffered to be made or built, within the Walls surrounding any of the said Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Basons or Entrances which shall belong thereto; nor shall any Communication at any time hereafter be made into the said East Country Dock, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or Slips, Dry Docks, Graving Dock Way or other Place for the building, heaving down or repairing of Shins or other Vessels which may hereafter be adjoining to the said East Country Docks, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto 5 nor shall the said East Country Dock Company at any time or times hereafter carry on or be other* wife concerned in the Trade or Business of building or repairing the Hulls or Mails of Ships or Vessels for Hire or Profit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy Comb»aihle

or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or coni- Matter remain* buftible or inflammable Matter what foe ver of any Kind, shall be suffered to be or remain on the Quays or the l, e*

Wharfs aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Bason or Docks, Cuts or other Works, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours after passing the Custom House Offices; and that in case such Goods, Merchandize or Things cannot be conveniently removed therefrom by Day-light, that then and in every such case, the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Merchandize or Things respectively, if on the Quays or Wharfs, or the Commander, Mailer or Mate, if on board of any

Ship or Vessel, shall be obliged, and are hereby required to set and maintain at their own Expence a sufficient Number of sober Persons to guard and watch over the fame, for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Superintendant Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers, or his or their Assistants,

shall direct or appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Merchandize or other Things, or the Commanders, Mailer or Mate of any Ship or other Vessels shall make Default herein by neglecting the fame, then and in that case the said Superintendant Dock Mailer or Dock Mailers, or his or their Assistants,

shall set and appoint such sufficient Number of careful Persons as may be requisite to watch and guard over the fame, at the Expence of the said Owner or Owners of such Goods or Ship or Ships 5 and every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, exclusive of the full Penalty Charges of watching and attending the same.

XXXII. Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Removing Three or more of them, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occasion shall require, well and sufficiently to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth,

Soil or Rubbish in the said intended Works and Entrances to the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, in such manner as the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, or any Person appointed by them for that Purpose, shall think proper for the Security, Entrance and Accommodation of Shipping in the fame; and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any,

Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions, or other Impediments of the like nature that may be found or arise therein 5 and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Obstructions so to be removed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Charge of removing the fame for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof made by any Officer of the said Company, then the Owner or Owners of any such Wrecks, or Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions or Impediments of the like nature, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to the said Company, exclusive of the Expences incurred by removing the fame, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds'; and the fame Penalty.

shall be recovered and applied in such manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XXXIII'. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, call or Nuiftnces in put any Ballast, Earth, Dull, Ashes, Stones or other Things into or upon any of the Works to be made in Docks, pursuance of this Act to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the fame or any Part thereof, and Complaint be made thereof, upon Oath, by any of the said Directors or their Clerk, or other Officer, or any other Person, the same shall be examined into and determined by One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent or Surrey; and they are hereby authorized to impose upon the Offender or Offenders (other than and except as is herein after mentioned) such Fine or Fines, not exceeding Twenty pcn^ity. 1 Pounds for such Offence, as they the said Justices shall think reasonable; and in case any Owner or Owners,

Mailer or Commander, Seaman or Servant of or belonging to any Ship or other Vessel, shall be guilty of any of the said Offences, upon Proof thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any of the said Justices, the Person or Persons so offending shall for such Offence forfeit to the said Company a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and in case of Non-payment of such last mentioned Twenty Pounds Penalty*.

for the Space of Three Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the lame, together with the Costs and Charges incident thereto, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Owner, Mailer or Commander, Seaman or Servant 51 Geo. III. 4 H or

598 C.clxxi;

51

GEORGII III.

AJ>.r8m

Imprisonment.

Destroying

Ropes.

[Penalty.]

Accidents by Fire.

Penalty. Boiling, ire. Combutlible Matter.

Penalty,

Makers and Commanders of

or other Person or Persons lb offending, or the Tackle, Appealed or Furniture of or belonging to such* Ship or Vessel, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person whose Goods or other Things shall be so* distrained; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, then it shall be lawful for such Jullicea, by Warrant under their Hand and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless sooner discharged.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever mall wilfully or maliciously cut or break, or in any manner destroy any Rope or other Thing, by which any Ship or other Vessel lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain the Dock Matter or Dock Matters to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or his or their Attittant or Assistants, from exercising in a due and reasonable manner any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vetted in them.

XXXV. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Docks or Basons, or Cuts or other Works* be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle or Lamp lighted ou board any Ship or other Vessel within the Caine at any time or times whatsoever, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenth fifth Day of March in every Year, after the Hour of Nine in the Evening, or before the Hour of Eight in the Morning, nor at any time or times whatsoever between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year after the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Evening, or before the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Morning, under Pain of forfeiting for every Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine, Oil or other combuffible or inflammable Matter shall at any time hereafter be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Vessel, Lighter, Craft or Boat lying in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or Cuts or other Works, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Docks, Premises or Cuts, except in such Place or Places, and in such manner as shall be appointed by the said Directors or any Three or more of them, or by their known Agents, for that Purpose; nor shall any Gunpowder or loaded Guu whatever be brought into the said Docks* Basons or Cuts, or be suffered to remain on board any Ship or any other Vessel, upon Pain that every such Master, Commander or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, or other Persons so offending in manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sufm not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mischief that mall be done

Ships answerable by any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or any of the Boatmen, Watermen or others belonging image. tQr or empj0ycd in or about the fame, unto the Dodks, Batons, Cuts, or any of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the said Docks, Cuts and Basons or any of them, nr any' of the Trenches, Sluices and Passages to be made as aforesaid, or by loading or unloading any Ship, Boat*. Barge, Lighter or other Vessel, or for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or^ Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Gauges, Weirs, Lands or Tenements adjoining or lying near the fame or any of them, by leaving open the Gates or otherwise, or for any other Trespass whatsoever ? and the said Matter or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Vessel may be sued and prosecuted for the fame in any Court of Record 5 and if a Verdict or Judgment ftiaH be given against him, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such case shall recover his Damages thereby futtained, with full Costs of Suit 5 and in case the Matter or Owner of any such Ship, Boat, Lighter or other Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass, by reason of any wilful A A or Default dooe or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass, to such Matter or Owner, and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Demand, the same shall be recovered by such Matter or Owner in like rrf&nner as any Penalty is herein after directed to be recovered.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That not with {landing anything contained in an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain J'o much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the - ms our aging and increasirig of Shipping and Navigation, at relates to the Importation into this Kingdom, and other

His Majesty's Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia or America, which are manufactured in foreign Parts; for preventing Masters of Ships removing their VesseUoutof the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are.si eared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make mfe of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock or Bason at the Port af Kingston upon Hull; it shall and may be lawful so* any Ship or Vessel laden with Timber or Wood only, or Timber or Wood as the principal Part of the Cargo, and not bound by Law to enter any particular Dock, to enter and go into the said Wet Docks or Basons: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise the loading or unloading, or to alter or vary the Right or Practice, if any* of loading or uuloading Goods from the said Ship or Vessel in the said Dock or Bason \ but the fame Right or Practice, if any, {half remain* continue and be subject to all such Conttraint, Rettri&ion and Limitation, as it would have been if this Act had not passed.

XXXIX. And whereas it is expedient that the Trade and Bulinefa of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Rotherhithe should be interrupted as little as may be f Be it therefore enacted, That the said1 Dock Corn-far Roiherhtii. c. pany shall conttrudl, make and ke<*p Two Platform Bridges, with proper and safe Rails or Chains over the Cut or Sluice made, or to be made, for connecting the said Docks with the River Thamety and that One of t 1 such

Beivant* liable to Penalty, & c.

laden l imber it)ay unload in Docks

*9 U. 3. c. 48.

PrcVifa

Platform Bridge

jb0 GEORGII IH.

C.clxii.

599

(ueh Platform Bridges shall be (hut for the Use of Passengers, unWfs in cases where it shall be necessary to keep open both the said Bridges.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and may like wife cause to be made and provided, altered or varied, such Sluices, Bridget, Footways, Paths, Ways or Roads, on, in or leading to the said Dock or Docks, or other Works, as they shall from time to time judge necessary, for the more convenient Ufc thereof, and of the Wharfs and other Works appertaining thereto.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conftrtfed to extend to* authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to make any Bridge over or upon, or to turn, divert or alter any of the Turnpike Roads under the Care and Conservation of the Trustees appointed or to be. appointed for patting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed iti the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering tlseTerm and Powers offederal Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from New Streot Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street Southwark, to Doctbead and LiUiput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the stone's Rod in Kent Street Southwark, ta Dartford, so far as respeHs the Road leading from the Stone's End iit Bermoetdfey Street towards) Saint Thomas a Waterings, and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Rarish of Bermondfe^ in tbs County of Surrey, or any of the Acts therein mentioned or recited, without the Consent and Approbation of the said Trustees assembled at two successive Generali Meetings made and given*

XLLL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contaired shall extend of be oonknied to extend to infringe upon the Rights, Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners of Sewers for t^ie Limits extending from East Mouldfty, in the County of Surreyr to Ravensborne in the County of Kent.

XLLLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously deuHihfh, break down, cut down or destroy any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel, Barge, Lighter or Craft, or Goods and Merchandize therein lying in the said Dock, Cuts, Baton Or Batons, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment by Fine, Unprifawnent or Transportation for a Term not exceeding Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convi#ed.

XLLY. And be it further enacted, That no Director nor any Person in any manner connected in Business as Plsrtnet wkh such Director, shall hold any Contra6fc or enjoy any Place of Profit created by this Act, or be beneficially employed, or in any manner interested or concerned, direct, or indire#ly, in supplying any Article or Materials for the tJfe of the said Company; and in case any Dire#or shall hold any Contract, or enjoy any Place of Profit created'by this Act, or shall be in any manner beneficially employed or concerned, directly or isdire#ly, in supplying any Articles or Materials for the Ufie of the said Company, every such Dire#or shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with fullCofts of Suit, to any Person or Pertoas who: shall sue for the fame, to he recovered in any of His Majestya Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cato, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Prote#ion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of such Penalty when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Company, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Person or Persons so convi#od, shall be abtoiutely disqualiiied from a#ing any longer as a Dire#or or Dire#ors of the said Company; and no Dire#or interested in auy such Contract, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, shall vote in any Question touching or Concerning the same.

XIV. And be it further cna#ed. That, in consideration of the great Charges and Expences which the sfcnkiegt building, ere#ing and providing such Dock or Docks, Quays and Wharfs, Sluices, Bridges, Roads and other Works, and the supporting and maintaining, and keeping the fame ia repair, for the future, there shall be payable and paid to the said Company, or to their Collectors or Deputies for their Use, for every Ship or Vessel iu entering into the said Docks or Cuts, or any or either of them, by the Master or Commander, Owner or Owners of every such Ship or other Vessel, the several Rates or Duties according to the Tonnage of the said Ship or Vessel, herein after particularly rated and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A) 5 and the Master or other Person having the Command of each and every such Ship or Vessel is hereby required to produce such Certificate of Registry at the time of Payment of the said Rates to the Dock Maftrr or other Officer appointed to receive the same.

XLVL. Provided always, and be. it enacted, That Lighters and Craft entering into the Docks or Batons th discharge or receive BaHail or Goods to or from on board any Ships, shall be exempted from any Rates or Duties, such Goods paying Dues as in other cases.

XLVII. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may be more effectually col-le#cdand levied, be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, or Matter or other Persons having the Charge or Concern of any Ship or other Vessel charged or chargeable with any of the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shallrefme or neglect to pay the same, then, and in every such case, it shall from time to time be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, to be duly appointed in pursuance of this Act, to go on tioani such Ship ox other Vessel, to demand, colic# and receive the said Rates and Duties, and on Nonpayment thereof to take and distrain such Ship or other Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture belonging thereto or any Part thereof, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be fitisfiedand paid; and in case of any Negle# or Default in Payment of the said Rates and Duties for the Space of Five Days after any Distreto or Distresses so made or taken, that then it shall be lawful for the said Col-le#or or Collectors to cause the same to he* appraised by One or more $wom Appraisrrs, or other sufficieraf Persons not iutcrefled therein, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distreflcs, and therewith to satisfy s 4 H 2 liiinTeif

Bridges, Sec.

Turnpike Road* not to be intermeddled with, without Content of Trusses.

43 G. 3. c. cxxxii.

Commissionefrof

Sewers.

Setting Fire to Premit'es.

Punishment.

No D(rc&or or his i\tttner to supply any Materials.

[Penalty.]

Rates.

Prorifo for Tighten with Bailaft.

Power to compel Payment of Rates.

6oo C.clxxi.

51 GEORGII III.

A.D. 181r,

Person* eluding Payment of Rates to continue chargeable.

Re't paid by Vessels.

Dock Matter to order out useless Ships.

[Penalty.]

Dillreft.

Proviso for Rights of Commercial Dock Company.

Saving Power to < oinmercial Dock Company, jo G. 3. c. ccvii.

himself or themselves, as well for and in respect of Rates or Duties so neglected or refused to be paid* and for which such Distress or Distresses shall have been made or taken as aforesaid, as for and in respect of his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any there be) to the Master, Commander, Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel upon Demand.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, shall by any means whatsoever at any time or times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates and Duties hereby made payable or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or evading Payment as aforesaid shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the lame 5 and such Rates ami Duties shall and may be recovered from f ^ch Matter or Owner or Owners respectively, by the fame ways and means, and in such manner as are Hereinafter described for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act in Aided or authorized to be imposed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Superintendant Dock Matter or Dock Matters shall, and t they are hereby authorized and directed, upon giving Twenty four Hours previous Notice in Writing to the Owners or Matters thereof, or other Person having th6 Care of such Ship or Vessel respectively, to order out light Ships and such as are uufit for Service, whenever the same shall incumber the said Bason or Dock, Basons or Docks, or any of them, or impede the Business thereof; and that all and every such Matter or Matters, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel who shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Order, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, the Dock Matter or Dock Matters, his or their Aflittant or Aflittants, may remove or cause to be removed all such Vessels out of the said Docks and Basons, or Cuts, or any of them, and lay or moor the fame in any Part of the River Thames within High Water Mark, as conveniently as may be; and that after Demand of Payment shall have been made by such Dock Matter or Dock Matters, Aflittant or Aflittants, , to the Owner or Owners, Matters, Commanders or Agents of such Ship or Ships, or other Vessel or Vessels, of the* Charges of removing and mooring the said Ships or other Vessels, (such Charges and Expences being first allowed by the said Directors or any Three or more of them) and upon Neglect or Refusal to pay such Charges so allowed as aforesaid for the Space of Two Days, it shall be lawful for the said Dock Matter or Aflittants to distrain and fell such Ship or Vessel, or any of her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or any Part thereof, for Payment of such Charges and Expences of removing and mooring as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of taking, keeping and felling of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners, Matter or Matters, Factor and Agents of or for such Ship or Vessel, upon the fame being: demanded. f [Sic Orig. A3.]

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the fahE Company to make any Alteration in any Sluice, Bridge, Footway, Road, Way or Passage that runs into or across, leads to or communicates with the Hereditaments and Premises of or belonging to the Commercial Doth' Company, unless with the Consent of the Directors of such Company, or the Majority of them for the time being, except such Part of any such Sluice, Bridge, Footpath, Street, Road, Path or Way as runs through? and along the Premises belonging to the Eafi Country Dock Company.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed in any* way to rettrift, limit or interfere with the Authorities or Powers given and granted to the Commercial Dock' Company in and by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of King George the Third, intituled, an Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other' Docks and IVarehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey; with respect to the keeping clear the Entrance of the said Docks from Obstructions, and to the Controul of the Dock Matter to place and transport Ships and Vessels coming in and going out of the Commercial Docks, it being hereby declared that nothing in this Act contained is intended to prevent the said Commercial*

Proviso (hr Rights of either

For Rights of

Frliowlhiji Portia and Meters.

Dock Company from exercising all the Rights and Powers given and crealed by the said Act, according to*

the full Esse« an*- '*.....

notwithstanding.

the full IiffeA and Meaning of this A J[; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise twithstanding.

LII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend' Dkxkc^ianta* construed to extend to prejudice or affect the Rights of the West India Dock Company* established by* 39 G. 3. tUU.* Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering mont-r commodious and better regulating the Port of London; or of the London Dock Company, established by an. 5 Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth. Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making IVeti

1 Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping* Commerce and'

4iG > cexits Revenue, within the Port of London 5 or of the East India Dock Company, established by an Act made in they

Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London* ky making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of East India Shipping in the said Port.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent or hinder the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens-of the City of London* or their Deputies, Meters or Fellow ship Porters (otherwise Billingsgate Porters) from exercising and enjoying within the said Wet Docks, and other Works already made, or to be made by virtue of this Act, the Right of Measura^e and Porterage of all Coal, Corn, Grain and Seed of what Kind soever. and of all Salt and Fruit, and of all other Merchandizes measurable or to be measured at the Rates and Prices as regulated, and settled, or to be regulated and settled by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, in such and the same manner in every respect as they now and heretofore have enjoyed such Right of Measurage and Porterage in any Part of the Port of London.

A.D. 1811. 51° GEORGII III. £clxxi. 601

LIV. Provided also, and it is'hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend For Rights of or be construedto extend or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authority His Majesty and of the King's Majesty, hr Heir? or Successors, or of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat ^ the Vhames alter or diminish any Power or Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the time of making this Act His Majesty, tnd Medway, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as Conservator of the River Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise; and further, that it shall he lawful for the said Lord Mayor of the said City Tor the time being, in like manner as he hath it fed legally to do in other Cases, to inquire of, hear and determine by Preferment or Indictment taken before hind as Conservator of the said River and Waters, all Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall be made as aforesaid; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted in and by the bid Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for such Offence or Offences; but no Person shall be punished Twice for One and the fame Offence.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he con- piwifo for ft rued to extend to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which, at the Mayor and time of making this Act, the Mayor or Commonalty, or Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor f

of the said City for the time being, or his Deputy, to the Exercise of guaging all Wines, Oil, Honey and guag, n*' other gaugeable Merchandize imported or brought into the said Wet Docks already made or to be made by virtue of this Act, by the River of Thames, or to be exported therefrom, nor to prejudice or derogate from any other the Rights, Privileges, Liberties, Tolls, Customs, Dues, Duties and Commodities of the said Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; but that the said Mayor for the time being on his Deputy, shall exercise and enjoy the Rights of gauging within the said Wet Docks already made or to be made as aforesaid upon the Banks, Wharfs, Quays, and in the Warehouses thereto belonging, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be Proviso for construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Master, Warden and Trb-

Assistants of the Trinity House, Deptford Strand* nilJ

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, or by Penaltiesreco-any Rule or Bye-Law which shall hereafter be made in pursuance of this Act, may be levied and recovered vered aftrr within Twelve Months after the Offence or Offences committed before any Justice or Justices of the Peace O50* for the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, Justices ms/ upon Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or C*«at Warrant. Offenders, at the Time and Place in such Warrant specified; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively on his, her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, examined on Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby. PenaUta dii required and empowered to administer), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the strained for. Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand or f Seal or Hands or f Seals of such Justice or Justices; and all Fines and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall go and be applied. One half to him who will sue or inform. Application of and the other Half to the Use of the said Company, to be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer; and for Penalties, want of sufficient Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit any such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or- offenders may* Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless Inch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and* b* committed, all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid. + [S/r Orig.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to s Plaintiff hot to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in raover without v \jrriting fl*ali have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her ot their lailor.usual P^ '^derof; ^or Places of Abode, Thirty Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signedrAmcndii) by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such A&ion; nor shall: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, recover in such Action if tender of good and sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such:

Action brought, nor if such Tender or Amends shall he made at any time after the said Action brought, and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit to the time of such last mentioned Tender; but on.

Proof of such Tender on any Trial to he had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as-in cases of Non-suit, with Treble Costs, to he recovered in the same manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other case by Law; or in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and mayr he lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they.

shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall he had, made and given in and tjy such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money Distrefrn«t unto be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself mall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party ot Parties* Dcfedk* making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the.10 Fonn* Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties^ distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ad initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be

' afterwards*

6oa C.chjiu

51° GEORGGII III

A.D. 181 r.

afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distrsining, but the Ferfoti or Brrfoot aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfmdion for the Special Dafoage in an Action upon the Case.

LX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offender* again {I this Act* be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be confided of any Offence again# this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn dp according to the following Form: viz.

Torm of Con vj&ion.

lt rcmem^cre^> That on the

Day of in the Year of our Lord

A. S. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of \JpectfyinZ ^e JFcncc} a*d the Time and Place*, as the case

c may be-\ contrary to an Act of Parliament passed in the f Year of the Reign of King George

[5/V Orig, 'the Third, intituled, f Given under

my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year fir# mentioned.*

Person aggrieved by Bye-Law to ap|>eaL

Notice.

Recognizance.

Certiorari.

J.i'nitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Public Act.]

Trebly Costs.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if&ny Person or Periods shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-Law or Order of the said Company ot Proprietors, or by any Order, Judgment or Detennination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then, and in such Case, he, she or they may, within Twelve Caleodar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arifenr appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-Sessions to be halden in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise (fir# giving Three Months Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed again#, and of the Nature thereof, and within Seven Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter-Sessions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the bearing thereof until the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace to be Holden for such County; and the said Justices may, if they fee cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-Law, Oraer or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced again# any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Three Months next after the Fad committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Three Months next after the doing or committing such Damages shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall he laid and brought in the County where the Matter, or Dispute or Cause shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in any Trial to be bad thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of hit, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass again# the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upoo Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given again# the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs* and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Coffs of Suit in other Cases of Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers:

Dockage on Laden Ships, with Permission of laying Six Weeks After that time, if remaining with a Cargo 1 on board, per Week Or if remaining without a Cargo on board, per Week

Ships coming in light, for the first Six Weeks And if exceeding that time, per Week All Rigged Vessels coming to load GoodsT in the Dock - > -j

SCHEDULE (A.)

Per RegisterTon.

d.

a o

o a

o 9

Alt

51° GEORGII JH.

C. clxii — clxxvi. 603

All Ships to pay for docking 10 6 And for undocking.- to 6 Lighters, Barges and Small Craft to pase without Charge.

Wharfage of Oak and other heavy Timber*) per Load - - -j

W harfage of Oak and other heavy Planks per 1 Load

Dock + Plank, per Load

Wharfage on large Timber and Masts, per] Load -

Wharfage on small Timber, per Load

Wharfage on Deals from the Baltic1 reduced Standard of 120

3

4

o

d. o

o

6

o

/"-j.

Wharfage on Deals from America, per dnced Standard of 120

Wharfage on Oak Pipe and Hogshead Staves] from the Baltic, per Thousand -j

Wharfage on Oak Barrel and Heading Stavesl from the Baltic, per Thousand - - j

Wharfage on Hemp and Flax, per Ton 2

Wharfage on Tallow, per Ton - - > .1

o o 5 o

5 o 15 o

Rent while stored on the Premises of the] Company, per Load per Quarter Rent while stored on the Premises of the j Company, per Loader Quarter

[Rent while stored on the Premises of the' Company, per Load per Quarter 'Rent while stored on the Premises of the*

d.

6

Wharfage on Pitch, Tar and Turpentine/rr I Barrel from America or cKewhere - - \

Wharfage on Oil, 252 Gallons, per Ton

Wharfage on Whalebone, per Ton

i

Company, per Load per Quarter 'Rent while stored on the Premises of the* Company, per Quarter per reduced j 5 Standard of 120 - -J

"Rent while stored on the Premises of the* Company, per Quarter per reduced - s 5 Standard of 120 - - -j

["Rent while stored on the Premises of the)Company, per Quarter per Thousand*Rent while stored on the Premises of - the I Company, per Quarter per Thousand -J r Rent while stored or warehoused on the* 1 J Premises of the Company, per Week per \*1 ( Ton -

CRent while stored or warehoused on the"1 J Premises of the Company, per Week per \

[ Ton - -j'

Rent while stored or warehoused on the" > Premises of the Company, per Week per \ Barrel - - 1

Rent while stored or warehoused on the "»^Premises of the Company, per Week per |*Ton - -. 1

fRent while stored or warehoused on the"

-J Premises of the Company, per Week per J 1 f Ton

3 o

Use of the Coppers for boiling of Blubber, \

252 Gallons, per Ton -.j* 3° w

+ £ Sic Orig. A3.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for erecting a New Market Place in the Town or Borough, and Manor of Gosport in the County of Southampton* [15th June i8i I.]

t Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for paving and improving the Streets and other publick Passages and Places in the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist and Saint BenediQ, in the Town of Glajhnbury, in the County of Somerset.

r'[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxiv*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from j6 G c Doncaster to Bawtry, in the County of York, (a) [15th June 1811.] 38 G. 3. c.lik

[Additional Trujkes. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted\ Additional Toll of One Half on Sundays.']

Cap. clxxv.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a G Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road, in the County of Surrey.

[15th June t8il.[] c.dxxxvi.

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for ihcloiing certain Lands called Coe otherwise Cow Fen Leys, in the Parish of Saint Mary the Less, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge.'[ijth Jane 1-8x1. J.

[Afa/r, This Act has neither the Public or Evidence Clause.]

Cap.

A.D. 1811.

604 C.clxxvii — ctxxxix. 51° GEORGII IIt.

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tilfhead, in the County of Wilts. (q.P.) £ 15th June i&i 1.]

" Allotment and Compenfetion for Tithes. §21, 22.25. No Lease of Allotment to Vicar of Tilfhead\ in right

u of Vicarage, without Consent of His M^eily. §29.

Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates late of George Hamilton oSTyrella, in the County of Down, in .Ireland, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in Ireland\ to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q.P.) [15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for making, under the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, a Partition of Part of the Irish Estates of the Right Honourable Edward late Earl Beaulieu, in conformity to an Award therein mentioned, (q. P.)*£ 15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Tyrone in Ireland, devised by the Will of Sir George Savile, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold 5 and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q.P.) [15th June t8u.J

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act to enable the Dean of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, Dublin, to accept Surrenders and grant Leases of certain Lands, called the Dean's Grange, in the County of Dublin, and to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of Leases heretofore made thereof, (q. P.) [15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for enabling the Dean of Windsor and Wolverhampton, and his Successors, to grant Leases and Licences for opening and working Mines within the Lands belonging to the Manor of Wolverhampton; and for augmenting the Income of the Sacrift of the Collegiate Church or Royal Free Chapel of Wolverhampton. (q.P.) [15th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for vesting in John Thcophilvs Daubuz Esquire, an undivided Moiety of certain Premises situate at Low Layton, in the County of Essex; and for applying the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fubfuting Uses of the Will of Edward Martin, deceased* (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Act for empowering the Trustees of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, called The Decreed Lands, to make Sale of a sufficient Part thereof for paying off Incumbrances. (q.P.) [15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Henry Viponi deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the whole Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses. (q. P.) [15th June 1811.]

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh Esquire, deceased, to purchase Estates for the Benefit of their Trust 5 and to fell certain of the Estates devisea by the Will of the said Thomas Peter egh, for raising Money to pay for such purchased Estates, and for re-imbursing a Sum expended in the Redemption of the Land Tax, charged on other Estates of the said Thomas Peter Legk. (q. P.)

£i5th June 1811J

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Act for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parishesof Hornchurch, Romford and Havering, within the Manor and Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the county of .Essex. (q. P.)

[15th June 1811.]

Allotment to His Majesty. j 27.

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Norbury, in the Parish of Stockport, in the County of Chester. (q. P.) [15th June 181X.3

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of KingJlon9 in the County of Hereford, (q. P.) [15th June 181J-J

Cap.

51° GEORGII III.

C. cxc — cciii. 605

Cap. cxc*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brombam, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.) [15th June 181 i.J

Cap. cxci*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Minty, in the County of Gloucester. (q. P.) [15th June 181 x.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tythes, Lands in the Parishes of Great Wymondley, Little Wymondley and Ippollitts, in the County of Hertford, (q. P.) f 15th June 1811.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Act to enable the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money*for the 49 G. 3. c. cli*. Completion of their Works, and for levying a Tonnage Rate on certain Vessels and Goods now exempted; 5° 0.3. c.ccxv, and further to extend the Powers granted to the said Company. # [30, 000l.] [26th June x8i 1.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Act for erecting Five distinA ReAories and Parishes within the ReAory and Parish of Simonhurn, in the County of Northumberland; and for separaiing the Dame from the ReAory and Parish Church of Simon-burn; and for providing Parish Churches, Church Yards and Parsonage Houses for the fame 5 and for retraining the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hofpkal for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, from presenting to the ReAory of Simonburn, or the said new ReAories, any other Persons than Chaplains in the Royal Navy.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for construAing a Harbour at P or thieve n, in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall.

[6o#oooo/.] [26th June 1811J

Cap. cxevi.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Sutton Pool) in the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

[20, 000l.J [a6th June 1811.]

25 G. 3. c. 13.. repealed, and 29 G 3. c. 17; repealed f as therein mentioned.

29 G. 3. c. X7. 33 G. 3. c. lj*.

36 G. 3. c. 139.

37 0.3. €.164* 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xxxiv.

47 G. 3. Sess. 2* c. xx. repealed*

Cap. cxevti.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Services in the County of Perth, and for more effeAuatlf making and regulating the Highways, Bridges and Ferries within the said County.

[26th June 1811.]

f [As to 29 G. 3* c. 17. See Cap. cxcviii. poj!.'}

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth. lb)

[26*h JuneiZill

Cap. cxeix.

An Act for establishing a Ferry across the River Thames at Woolwich, in the County of Kent.

[16th June 1611.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday

Cap. cc.

An Act for building a Church in and for the Parkh of Newry, in the Counties of Down and Armagh.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. cci.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for ereAing a new Gaol and House 49 G.3. of Cotre&ion, and new Court Homes for the County Palatine of Durham, and making an equal County c.cxxxix. Rate for those Purposes.

[26th June 181 i.J

Cap. celi.

An Act for increasing the Rates on Coals conveyed on the River liehtn, in the County of Southampton; and for amending and rendering more effectual the ileveral Acts relating thereto.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. cciii.

An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money*for carrying into Execution the fetefal Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill\ and for raking Money on the Credit of the Orphans* Fluid for thtfe Purposes; and for extending the Powers of thesaidAAs.

[40, 000l.] [sCtb June 1811.]

ji Geo. III.

41

Cap.

16 & 17 Car. 2, c. 12.

PR.

7G. 3. c. 87.

35 G. 3. c. 86. 42 G. 3. c. cxi. 35 G. 3. c. 116.

38 G. 3. c. IxL

39 & 40 G. 3. c. xliu

42 G. 3. c. Ixxiif. 44 fr. 3. c. xxvii,

49 G 3* c. Ixxxiu

(5o6

33 G. 3. c. 166.

50 G. 3. c- xviii

7 Q-3- c. 91. 39 G. 3. c. 100.

4 G. 3.C. 43.

PR.

C. cciv — ccxiii. 5i° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Cap. cciv. t

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry to Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York. (a) ([26th June 1811.]

[<Additional Trujlets. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted

Cap. ccv.

An Act for repealing an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and maintaining the Road from the Eynef* ford Turnpike Road in the Parish of Shoreham in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Faniborough, leading from Seven Oaks to Bromley, in the said County.

[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Went*, in the County of Kent; and for making a Road therefrom into the Mereworth and Hadlow Road, in the same County, (b) [26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Act to confirm certain Articles of Agreement between the Most Noble John Duke of dtboll, the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Derby, the Right Reverend Claudius Lord Bishop of Sodor and Man, the Honourable Edward Stanley commonly called Lord Stanley, the Reverend Daniel Mylrea, William Scott, John Cofnahan, and the Clergy of the IJlc of Man; and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [26th June 1811.]

*Cap. ccviii.

An Act for extinguishing all Rights of Common and other Rights, in respect of the Glebe Land belonging to the Church of Harthill in the County of Chester, in, upon or under the uninclosed Waste Lands in

the Township of Harthill in the same County, and such other Lands in the same Township as have been

heretofore inclosed and taken from the Waste Lands in the same Township; and for veiling a Piece or Parcel of Land called Hook Loont, situate in the same Township (subject as therein mentioned), in the Very Reverend Hugh Cholmondeley and his Successors, perpetual Curates of Harthill aforesaid, in lieu and satisfaction of such Rights, (q. P.) [26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccix.

An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessee Thomas Brandon Esquire, not warranted by the Provisions of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the time being of their Estates in Newington, to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Premises; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) £26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccx.

An Act for vesting in the Trustees of the Charity Schools of the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon otherwise White Chapel, in the County of Middlesex, the legal Estate of Two undivided Third Parts, belonging to the said Charity Schools, in*a Farm and Lands at Sandon and Much Baddow, in the County of Essex; and to enable the said Trustees to perfect a Partition of the said Farm and Lands; and for other Purposes. (q. P.)^[26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxi.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the entailed Estate6 of Thomas Graham Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and to apply the Money to arise by such Sale in purchasing the Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands belonging to the said Thomas Graham in Fee Simple, and thereafter to entail those Lands freed from Incumbrances in lieu of those Parts of the entailed Estates hereby directed to be sold. (q.P.) [26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Act for vesting in the surviving Trustee3 of the Will of John Waflinger Hrnold Wallinger Esquire, deceased, in ancient Demesne to be holden of the Liberty, Honour or Manor of Havering attc Bower, in the County of Essex, a certain Estate called Hare Hall, m Trust to fell. (q. P.) [26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxiii.

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Two undivided Sixteenth Parts and One Thirty second Part, late of John Ulric Collins Esquire, deceased, of a certain Messuage, Farm and Lands in the Parishes of Tottenham and Edmonton in the County of Middlesex, in Trust, to convey the fame respectively unto William Horton Esquire, as to certain Parts thereof, and as to the remaining Parts, to James Clark Esquire, upon Payment by them respectively of a certain Sum of Money for the Purchase of the fame; and for inverting such Monies in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in the Names of the Trustees, for the Benefit of Charlotte Collins the Widow, and of the Infant Children of the said John Ulric Collins, the Devisees named in his Will. (q. P.)

[26th June 1811.]

12 Cap.

Cap. ccxiv.

An Act for exchanging an Estate belonging to Michael Hich Beach Esquire, in Fee, for Part of his Estate under Settlement* (q* P.) [26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxv.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between William Squire Esquire, and William Thomas Squire an Infant, of a Fee Simple Estate belonging to the said William Squire, and situate in the Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon, for an undivided Moiety, belonging to the said William Thomas Squire, in certain Public Houses and Lands, situate in the several Counties of Northampton, Lincolnr Huntingdon and the IJlc of Ely, in Camlridgeshire. (q. P.) [26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxvi.

An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands called the Stone Fields, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases thereof, (q. P.) [26th June 181 i.J

Cap. ccxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Berks. (q. P.)

[26th June 1811.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §16, 17, 18.

Cap. ccxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the United Parishes Sulhamjlead Abbotts and Sulhamjlead Bannijler otherwise Me ales, in the County of Berks. (q. P.) [26th June i8n ]

Cap. ccxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Waldingfeld cum Chilton, and Great Cornard, in the County of Suffolk. (q. P.) [26th June 1811.]

Cap. ccxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Kent Road, in the County of Surrey, to Deptford\ in the County of Kent; and a Branch therefrom, to HorJleydotwn, in the said County of Surrey. \b)

[1st July 1811.]

Cap. ccxxi.

An Act for dividing, and exonerating from Tithes, certain Lands in the Parish of Ecclesfeld, and West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [yth July 1811.]

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Seventh Day of January 1812, being the Sixth Session of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on PenGons, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Serrice of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[4th February 1812.]

XXXVI. PROVIDED always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, fenfiom to Pet-or be construed to extend, to charge or to authorize the deduding from or affeifing any Person under any of the font who h*ro Provisions of this Act, upon any Annuity, Pension or Stipend paid to such Person on account of his having " Minis-been or acted as a Minister or ReGdent at any foreign Court.

XXXIX. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein 30 G.s. c. 60.

fated, the several Sums of Money novo charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight (a), it was enacted, That the several Duties imposed on Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty ninth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and deter-

mine, unless the fame should be specially continued by Parliament; which said several Duties were, by an ' Ad made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, Wales, 39 G. 3. c.a.

and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff*, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and which, by several subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven t And whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, the said several 49G.3.e.9fT 4 Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties jpranted on Sugar in lieu thereof $ And whereas, by another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, certain of the said 43 G. 3. c. 69.

Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Duties granted by the said last recited Acts were continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven x

(a) [See 42 G. 3. r. 116. § l.J 52 Geo. TIL 4 K 4 And

6i©

Duties on Sugar, &c. continued.

44 G. 3. c. 61.

50 G. 3. c. 61.

43 G. 3. c. 132. §33.

On reweiehing Sugar of Martinique, &c. Deficiences ».ot chargeable with higher Duty than Sugar of British I'kntatijns.

49 G. 3. c. 7.

C. i, 2> 3* 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said. Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating to Licences ana Tobacco, were, by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve* Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall he and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the time limited as aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen 5 and all Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

[This Act) except the Clauses above inserted, isJimilar so 51 G. 3. c. 2.]

CAP. II.

An Act to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other conquered Hands in the West Indies, to be taken out of Warehouse on the Payment of the like Rate of Duty for Wade as British Plantation Sugar.

[4th February 1812.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and ^fariegwnte liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations, Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Hand of Martinique, imported into this Kingdom, is fubied to the Payment of such Duties, and also to such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by Law imposed and provided in the case of Importations of Sugar not of the British Plantations; and by another Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An ASfor making Sugar and Coffee of Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, liable to the same Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations, similar Provision is made as to Sugar the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Guadaloupe: And whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, when any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to be taken out of or from any Warehouse or Place in which the lame shall have been lodged or secured according to the Directions of the said Act, for the Purpose of Exportation, the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs are required tp re-examine the fame; and in case it shall appear on iuen Re-examination that the Quantity is less than the Quantity taken by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act at the first Examination thereof, then and in such calk the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the rerson or Persons intending to takeout the fame* are, before the feme are so delivered out of the Warehouse for the Purpose aforesaid, to make a due Entry of such deficient Quantity, and pay to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs the full Duties of Customs thereon: And whereas it would not be reasonable to subject the Importers, Proprietors or Consignees, or the Persons intending to take out of the Warehouses any such Sugar, the Growth^ Produce or Manufacture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Eustatia9 Saint Martin, Saba or Guadaloupe, to the Payment of the high Duties upon fuqh Deficiences Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever, upon the reweighing any Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Hands of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Eustatia % Saint Martin, Saba or Guadeloupe^ for the Purpose of Exportation, it shall appear that the Weight oiFthe Sugar is. left than when taken account of by the "proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at the first Examination thereof, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of such Sugar, or the Person or Persons intending to take out the fame, shall not be subject to the Payment of any higher Rate of Duty for the deficient Quantity than what is charged and payable upon the Importation of Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Brittish Plantations at the time the Sugar shall be reweighed for the Purpose of Exportation; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty* to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in thfe United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Waft made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation From Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

[7th February 1812.]

WHEREAS it it<expedient that an Act made in the Forty nmth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom for a limited Times should be revived and continued for a time to be limited, as for as the fame regards Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

9 and

GEORGII III.

C. 3. 611

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Act shall, and the fame it hereby, as for as the fame regards that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, and as far as the fame is not altered by this Act, revived, and shall remain and continue in force from thenceforth, until and upon the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty, at any time after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall hi His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, to permit the raking of Worts or Wash for Distillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or worn

Malt, Flour or Bran, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order in Council, to be published from time to time in The London Gazette, to 'permit and suffer ail and every Person or Persons (but not any particular Person or Persons), at 'any time or times, not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Wash for Distillation from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from any Malt, Flour or Bran; or in case His Majesty, at any time after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, further to continue the Prohibition of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order in Council, to be published from time to time in The London Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned; that is to say, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, during the Continuance of such Prohibition, no Worts or Wash for Distillation shall be made from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and evenr Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, shall, on or before the Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, distil into Spirits all the Worts or Wash brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain which shall, on the said Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be in his, her or their Custody or Possession, on Pain of forfeiting all such Wort or Wash which shall, after the said Twenty second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be found by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or be in the Custody or Possession of any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits 5 and no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall dissolve, mix or brew any Sugar for the making of Worts or Wash for extracting Spirits, until all the Worts or Wash brewed or made from Corn or Grain which shall have been in the Custody or Possession of such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, on the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall have been actually di(tilled into Spirits of the 3-cond Extraction, by the Space of Four Days at the least, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IV. And whereas an A.A Waa made in the said Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, yin AB to ftfpend the rmy^tion of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, which Act was further continued by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and was further continued by another Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas it is expedient that all the Provisiona for preventing the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respecti ly should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in the said Act intituled as last aforesaid contained, except as far as respects the Remission of the Penalty for the Forfeiture of any Spirits arriving in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, within a time therein limited, shall continue and be in force from the Commencement of this Act, until Four Months after the Expiration of the time which shall be fixed under the Authority of this Act, for prohibiting the Distillation of {Spirits from Grain in Great Britain.

4 V. And whereas during the Continuance of the Prohibition of the Diilillatton of Spirits from Cora or*Grain it will be expedient to encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar, and also to modify and regulate the Duties to be levied and the Drawbacks to be allowed Be it therefore enacted, That for and during the Period of time in which, by or under the Authority of this Act, tke Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited, all and Angular the Duties of Excise on Worts or Walk brewed or made in England or Scotland respectively, for extracting Spirits; and all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and on Aqua-vita or Strong Waters made or distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; and also the Duties on Licences on the Content or Capacity of Stills used or employed in Scotland, for making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits; and aHo all and singular the Duties on Spirits made or distilled in Ertglandand imported or brought from thence into Scotland, and vice versa; and also all and singular the Drawbacks on the Exportation of any such Spirits, shall be and the fame ase hereby suspended, lave and except in aH cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which shall or may remain unpaid; or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines,

4 K 2 Penalties

Revived, and

continued till Dec. 31, 1813.

His Miyeftymay, after Oct. 1. 1812, permit Distillation from Grain (Wheat excepted).

or may prohibit..*the Defoliation ftfe for a longer Period.

Distillen to distil Worn in Possession before Feb. Xi, 1813.

[Penalty.]

Not to dissolve Sugar till such Wort shall have been distilled Four Days.

[Penalty.]

49 G. 3. c. 8.

49 G. 8. c. 105.

50 G. 3. c. 5.$3.

Power* continued. Exception

Duties on Spirits distilled from Grain, and Drawbacks, suspended.

6l2

C. 3.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Use ol Material, except Oats, &c. in the brewing of Wort in Scotland, suspended.

When Prohibition cc&fcs, £uf-pended D.ities and Drawbacks revived.

Instead of suspended Duties, the following paid for Worts made from Sujfar, See.

+Sfc.

tSic.

Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the Day upon which such Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain shall commence and take effect.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Prohibition of the Use of any Material or Commodity whatso*.ever, in the making or brewing of Wort or Wash for diddling or extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, except Oats or Barley, or Bear or Bigg of the Growth of the said Highlands, shall also be suspended during the Period of time that the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall by or under the Authority of this Act be prohibited; any thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise not-with (landing.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid, of the Use of Corn and Grain in the Distillation of Spirit* shall cease and determine, all and singular the Duties, Drawbacks, Provisiona, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and also the Prohibition which by this Act are or shall be suspended, shall be revived, and the same are hereby in such case declared to revive and become in full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and indead of the Duties hereby suspended, there shall, during such Suspension, be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made for extrafling Spirits in England for Home Consumption from Sugar, an Excise Duty of One Shilling and Eight pence:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Wort or Wash brewed or made from Sugar, for extracting Spirits in the Lowlands of Schtland for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty of Eight pence Farthing:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for every higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or didiiled in the Lowlands of Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Wash from which such Spirits may be made or didiiled, an Excise Duty of Five pence:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or other Apparatus therewj&con-ne&ed, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be called or known, as nigh as the Strim can afeend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees^ which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of making or diddling Low Wines or Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, an Excise Duty of One hundred and sixty two Pounds f: For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Wort or Wadi brewed or made from Sugar for extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland for Consumption in the said Highlands, an Excise Duty of Seven pence;

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and lo in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength which shall be made or didiiled in the Highlands of Scotland for Consumption in the said Highlands, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be didiiled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Wort or Wash from which such Spirit may be made or didiiled, an Excise Duty of Five pence:

For every Gallon of English Wine Measure of the Cubical Content or Capacity of each cveiy Still, including the Head and every Part thereof and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or otb*- Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the fame may be call^A u» Known, as high as the Steam can afeend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of making or diddling Low Wines or Spirits f in the Highlands of Scotland for Consumption in the said Highlands, an Excise Duty of Five Pounds:

For every Gallon F»*tish Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, ana Jo in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or didiiled from Corn or Grain in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, an Excise Doty of Eight Shillings and Three pence:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of which an Account shall have been taken in pursuance of this A 6t, of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or didiiled from Corn or Grain in Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into England, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excite Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of all such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three ter Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny; and alfp a further Excise Duty, proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of the Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or didiiled in England from Sugar, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of Six Shillings and Three pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, made or didiiled in Scotland4torn Sugar, and imported and brought from thence into England,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 3. 613

to "be paiS by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of* Seven Shillings and Eleven pence Farthing:

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of all such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Duty of Seven Shillings and Eleven pence Farthing; and also a further Excise Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

For all Rum, Brandy, Spirits, Aqua-vita* or Strong Waters (except Rum of the Produce of the British Additional Duty Plantations), imported into Great Britain and for which the Duties chargeable thereon shall not have been on Rum, &o. not paid on the Fourteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or imported after that Day, 'f the Hr.tift an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum upon the Produce and Amount of the lan, Bl, 0MS-several Duties of Excise fmposed for or in respect thereof by any or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the pailing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that ^art ItotefcwiuW of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England <*J?m!?ouers for the time being; and that such Part thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* shall 0 Lxc, fc* be under the Management of the Commissioners of 'Excise in Scotland for the time being.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise in England* having any Still or Still House, Officer* of Excise or other PlaceTifed for the Purpose of making or distilling Spirits under his Survey, shall keep exact Accounts to allew Distillers in his Books of all Worts and Walh whereon the Duties are by this Act imposed, and shall in his said Books

give unto the several Distillers, or Makera of Spirits under his Survey, Credit of Twenty one Gallons of Gdlowof Spirits Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Woits or ofoneto loovet Walh Brewed or made from Sugar, by such Distiller or Distillers, during such time as such Distiller or Distil- Proof for 100 lers shall continue to work or distil Spirits from Sugar. Gallons of Wort.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in Scotland shall be charged with, and pay the several Piftillw* In and respective Duties by this Act imposed on Spirits made in Scotland* for the Confamption of Scotland* at Scotland allowed and after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash brewed ge^°Portion or made from Sugar by any inch Distiller; and every such Distiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits °nnts*

for Twenty one Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Worts or Wash as aforesaid, brewed or made, and actually distilled into Spirits by such Distiller.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in England shall make, distil, extrad or produce Distillers in Eng-

any^Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Twenty one Gallons for every One hundred Gallons

of Wort or Walh brtewed or made from Sugar as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall pay Duty for-all such pIO-

Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid 5 that is to say, at and after the Rate of Seven Shillings and Eleven portion 7s. 1 lfd. pence Farthing for every Gallon of such Excess, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer per Gallon* Proof.

Yrtx* And b« farther enacted, That every Distiller who shall make or distil Spirits in England* for Ex- After what Pro-portation from thence \uUnd % or who shall make or distil Spirits in Scotland for Exportation from Distillers

thence to England shall for every One nttnO»^C«ilon^ of Wort or Wash brewed or made from Sugar, for making or extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the proper Officer or so"Exponation Officers of Excise, and duly export to Scotland or England* as the case may .require, at least Twenty one Gallons to either Country Of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and in every case where the Produce of shall produce Spirits extracted and produced to the Sight of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and duly exported as Spirits, &c. aforesaid, shall fall short of the Proportion aforesaid, every such Distiller or Distillers shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby made chargeable with, and shall pay for every Gallon of Spirits which shall so fall short or be deficient, a Duty of Twenty Shillings.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, until the First Day of December One thousand No Entry of eight hundred and twelve, no Person or Persons shall be permitted to make Entry of any House or Houses, House for dif-or Place or Places iu England* for making or distilling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Scotland* fro^Su^for nor shall any Person or Persons be permitted to make Entry of any House or Houses, or Place or Places fucbE^rtation in Scotland* for making or distilling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to England* save and except permitted, but such House or Houses, or Place or Places, as shall have been duly entered and employed, or used for making what has been and distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain for such Exportation from England to Scotland or from Scotland to ^rca<B entered England* as the case may require, between the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven and the passing of this Act 5 nor shall any Person or Persons be permitted to make, in any such entered House ConT"*or Houses, Puce or Places, or to export a Number of Gallons of Spirits within the Year, from the Com- Restrictionas to mencement of such Entry on the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven, beyond the Quantity of Quantity which such Person or Persons would have been entitled to have made from Corn or Grain, and to Spirit* exported, have exported from England to Scotland or from Scotland to England* as the case may require, if the Distillation from Corn or Grain had not been prohibited, farther than the Excess of Produce of Spirits from Sugar Wash above the Produce of Spirits from Corn Wa(hr computing such Produce at and after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons, of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for fivery Hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh made or distilled from Com during such Portion of the Year as such Distiller or Distilleft shall have been making or distilling from Corn since the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh to be distilled from Sugar during such Period of the present Year of our Lord, as

' such

Distillers in Lowlands of Scotland producing certain Quantity of Spirits accordiitg to Contents of Still, Licence to cease. Distillers in Highland producing certain Quantity of Spirits according to Contents of Still, Licence to cease.

In what case Distillers in England not liable to Penalty for discontinuing to work. Allowance to Distiller in Scotland, in case Quantity of Spirits limited by Licence be not produced, &c.

Licence granted in Scotland for Stilla for distill-ing Spirits from Sugar.

Restrictions as to granting Licences.

Limiting the Time for making Entry of Spirits for Exportation, &c.

Entry for Exportation of Spirits from Com within 30 Days from Period when Prohibition shall cease, &c.

nted

C. 3. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

such DifUller or Distillers (Kail continue to make or distil Spirits from Sugar from and after the said Eighth Day of February Ooe thousand eight hundred and twelve, until the time at which the annual Entry of such House or Houses, or Place or Placet, would hare expired; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Seepost. c. 118. $. i.J

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any DifUller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wash from Sugar, sufficient to produce Two thousand twenty five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Lioence granted to such DifUller in the said Lowlands, computing Twenty one Gallons of such Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, then and in every such case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed or made and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wash from Sugar, fuffideot to produce Seventy five Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capadty of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller in the said Highlanas, computing Twenty one Gallons of such Spirits at the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash, then and in every such case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no EKfttller in England shall be subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Prosecution, for discontinuing to work, provided such discontinuing is or shall be occasioned by the Expiration or other Termination of the Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distillation by or under the Authority of Parliament; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and they are hereby authorised and required in case of the Termination, by or under the Authority of Parliament, of the Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Gram in the Distillation of Spirits, or of the Revival of the Laws which allow the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain before any licensed Distiller in Scotland shall have distilled into Spirits the full Quantity of Wort or Wash, to which the Licence of any such Distiller shall be limited, to pay and allow to such Distiller out of the Duties arising by the Distillery in Scotland a Sum of Money equal to that which shall or may have been paid in advance by nioh Distiller, over and above the Quantity of Wort or Wash made and Spirits actually distilled under and by virtue of any such Licence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissionera of Excise

in Scotland to license any Still or Stills in Scotland for the Purpose of distilling Spirits from Sugar after the Distillation from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited, provided that no such Licence to be granted in the prefect Year of our Lord shall be granted to commence or take effect before the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve next, and no such Licence which shall be granted after the said present Year shall be granted to commence and take effect before the first Day of December next enfoit'& Ulc thereof; nor shall any such Licence be of any Validity or have any Fore* «*2^ untiU all the Wort or Wash brewed or made from Corn or Grain in th* ui ronefflon of the Person or Persons to whom any such Licence shall be granted, shall have been actually distilled into Spirits of the Second Extraction, by the Space of Four Days at the lead*; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorize the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences until the First Day of December in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to any Person or Persons, or to any House or House6, Place or Places for dissolving or mixing Sugar for extracting Spirits in Scotland for the Consumption in Scotland, excepting to such Person or Persons, or House or Houses, or Place or Places, which, from the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall have been lioenced, and shall hove be* gun and continued to make Spirits from Com for such Consumption in Scotland; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers in England or Scotland respectively shall be allowed to make Entry for, or to make or distil any Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scoland to England, at any other time than from and after the First Day of December iu each Year of our Lord after the present Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Prohibition as aforesaid, of the Use of Com and Grain in the Distillation of Spirits, shall cease and determine, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons in England or Scotland respectively to make Entry for, and to make or distil Spirits from Cora and Grain for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any time within Thirty Days from the Period when such Prohibition shall cease and determine: Provided also, that no such Entiy shall have effect for any longer Period than untU the First Day of October then next ensuing, nor shall any such Entry be made or admitted while any Spirits distilled from Sugar, or any Materials for such Distillation shall be remaining on any Part of the Premises of such Distiller or Distillers; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them, or to or for the respective Collectors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, by and with the Leave and Approbation of the said Commissioners, to grant a Licence

or

52° GEORGII III.

C. 3. 615

or Licences to any Porfox or Persons, to make or difol Spirits from Sugar, during any Period in which the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be prohibited; and also to grant Licences in like manner to any Person or Persons to make or difol Spirits from Corn or Grain, at any time after the Distilktion of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall, by or under the Authority of Parliament, be permitted or allowed: Provided also, that no such kft mentioned Licence shall be granted to take efted before the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, nor for any longer Period than until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwith-fbukkng.

XXIV. And be it farther enacted, That if any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in Great Britain shall, during Inch Prohibition as aforesaid of the Use of Corn or Grain in the Distilktion of Spirits, make use of or employ any Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatsoever, in brewing, making or preparing Wort or Wash for Difolktion, fare and except pure Yeast necessary for fermenting the Wort or Wash, and five and except Sugar in the State in which the same shall have been imported into this Kingdom, and without the fame having been previously diluted with Water or other Liquor, or undergone any Process or Manufacture whatever to alter the fame, every DifoUer or Maker of Spirits so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Servant of any such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, and every other Person who, during such Prohibition of the Use of Corn or Grain as aforesaid, shall be aiding or assisting in the Use of any other Material, Commodity, Article or Thing whatsoever hi brewing, making or preparing of Wort or Wash for Difollatkro, or in the making or distilling of any Spirits, except pure Yeast nod Sugar as aforesaid, shall also, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in Default of Payment shall suffer Three Months Impnfooment.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall at any time while he, she or they shall have in his, her or their Custody any Wort or Wash for Defoliation made or prepared from Sugar, or while he, she or they shall be preparing or making any Wort or Wash from Sugar, or aifolltng or extracting Low Wines or Spirits from Wort or Wash so made or prepared, take or receive into or have or keep in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Molasses exceeding the Quantity of One Pound, nor any Wheat, Barley, Malt, Oats, Rye, Bear or Bigg, which shall have been ground, excepting Malt not exceeding Five Quarters, or Wheat Meal or Wheat Hoar not exceeding Five Bushek, nor any Beer Grounds, Brewers Tilts, or Worts or Wash made or prepared from any Material or Commodity whatsoever, except Sugar, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall take or receive into his, her or their Custody or Possession, for the Purpose of Distilktion into Spirits, any Quantity of Sugar left than One reputed Tierce or Hogshead, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall receive or take into his Custody or Fofiefion any Sugar for Distilktion into Spirits, he, she or they shall give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, specifying the true Number of Tierces or Hogshead* of Sugar intended to be received or taken in, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons from whom such Sugar is to be received, and the Day on which it is intended to be taken in; and if any Distiller or Maker or Spirits shall have Occasion to fell or fend ont any Sugar, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall, m like manner, give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing of his Intention to send out such Sugar, and shall specify in every such Notice the true Quantity of Sugar intended to be sent out, and the time when such Sugar is intended to be sent out or delivered, and the Name of the Person to whom and the Place to which such Sugar is intended to be fent5 and if any DifoUer or Maker of Spirits shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall receive into or fend or deliver out of his Custody or Possession any Sugar without having given such previous Notice in Writing as aforesaid, every such Distiller or Maker of Spirits shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Prohibition of the Use of Corn and Grain in the Distilktion of Spirits as aforesaid, no Pterion shall be permitted to make use of any Still or Still House, or other Place or Places, or Utensils in England, for extracting or distilling Spirits from Sugar which, within' Two Years immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, shall nave been used or employed in rectifying or compounding of Spirits, save and except the Stills, Still Houses, Utensils and Places used by Sir William Bijhof and George Bijhoto at Kaidfione, in the County of Kent; and also save and except the Stills, Still Houset, Utensils and Places, used at the In donee and under the Employment of the Commissioners of Excise in England, for the Pwpose of rediflying or compounding Spirits seized by the Officers of the Customs and Excise, nor shall any Person be permitted to make or difol any Spirits whatsoever for the Confomption of England during the said Prohibition, in any Still of left Capacity or Content than Three tfceufaad Gallons, unless in the case of any Dtftilkror Distillers who, within One Year immediately preceding the passing of this Act, shall have in his entered Distillevy used or employed a Still duly entered of less Content for the Distilktion of Spirits from Corn or Gram; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall make Entry or Use of any Distil House or Premises except as hereinbefore excepted, every such Entiy shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and all and every Person or Periods who (kail make use of any such Difol House or Premises for the distilling or making of Spirits, shall be subject and liable to all the Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, to which the Proprietor of any private or concealed Still, Back or other Vessel discovered or found by any Officer or Officers of Excise for the making, preparing or keeping Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, or other Materials preparing for Distilktion, is or may W subject or liable under or by virtise of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act.

from Sugar; and after Prohibition shall cease. Licence* granted for distilling Spirits from Grain, &c.

Using any other Thing than Sugar, except Yeast, in preparing Wort for DiiUlkbon, during ftohi-bition.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Distillers haring in Custody Molasses or Grain beyond Quantity herein mentioned.

[Penalty.]

Not to take left than a Hogshead of Sugar. Penalty.

Notice to Officer before Sugar is taken or sent out by the Dif-tiUer.

[Penalty.]

No Stills used in England (except those used by Sir W. Bishop, &c.) which within Two Years Audi have been used in rectifying Spirits; nor shall Still be used for Distillation of Spirits for Home Consumption in England, of left Content than 3, 000 Gallons, &c.

[Penalty.]

6i6

Account taken of Spirits made in Scotland for Exportation to England, &c.

C. 3.

52° GEORGII IIf.

A.D. 1812.

Licences in Scotland to retail Spirits distilled from British Materials, to authorize the Sale of any other Spirits. Duties levied as former Duties.

former Acts in force.

Exception.

Penalties how recovered.

Duties to be Pjrid into the Exchequer.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the passing of this Act as any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in Scotland, for Exportation to England, shall have oeased working or making Spirits from Cora or Grain, it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to cause an exact and true Account to be taken by Quantity and Strength, of all the Spirits made in Scotland for Exportation to England, and which shall be at such time remaining in Scotland, and shall cause such Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excise in England; and all such Spirits as may be legally imported from Scotland into England shall be accompanied with a regular Permit or regular Permits, specifying whether such Spirits were made or distilled from Corn or from Sugar; and such Spirits as shall have been distilled or made from Corn shall, upon importation into England, be charged and chargeable with all the Duties to which such Spirits are or were subject and liable at and immediately before the passing of this Act; any thing herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Licences duly granted in Scotland to retail Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain or other British Materials, shall be sufficient to authorize and empower all Persons having any such Licence to retail Spirits distilled or made in Great Britain from any Materials whatsoever, without Payment of any other or further Duty than is by Law payable for Licences to retail Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain; any thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it farther enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall (except as herein otherwise Specially directed or provided) be raised, levied, collected, recovered, secured and paid, by such Persons, at such times and in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under such Management, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Rules and Directions, and by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as before excepted), as the several and respective Duties on Worts or Wash for Distillation, and on Licences upon Stills, and also on Spirits, are or were provided, prescribed or directed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before and at the time of paiEng this Act, in relation to the Duties on Wort or Wash, or Spirits, or Licences upon Stills, or for the Security or due Collection of the said last mentioned Duties, or for preventing Frauds or Evasions thereof, or for the Regulation of the Distilleriet; and all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the said Acts (except as before excepted), shall be practised and put in Execution, for ascertaining, raising, receiving, levying, recovering, Securing or paying the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed, in manner in the Said Acts directed, as rally and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the distilling or making Spirits in England or Scotland, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein, (Save and except the Duties and Drawbacks by this Act expressly suspended, and Save and except So far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers or Authorities therein contained or granted, are expressly repealed, suspended, revoked, altered, contracted or controlled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the rrovisions herein contained) but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the several rrovisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non-observance of the fame (except as aforesaid), shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fiue, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, difoover or sue for the same.

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, as Part of the Duties arising from the Distillation of Spirits 1, Be it therefore enacted, That as soon as convenient after the Fifth Day of Atril* the Fifth Day of July* the Tenth Day of October* and the Fifth Day of January* in each Year 5 and also as soon as convenient after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them in England shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, the Number of Gallons of Wort or Wash made or prepared from Sugar for Distillation into Spirits in England, and the Quantity of Sugar used and employed in making or preparing such Wort or Walh, reckoning or computing One Hundred Weight of Sugar for every Fifty seven Gallons of Wort or Wash so made or prepared as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners of Customs in England shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, to pay or cause to be paid out of the Money arising by the Duties on Sugar to the Person appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England to receive the Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London* a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Customs, on the Sugar so computed to have been used or employed in the making or preparing such Quantity of Wort or Walh for Distillation as aforesaid: and the Receipt of the Person To appointed by the Commimoners of Excise in England\ to receive the Duties

A.D. 181j. 54° GEORGII III. C. 3, 4

Duties of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London^ shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Person ordered by them to pay over the said Money; and as loon as convenient after the before mentioned Quarter Days respectively, and also after the Expiration or other Termination of this Act, the Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them in Scotland, shall certify to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, the Number of Gallons of Spirits made or distilled in Scotland, and the Quantity of Sugar used in diddling or making such Spirits, reckoning or computing One hundred Weight of Sugar for every Twelve Gallons of Spirits so charged with Duty as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, on the Receipt of such Certificate, to pay, or cause to be paid, out of any Money arising by the Duties on Sugar, to the Receiver General of Excise in Scotland, a Sum of Money equal to the full Duties of Customs, on the Sugar so computed to have been used or employed in the distilling or making such Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid, and the Receipt of the said Receiver General of Excise in Scotland shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners of Culioma in Scotland, or to the Person ordered by them to pay over the said Money.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising from the Duties by this Act imposed, including the Duties or Sums of Money directed to be paid over by the Commissioners of Customs, shall from time to time (the r.eceflary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at We/lminjlcr9 and Three fourth Parts of the said Money shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the other One fourth Part of the said Money shall be kept separate and apart from the other Branches of the Public Revenue; and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all Money arising by the last mentioned One fourth Part of the Money aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said last mentioned One fourth Part of the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall from time to time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued, and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or shall be voted by the Commons for the Ser* vice of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now and for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

XXXVI. And whereas by the passing of this Act and the Commencement thereof, another Act, made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of D if illation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain, will become operative, if not repealed, and it is expedient to repeal the fame; Be it therefore enacted, That the said last mentioned Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXVII. And whereas it is also expedient to repeal another Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Continuance of lAccnfes for distilling Spirits from Sugar in the Lowlands of Scotland Be it therefore enacted, That the said last mentioned Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any licensed Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland, to deliver up to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his or their Licence, to be vacated or altered on the Terms and Conditions, and at the time and in such manner as immediately before the passing of an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit th0 Dtjlillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain for a limited Time, were, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force directed for vacating or altering Licences, granted for the making or distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain for Home Consumption in the said Lowlands; any thing herein or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary not with (landing.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and shall remain and continue in force during the Term that the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain shall be and remain in force.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten milliohs five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[7th February 1812.]

44 TREASURY may raise j£io, coo, oooo by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. §1, a. 44 Treasury to apply the Money raised. §3. Principal of said Bills charged on first Supplies of next Session. 44 $ 4. Interest thereon of 3 l2d.per Cent. per Diem. $ f. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &c. after April c. 1813. (6 Bank of England empowered to advance jfc'6, 500, 000 on the Credit of this Act, <* notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. &M. c. 20. — §7. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §8.

Duties paid into Exchequer.

48 G. 3. c.ijrv

repealed.

50G.3. c. 79.

repealed.

Distillers in Lowlands of Scotland may deliver up Licences ro be vacated.

48G.3. e.lit.

[Commencement of Act.]

Aft varied or repelled thi* Sell ion.

5a Gzo. III.

41-

618 C. 5, 6. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

CAP. V.

An Act: for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[7 th February 1812.]

u TREASURY empowered to raise £1, 5001000 by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3-- " c. I. §1.2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. §3. Principal of said Bills charged on First Supplies of*44 next Section. §4. An Interest thereon of tier Cent, per Diem. §5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, &c. after April 5, 1813. §6. Bank of England empowered to advance 4? 1, 500, 000 on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 and 6 W.& M. c. 20. — §7. A A may be altered or repealed this Session. §8.

CAP. VI.

An Act for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

[11th February 1812.]

May it please Your Most Excellent Majesty;

WHEREAS the Continuance of the severe Indisposition with which it has pleased God to affiift the King's Most Excellent Majesty, renders it necessary to make increased Provision for the due

Arrangement of His Majesty's Household, and for the Exercise, in the Name and on the Behalf of His 4. Majesty, of the Royal Authority during such IllnefsWe Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aavice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Grant to His assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there be granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance Majesty during of His Indisposition, over and above the several Sums of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, One hundred His Indisposition; thousand Pounds, and Sixty thousand Pounds respectively, granted by Three several Acts, passed in the

*o^bet^a[d^Urn Eirft, Seventeenth and Forty fourth Years respectively of His present Majesty, the further Revenue or

of Consolid°ated 1 Yearly Rent of Seventy thousand Pounds, to commence from the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand Fund. eight hundred and twelve; and that the same shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the

1 G 3. c. 1. Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, in like manner and according to the same Rules, and under the fame

17 G. 3. c. 21. Powers, Authorities and Provisions, as the said several Sums aforesaid are now paid, as if all the Powers, 44 G. 3. c. 8o. provisions and Clauses relating thereto, were re-enacted in this Act.

II. And whereas His Royal Highness the Prince Regent has been graciously pleased to declare His

Intention of transferring the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, issued annually from the Exchequer to Hi*

Royal Highness by virtue of His Majesty's Royal Warrant under His Privy Seal, bearing Date the

Seventh Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty three, in Aid of the Revenues of the

Part of Sum*Civil List* Be it therefore enacted, That during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, the

usually issued said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds directed by His Majesty's said Warrant of the Seventh Day of November out of Civil List One thousand seven hundred and eighty three to be issued annually from the Exchequer to His said Royal R ^nnmder Highness, shall, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, be placed and carried in the \Yzrrant*0/His Exchequer to the Account of the Civil List, and make Part of the Civil List Revenues, instead of being Majesty, re- issued and paid as directed by the said Warrant.

tained in Ex- 4

III. And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

chequer as Part*/{n jor tJje letter Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of

RevenuesUnited Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Accounts laid*Revenues: And whereas since the passing of the said Act, the Civil List Revenue has not, in anyone

before Parlia- 4 Year, been equal to the Charges on the Civil List, and such Excess of Charge above the Revenue has,

roent < f any upon an Average of the Years since the passing of the said Act, amounted to about One hundred and twenty

Excels of Charge < four thousand Pounds, but as such Deficiencies have been supplied from time to time by the Application

Defici"nci'esraSC*EroPorri°ns of the Sums arising from Droits of Admiralty, and the Surplus of the Hereditary

44 G. 3. c. 8o.*Revenues of His Majesty in Scotland not applied in Payment of the Civil Establishment in Scotland, and which are declared to belong to and be it His Majesty's Disposal by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth8 G. 3. c. 33.*Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customx

and Excise payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, Germany and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wincy and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain), and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages the Mavufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported dire ft ly from thence; for obviating 4 a Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland, as were necessary for that Purpose; and no Arrear therefore has arisen to be laid before Parliament under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient and proper that an Account should be laid before Parliament, from time to time, of any Excess of Charges upon the Civil List, beyond such Average Amount* Be it therefore enacted, That whenev r the Amount of the Deficiency of the Civil List Revenues shall exceed such Average as aforesaid, , by the Sum of Tcu thousand Pounds, the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Corarailiioners for executing the

13 Office

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 6, 7, 8. 619

Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall cause an Account of such Deficiency of the Civil List Revenue to be laid before Parliament, within One Month after the same shall have arisen, if Parliament shall be then fitting $ or if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within One Month after the ne.it Sitting of Parliament.

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expences incident to the Assumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, [i tth February 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for defraying the Expences incident to the r AfTumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty Therefore We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be cradled; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be ico.cool. v issued, applied and paid, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies grapted or which may be granted in this grated to th* Session of Parliament, to His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds Prince Regent, free and clear from all Fees and Deductions whatever; and that the Acquittance or Receipt of His said

Royal Highness shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Payment of the said Money.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indisposition; and for the Care oftHis Majesty's Real and Personal Property; and to amend an Act of the la ft Session of Parliament, to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness.

[ 11 th February 1812.]

WHEREAS the Continuance of the severe Indisposition with which it has pleased God to afflict the

\\ King's Most Excellent Majesty, renders it necessary to make further Regulations for the Arrange-

ment of His Majesty's Household, and for the Exercise of the Royal Authority during such Illness; and for enabling Her Most Excellent Majesty the Queen, to meet the increased Expence to which, in consequence of such Indisposition, Her Majesty may be exposed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Eighteenth P*rt of House-Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and during the Continuance of His Majesty's In- ko?d ?tlcnd disposition, the First Gentleman of His Majesty's Bed Chamber (commonly called the Groom of the Stole), anj be w^<fr the Vic£ Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, Four of the Direction of and Gentlemen, and Four of the Grooms of His Majesty's Bed Chamber, the Master of His Majesty's Robes, appointed or His Majesty's Equeries and Pages, together with a Private Secretary of Her Majesty, and Secretary to the felefled by Her Groom of the Stole, and such Number of Attendants and Servants as may be requisite and suitable for the Majesty. due Attendance on His Majesty's Sacred Person, shall be appointed, by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, or selected and chosen from the respective Departments of His Majesty's present Household, and shall be stole, under the foie Direction and Controul of Her Majesty, for the Care and Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and the regulating, ordering and managing all Things relating thereto; and Her said Majesty shall have the full and foie Power and Authority to order and direct all Matters and Things relating to the Management of such Part of His Majesty's Household, as shall be iu Attendance upon His Majesty's Person as above directed, and the respective Duties and Attendances of all such Officers of the Household and Attendants and Servants aforesaid, and shall also have full Power and Authority, by any Instrument or Irtftru-inents in Writing signed and sealed by Her Majesty, to remove, nominate and appoint, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, all the Persons who shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Person, and in like manner to supply all Vacancies arising by Removal, Resignation or Death of any such Officers of the Household, or Attendants and Servants or Persons aforesaid, except such as have heretofore been usually nominated and appointed by the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, or the Master of His Majesty's Horse, or the Master of His Majesty's Robes respectively; and the said First Gentleman of His Majesty's Bed Chamber, commonly called the Groom of the Stole, so appointed to attend upon His Majesty's Person, shall nominate and appoint to all such Vacancies as shall arise by Removal,

Resignation or Death of any such Officers, Attendants or Servants aforesaid, as have heretofore been nominated or appointed by the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward respectively of His Majesty's Household, or by the Master of the Horse to His Majesty; and such Groom of the Stole shall have all such Jurisdiction, Power and Authority, over such Officers, Attendants and Servants, as have heretofore been and are now usually exercised by the Lord Chamberlain and Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household re. fuedively, and by the Master of the Horse to His Majesty.

r*4 L 2' It. And

f$2(3

Vice Chamberlain may, by order of Her Majesty, act for Groom of the Stole in his Ab&Bce.

Remainder of Household to attend upon the Regent; and if Regent appoint other Persons in lieu of those iu Attendance upon His Majesty, they are to have like Salaries.

The Regent to have all Regal Prerogatives.

% G. 3. c. 82.

Royal Assent to Bills not retrained.

51 G.3 c.i.

§n.

Repealed.

Sum paid annually out of Civil List Revenue before all other Payments, for Eapence of His Majestys Personal Household.

22 G. 3. C. 8l.

Account of Application of such Sum laid before Treasury, who maydireft Application of Surplus.

Sum paid to Her Majesty out of Civil List during His Majesty's iilness, to meet

C. 8. j2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, to order and direct the Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household to ad in the Absence of the Groom of the Stole aforesaid. for such Groom of the Stole, or during any Vacancy of the Office of such Groom of the Stole, as if he was specially deputed for that Purpose, and to perform all the Duties of the said Office during such Absence or Vacancy; and all such Acts, Matters and Things done, or Orders given by such Vice Chamberlain during such Absence of such Groom of the Stole, or the Vacancy of such Office, shall be as valid, and have the lame Effect, as if done or given by the said Groom of the Stole i Provided always, That such Vice Chamberlain shall not remove or appoint any Officers, Attendants or Persons, of such Part of His Majesty's Household as shall be under the Jurisdiction of the Groom of the Stole, during any Absence of the Groom of the Stole, unless he have special Authority for that Purpose from the Groom of the Stole, or the said Office shall be vacant.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the other Officers, Attendants and Servants, belonging to or making Part of, or attached to His Majesty's Household, and not placed by this Act under the Direction and Controul of Her Majesty, shall, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness, be under and subject to the Removal, Appointment, Controul and Direction of, and be in Attendance upon His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, exercising the Royal Authority in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, in their respective Offices, according to their respective Duties, in like manner as they have heretofore been accustomed to attend upon His Majesty; and if His Royal Highness the Prince Regent shall think fit to appoint, and shall appoint, or shall order and direct the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Steward, or Master of the Horse, to appoint any Groom of the Stole, or other Officer, Attendant or Servant, to be in Attendance upon His Royal Highness as Regent in the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, in lieu of any like Officer, Attendant or Servant, who may have been appointed or selected under the Provisions of this Act, to be in personal Attendance upon His Majesty, all such Officers, Attendants and Servants, so appointed by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, shall, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness, be entitled to the fame Salaries, Wages, Profits and all other Emoluments, as <he like Officers and Attendants in His Majesty's Household are by Law, Usage or Custom entitled to, and shall be paid in the fame Class under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contraQed upon his Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness, and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, as in any manner restrains His Royal Highness the Prince Regent from giving the Royal Assent to any Bill or Bills in Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act, and during the whole of the Period in which His Royal Highness the Prince Regent shall remain in the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, His Royal Highness the Prince Regent shall be entitled to use and enjoy, and shall have all such and the like Privileges, Immunities and Exemptions as have been used and enjoyed by His Majesty, and shall in all Suits and Actions sue and be sued in such and the same manner as His Majesty can or does sue and is sued.

V. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Civil List Revenues in Four quarterly Payments, the First Payment to be made on the Fifth Day of April next, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the said Eighteenth Day of February and the said Fifth Day of April; and such Payments shall be made to the First Gentleman of His Majesty's Bed Chamber or Groom of the Stole appointed under the Provisions of this Act to attend His Majesty's Sacred Person, for the defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majesty, and such Portion of Flis Household aforesaid as shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and shall be made in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, any thing in an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the Contrary notwithstanding 5 and such Payments shall be made out of any Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer, applicable to the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establishment, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or other Charges, Fees or Deductions whatsoever, and the Acquittances or Receipts of the said Groom of the Stole shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Offices of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Application of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, so directed to be issued to and appropriated by the Groom of the Stole in Attendance upon His Majesty's Person, shall from time to time, when the same shall be required, and if not required oftener, once in each Year at the lead, such Year to commence on the Fifth Day of April in each Year, be laid before the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, who, or any Three or more of them, shall direct the Application of any Surplus, if any shall remain, so as that the Surplus shall go and be applied to the Civil Lilt Revenues, for the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establishment.

VII. And whereas it is proper that Provision should be made to enable Her Majesty to meet the increased*Expence to which, in consequence of His Majesty's Indisposition, Her Majesty may be exposed; Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid to Her Majesty, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indife position, out of the Revenues, or Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer applicable to the

Purposes

A.D. 181a, 52° GEORGII III. C. 8. 621

Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establishment, an annual Sum or yearly Rent of Ten thousand Pounds, to increased commence from the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to be paid in Expences. quarterly Payments, the first Payment to be made on the Fifth Day of April next, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the said Eighteenth Day of February and the said Fifth Day of Aprils and that the same shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of any Sums of Money in the Exchequer applicable to the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establishment, next after the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and in preference to all other Payments, and free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates,

Assessments or any Charge, Fees, or other Deduction whatever, in like manner as any Sums now payable out of the Civil Lilt Revenues to Her Majesty are paid; and the like Acquittances or Receipts as are now given for the Payment of any Money payable to Her Majesty out of the Civil List Revenues, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of the said Money.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Keeper of His 51 G. 3. C.U.

Majesty's Privy Purse was directed, out of the Sixty thousand Pounds issued to him as Keeper of His §^7*

Majesty's Privy Purse, to apply certain Sums, not exceeding Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one

Pounds yearly, and Four thousand two hundred and fifteen Pounds quarterly, in manner directed by the said Act: And whereas the said respective Sums have been found to be inadequate to the Purposes for which they were respectively directed to be applied, by the Sum of Three thousand and eighteen Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence for Annual Pensions and Allowances heretofore accustomed to be paid and applied

under the immediate Direction and Authority of His Majesty, and the further Sum of Five thousand five hundred and eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eleven Pence for occasional Payments for the last Year,

making together the Sum of Eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for the Payment of such Expences and Charges as have been hitherto incurred, and may hereafter be incurred, for Medical Advice, Attendance and Assistance, necessary for His Majesty during his Indisposition, and the Expences incident thereto: And whereas it is reasonable that such Expences should be paid out of the Surplus of the Privy Purse, after Payment of such Sum as aforesaid, and out of the Net Surplus of the Revenue of the Duchy of Lancaster, and

4 it is therefore necessary that further Provision should be made in that Behalf* Be it therefore enacted, That Further Sumt the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, issued annually to the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, shall be issued from in the same manner as heretofore, and the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, and he is hereby pa^ts^ere-authorized anddirefled, out of any Money in his Hands as Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, or (landing tofore^fually in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the I?ank of England, under the said recited A<5 made by Hi* of the last Session of Parliament, to issue and pay to such Person as shall be appointed by Her Majesty to Majesty, and receive the same, the said Sum of Eight thousand five hundred twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Application of Four Pence, in Addition to the Annual and Quarterly Sums issued under the said Act as aforesaid, to make SuHusef up the Inadequacy of the said Sums, and be applied, paid and accounted for, in like manner as required by the RcVCnu«of said Act as to such Quarterly Sums; and the said Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, and he is Dutchy of hereby authorized and directed, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, out of the Monies Lancaster* issued to him, to make such Payments, and to continue to issue and apply a Sum not exceeding in the Whole in the Year the said Sum of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds, as directed by the said Act; and also any Sums not exceeding Four thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds in each Quarter, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Four thousand two hundred and fifteen Pounds in the said Act specified, in manner and for the Purposesby the said Act directed, as to the said annual Sum of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds, and quarterly Sum of Four thousand two hundred and fifteen Pounds respectively; and after applying such Sums in each Year or Quarter as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds issued to the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, together with such Sum as shall be required, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds in each Year, from the net Surplus of the Revenues of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, shall from time to time be applied in the Payment of all such Charges and Expences as shall arise from the Medical Advice, Attendance and Assistance, which may be required for His Majesty during the Continuance of his Indisposition, and any incidental Expences relating thereto; and the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, after Payment of such Sum of Eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence aforesaid to make up the Inadequacy of such annual and quarterly Sums as aforesaid, apply the Remainder of all Monies which shall be in his Hands as Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, and the Remainder of all Monies which shall be (landing in his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and also of the Produce of such Public Funds or Government Securities as shall have been purchased with the Remainder of the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, and net Surplus of the Revenues of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, under the Provisions of the said Act, in the Payment of such Expences and Charges as shall have already accrued in respect of such Medical Advice and Assistance, and incidental Expences as aforesaid 5 and after applying such Sums, and making such Payments as aforesaid, the Surplus (if any) in each Year shall be paid to the Commissioners appointed under this Act for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Estate, to be by them applied as the other Produce of His Majesty's Personal Estate is directed to be applied: Provided always, that if in any succeeding Year the Surplus of such Privy Purse, and of the Reve- Provifa nues of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall not be sufficient to pay such Expences as aforesaid, the Keeper of the Privy Purse shall be entitled to demand, and is hereby authorized and required to demand, and the said Commissioners are hereby directed to repay, any Sum, or any such Part or Proportion of any Sums, which shall have been so paid over in any prior Year out of any Personal Estate of His Majesty under their Care and Direction,

6 21

C. 8.

ji' GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Authorities for Payment of Money out of Privy Purse for

as may be sufficient to pay such Expences; and the Sums so repaid shall be applied in the Repayment of such Expences as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Authorities for the Payment of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse of such Sum of Eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence as aforesaid, and of such Quarterly Sums aforesaid, shall be given to the Person appointed by Her Majesty to receive and apply the fame, under the Hand of Her Majesty; and the Authority for the Payment of such

Medical Advice, £Xpences and Charges as have already accrued in respect of such Medical Advice, Assistance and incidental Expences as aforesaid, shall be the Warrant of Her Most Excellent Majesty the Queen, and His Royal High-nefsthe Prince Regent, countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being; and of such Expences as may hereafter arise in respect of such Medical Advice and Assistance and incidental Expences as aforesaid, shall be the Warrant of Her Most Excellent Majesty the Queen, countersigned by the First Gentleman of His Majesty's Bed Chamber, commonly called the Groom of the Stole 5 and the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse shall, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, produce to the said Commissioners an Account of the Persons to whom, and the several Proportions in which, and the times when, and the manner in which the said Annual Sum of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one'Pounds shall have been heretofore usually paid, issued and applied, under the Authority and Directions of His Majesty, together with the Receipts and other Discharges of the Persons to whom such Payments have been made in the last Year; and shall also produce to the said Commissioners the Warrant so countersigned as aforesaid, for Payment of such Charges and Expences as have already accrued for Medical Advice, Assistance and Attendance upon His Majesty, together with the Receipts or Discharges of the Persons to whom Payments shall have been made tinder such Warrant; and shall also annually, between the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of April in each Year, produce to the said Commissioners the Receipts or other Discharges of the Persons contained in such Account as aforesaid, to whom he shall continue to make such Annual Payments as aforesaid; and shall produce the Authorities under the Hind of Her Majesty, for the Issue of such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, together with the Receipts of the Person to whom the Money was issued under such Authorities; and the Warrants so countersigned as aforesaid, for the Pay-anent of the Expences and Chatges hereafter to arise in relation to Medical Aavice and Assistance required by His Majesty as aforesaid, and the Receipts or other Discharges of the several Persons to whom Payments are j made under such Warrants, and such Receipts, Discharges, Authorities and Warrants as aforesaid, shall respectively be a full and complete Discharge to the said Keeper of the Privy Purse for all such Sums so issued by him out of Monies in his Hands as Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse; and the Person appointed by Her Majesty to receive and apply such Sum of Eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four pence as aforesaid under this Act, and such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, shall, within One Mo>.th after the Issue of such Sum of Eight thousand five hundred and twenty six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four pence, as to such Sum, and within One Month after the time of any Issue of any future Quarteriy Sums under this Act, deliver to the said Commissioners ajuft and true Account of the Application of all such Sums respectively, and produce proper Acquittances, Dischargeshnd Vouchers for such Payments; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to examine and audit the fame, and for that Purpose to call for all Vouchers and other Documents, and to examine all Persons whom they shall deem it necessary to examine, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Accuracy of such Accounts upon Oath (which Oath any One of them is hereby authorized to administer), or otherwise to ascertain the due Application of such Money, in such manner as they shall deem necessary.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from time to time, to order and direct, and give Authority under Her Majesty's Hand as aforesaid, for the Payment of any new Tensions or Allowances, to be payable out of the Money issued to the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, to any old Servants of His Majesty, or the Widows or Children, or other Relations of any old Servants, who may be deemed by Her Majesty fit Objects of His Majesty's charitable Bounty, so as that such Pensions and Allowances shall not, in Addition to the Sums which shall continue to be applied under the Authority of Her Majesty in each Quarter, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and this Act, exceed in the whole the said Quarterly Sum of Fbur thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds aforesaid, and so also as that the new Pensions and Allowances, granted or ordered in any One Year, shall not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and that no one Pension or Allowance shall exceed the Annual Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and such new Pensions and Allowances shall be paid under the fame Authority, and at the same time, and together with the Sums issued Quarterly, to the Person appointed by Her Majesty under this Act, and the due Application of the Money issued for the Payment thereof, accounted for in like manner to the said Commissioners as directed by this Act, as to such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid.

1 XI. And whereas Provision was made in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the

Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Estate and Property, under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth

and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty 2 And whereas the Continuance of His Majesty's

Indisposition makes it necessary that further Provision should be made in that Behalf 5' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, and for His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to appoint Three Persons to be Commissioners, one of whom shall be a Maiter of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, who shall act without any Salary, Fee or Reward, for the Protection, Care and Management of His Majesty's Property during His Indisposition, and such Persons to remove, and from time to time in like manner to appoint others to supply any Vacancies by Death, Removal or Resignation, of any of the said Commissioners.

Oath.

New Pensions payable out of Privy Purse -authorized by .Her Majesty.

51O.3. c.i.

§29.

Her Majesty and the Regent to appoint Commissioners for Care of His Majesty* Real, See. Estate, under 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 88.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 8, g.

XIF. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to call before them and examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of such Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer) all Trustees, Solicitors, Attornies, Managers, Agents, Receivers or other Persons whatever, who have had, or have, or may hereafter have in any manner the Custody, Care or Management of, or Order, Direction or Controul over, or who may be Trustees of and for, or who have been or are in any manner concerned in any Matter or Thing relating to any Real or Personal Estate or Property belonging to His Majesty, or the Receipt of any Rents, Issues or Profits, or Dividends, Interest, or Sums of Money arising or accruing therefrom respectively, and to demand Accounts in Writing of all such Real or Personal Estate, Rents, Issues, Profits, Dividends, Interest or Sums of Money, and of all such Particulars relating to any such Property or Produce thereof as may be necessary to enable the said Commissioners to ascertain the Amount and State, and to direct the future Custody, Care, Direction, Management and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners shall keep accurate Accounts of all their Proceedings, and from time to time lay the fame, or any such Abstracts thereof as shall be required, before Her Majesty and the Prince Regent, or either of them, requiring the fame; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to do or require to be done, all such Acts, Matters and Things, as may in their Judgment be necessary or expedient for the regulating the future Custody, Care, Direction and Management, and for the Improvement of any such Real or Personal Estate, and for that Purpose to appoint any Trustee or Trustees of any Real or Personal Estate in lieu of any Trustee or Trustees who shall have died or declined to act, or shall die or decline to act, and also any Steward or Stewards, or Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other Officer or Officers of Royalties or Manors (such Appointment to be in all cases submitted to and subject to the Approval of Her Most Excellent Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent); and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to apply any Rents, Issues, Profits, Produce or Dividends, Interest, or other Sums of Money, making any Part of His Majesty's Personal Estate, under the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, in the Improvement of any Real Estate of His Majesty, Or in the Payment of any Charges, Debts, Mortgages or other Incumbrances whatever, either in the Whole or in Part, or any Interest thereof now due, or which may become due thereon, and all other just and legal Claims whatever, affecting any Real or Personal Inflate or Property of His Majesty, or to apply any such Estate or Property, or Produce thereof, in any other manner which may appear to them to be most beneficial for the said Real and Personal Estate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner so appointed shall, before he enters upon the Execution of the Duties of his Commission, take an Oath before the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or one of them, in the Form following:

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, and keep secret all the Proceedings and Accounts of such Trust, unless I shall be required to disclose the fame, or any Part thereof,

by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, or His Royal Highness the Regent, or unless any such ' Disclosure shall be necessary in any Course of Law or otherwise, for the Care and Protection of Hj*9

Majesty's Property, in the Execution of my Trust. 'So help me GOD.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to commence, prosecute, or defend any Suit, Action, Information or other legal Proceeding, or file any Bill or Bills in Equity, or proceed in any manner in Law or Equity, for the Recovery, Discovery or Protection of any Property, Real or Personal, of His Majesty, and for the Recovery of any Damages for any Injury done thereto, and for that Purpose to use the Name of His Majesty, or of any Trustee or Trustees of His Majesty, or their own Names, as they shall deem most expedient; and no Suit shall abate by the Death of any such Trustee or Trustees, or Commissioner or Commissioners; and all Costs, Charges and Expences incurred, shall be paid out of the Property under their Care and Management.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament contained in relation to any Real or Personal Estate or Property of His Majesty, under the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, or contained in this Act in relation to any such Real or Personal Estate, or to any Powers or Provisions by this Act given to the Commissioners appointed under this Act, for the Protection, Care and Management of His Majesty's Property, shall be deemed or construed to extend to any Revenues or Sums of Money belonging or accruing to His Majesty, heretofore received, or due or payable, or which may hereafter become due and payable to His Majesty, which have ^dually been issued, applied or disposed of under any Royal Sign Manual Warrant, countersigned by the Lord High Treasurer* or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or by any Authority or Direction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or to authorize or empower the said Commissioners iu any manner to interfere with any such Revenues or Sums of Money.

CAP. IX.

An Act to repeal an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders; and making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for

requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be measured.

[a8th February 1812.]

WHEREAS Masters and Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade in England and Wales, are put to great Inconvenience and incur great Rifle by the present Practice of loading and ' clearing out such Ships and Vessels; And whereas it is expedient, in order to obviate such Inconvenience ' and Risk, that other Provisions-should be made, and that the Regulations contained in an Act passed in the ' Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better securing the Duties upon Coals,

Culm and Cinders, should be repealed, as far as the fame relates to England and Wales Be it therefore enacted

623-

Commissioners may eiamine upon Oath.

Ccimmifnonerr may be f.vorn.

Oath.

Commissioners mav sue or defend in Law or Equity.

Not to extend to certain Revenues of His Majesty.

25 G.j. c. 54.

624

repealed as t England and Wales.

Sufferance not granted for Dumping of Coals, nor Vessel permitted to fail, until Two Certificates of Quantity delivered.

Officer of Customs to issue Sufferances upon Production of Certificate.

Certificate to «xprefs true Quantity of Coals.

Fitters not giving in, or making falle Certificates.

[Penalty.]

Coal Ships to fee measured.

[Proviso.]

C. 9. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

enacted by the Kind's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, so far as the fame relates to England and Wales, shall be, from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, appealed.

II. And te it further enacted, That from and after the Fird Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Cocquet shall be granted by the Collector, Controller, or other Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Cudoms, in any Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek, in England or Wales, for the shipping Coadwife, any Coals, Culm or Cinders, nor shall the Maher or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel be permitted to load any Coals, Culm or Cinders on board any such Ship or Vessel until the Fitter or Fitters, or if there shall be no Fitter, then until the Coal Owner or his Agent, vending or shipping the Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall have delivered to the said Collector, Controller, or other proper Officer aforesaid, signed with his or their own Hand or Hands, two Certificates expressing the real Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders intended to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, which Certificates every such Collector or other proper Officer is hereby directed to sign, enter and regifier in a public Book to be kept by such Collector, or other proper Officer at the Cudom House in the respective Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel is to he cleared Coadwife as aforesaid, one of which Certificates, after being so signed, entered and regidered as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Mader or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be shipped, and the other shall remain in the Custody of the said Collector, or other proper Officer in the Cudom House aforesaid, to which said Regiller any Person or Persons shall and may have recourse to fee and examine the fame without Fee or Reward; and it shall not be lawful for any Collector, Controller or other Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Cudoms in any such Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek as aforesaid, to clear Coadwife, any Ship or Vessel whatever, laden or in part laden with Coals, Culm or Cinders, nor to sign, issue forth, or grant any Cocquet, Letpafs, Transire or other Dispatch of any Nature or Kind whatever, for the clearing of a Coaffing Voyage, any such Ship or Vessel, unless the Fitter or Fitterst Coal Owner or Agent, who so vended or shipped the Coals, Culm or Cindels on board the said Ship or Vessel, shall have delivered to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Cudoms at such Port, Harbour, Haven or Creek aforesaid, where such Ship or Vessel is so laden, or in part laden, such Certificates as are hereinbefore directe d and required.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fird Day of March it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Controller or other proper Officer of the Cudoms, in any Port, Haven, Harbour or Creek in England or IV'ales, to sign, issue forth, or grant any Cocquet, for the clearing Coadwife of any such Ship or Vessel, for which the Certificates of the Fitter, Coal Owner or Agent, required by this Act, shall have been delivered according to the Directions herein contained; and such Cocquet shall and may be issued forth and granted by any such Collector, Controller, or other proper Officer, for and according to the Quantity declared in such Certificates so delivered as aforesaid; any Law, Cudom or Usage to the contrary not* with (landing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Shipment of Coals, Culm or Cinders to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, the Certificate so to be delivered as aforesaid, by such Fitter, Coal Owner or Agent, shall express the true Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders actually laden on board such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Fitter or Fitters, Coal Owner or Agent, vending or shipping Coals, Culm or Cinders, shall not give such Certificates as aforesaid, or shall give or make any false Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, sold or vended by him or them, and intended to be shipped or laden, or actually shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel whatever jn England or Wales, or who shall deliver any such Certificate or Certificates signed by any Person except himself or themselves, every such Fitter or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Coals, Culm or Cinders, laden on board any such Ship or Vessel, which shall be cleared Coastwise at any Port of England or Wales, from and after the said First Day of March shall upon any Pretence whatever be delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due upon the Exportation thereof have been paid, the Maiter or other Person or Persons having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, before he or any other Person be permitted agaiu to enter or clear the said Ship or'Vessel Coastwise, or for Parts beyond the Seas, not only pay to the Collector or other proper Officer at the Port of England or Wales, from whence the said Ship or Vessel is intended to be cleared out as aforesaid, the Export Duties on the greatest Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, which it shall appear that any such Ship or Vessel is capable of containing, but also the further Sum of Three Shillings for every such Chaldron of Coals, Culm or Cinders, Winchester Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the same Uses with the respective Duties now payable on Coals, Culm or Cinders exported: Provided nevertheless, if it shall appear upon the Oaths of the Master, together with the Mate and Two of the Mariners belonging to such Ship or Vessel, and who were on board at the time (he was cleared Coastwise, and failed in her during the whole Voyage, taken in the open Cudom House before the Collector and Controller of such Port (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same), that such Ship or Vessel was really and bona Jide forced by contrary Winds or other unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather into such Parts beyond the Seas, and could not by reason of such Necessity and Distress have proceeded with such Coals, Culm or Cinders, to some Port or Place in Great Britain, which Proof shall be transmitted by such Officer to the Commissioners of the Customs in England; and if it shall appear to their Satisfaction that such Vessel was so forced into Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, the said

12 Commissioners

A.D. 1812« 52° GEORGII III. C*9> io«

Commissioners of Customs, or any Four of them, shall and may order the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, to whom the said Duties and the said Sum of Three Shillings for every Chaldron as aforesaid shall have been paid as hereinbefore directed, to grant the Master of such Ship or Vessel a special Certificate thereof, in order that his Coast Bond may be discharged, and to return such respective Sum of Three Shillings for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm or Cinders, so paid as aforesaid; but on failure of the Proof herein directed, or if the same shall not be satisfactory to the said Commissioners, such Bond shall and may be prosecuted and put in suit; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in order to ascertain the greatest Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders, which any Ship or Vessel having so delivered any Coals, Culm or Cinders in any Part beyond the Seas, is capable of containing, a proper Person or Persons to be selected and appointed by the Collector of the Customs of the Port in England or Wales to which such Ship or Vessel shall first. return after such Delivery in Parts beyond the Seas as aforesaid, shall measure such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of ascertaining the greatest Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to be computed in Chaldrons, Winchester Measure, which such Ship or Vessel is capable of containing, and the said export Duties and additional Duties shall be paid according to such Admeasurement; and such Person or Persons so to be appointed shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel so measured, for his or their Trouble, after the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny for every Chaldron which such Ship or Vessel shall appear to be capable of containing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Entry and Register of the Fitter's Certificate, so directed as aforesaid, shall be accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Evidence of the Fadl in all cases where the original Certificates are not produced.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be prosecuted, determined and recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> and in the Court of Exchequer in Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Efibign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and One Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiyty to the Person or Persons who shall sue for or prosecute the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants $ and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy, for the fame which the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other cases of Law,

625

Vesseli measured at Pore of Return.

Fee.

Certificates ad*

mittedin

Evidence.

Recovery of Penalties.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

CAP. X.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms, therein mentioned for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[28th February 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 50G.3-c.n4.

for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, and to be advanced and applied in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And whereas considerable Sums of Money have Decn advanced and oifburled for the Use of His Majesty's Navy in the East Indies, and for other Public Services, for which

Credit cannot be given for the said Company in Payment of the Sums advanced under the Provisions of the said Act, by reason that such Payments are required to be made, on or before the First Day of January One §5.

thousand eight hundred and twelve, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall Treasury to be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to carry to the rj7° Credit Credit of the fame Company, in Repayment of the Sums advanced under the Provisions of the said Act, any " w

Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been advanced or disbursed by the said Company in the East Indies for Money advanced His Majesty's Navy, or any Public Services 5 and it shall also be lawful for the said Company to pay any Sum by them for

or Sums of Money on account of or in Repayment of Sums of Money advanced under the said Act, into the Public Services, Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, at any time after the First Day of January in the Year One thousandnd Company eight hundred and twelve, any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Sums so advanced Mone/advanced or disbursed in the East Indies as aforesaid, which shall be allowed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury a^er jaMf I#»to be carried to the Credit of the said Company, and all Sums paid into the Receipt of His Majestys Exche- i8xa.

quer after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in Repayment of Sums advanced under the said Act, shall be received at the Exchequer, and go in Discharge of any Balance which shall remain unpaid of Sums so advanced as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to issue and apply the same to such Services^ shall then have been voted by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament, and all such Payments shall go in Discharge of 52 Geo. III. 4 M the

626 C. 10, 11.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

39*40 0.3.

«.9», repealed

letters Patent, 3 June, 8 G.3.

4ijij.j7G.3-

Commissionrer*

appointed.

Feet of certain Officerthow dUposed ofc

When Commis-tfontrs may nCl.

Office of Housekeeper conlbli-dated with that of Serjeant at Arms.

Duty of Collect ur of Feet.

the Amount Co repaid of any Bonds given by the said Company for Repayment of Advances under the said Act, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary not with {landing.

CAP. XI.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, and to establish other and further Regulations in the said Offices.

[28th February 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in a Session of Parliament, holden in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth

Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the

House of Commons: And whereas the Provisions of the said Act are in several respects defective, and in

others require to be varied and amended 5 and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said Act, and to make other and further Provisions in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the Third Day of June in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Office of Clerk of the House of Commons, with an Annuity of Ten Pounds, and all other Rewards, Dues, Rights, Profits, Commodities, Advantages and Emoluments whatsoever to the said Office, after what manner soever, or howsoever, then or theretofore anciently appertaining, inc ident, accustomed or belonging, was granted to John Hatfell Esquire, for and during his natural Life: And whereas also by certain other Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westminster the Fourth Day of July in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Office was granted to John Ley Esquire, for and during his natural Life, to take Effect from and after the Deceale of the said John Hatfelly in as full, ample and beneficial a manner a3 the fame had been granted to the said John Hatfell as aforesaid: And whereas John Clementson Esquire was, on the Seventh Day of January last, appointed by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of the United Kingdom, in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, to be the Serjeant at Arms attending upon the Speaker of the House of Commons, during the Sitting of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, that, after the Interests now vested in the said Persons respectively shall expire, a different Distribution should be made of the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments belonging to the said Officers respectively, and that Regulations should be established in relation to the Salaries and Emoluments of the said Officers, and other Officers of the House of Commons* Be it therefore enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being, and the Secretary or Secretaries of State, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Mailer of the Rolls, and the Attorney and Solicitor General for the time bring (they and each of them being also Members of the House of Commons) shall be and they are hereby nominated, conllituted and appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and any Three of the said Commissioners (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being shall be one) shall be and they are hereby authorized to carry this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, so granted to the said John Hatfell and John Ley, and of the Appointment of the said John Clementson as aforesaid, all Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, which would have been due and payable to any future Clerk or Clerk Assistants of the House of Commons, or Serjeant at Arms attending the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being, in case this Act had not been made, shall from time to time, as the said Commissioners shall direct, be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or of such Person or Persons as they shall by Warrant under their Hauds and Seals appoint to coileft the fame, and shall by the said Commissioners be applied and distributed in the manner herein after directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall betaken orconftrued to prevent the said Commissioners, upon the Expiration either of the said Letters Patent, granted to the said John Hatfell and John Ley Esquires, or of the said Appointment of the said John Clementson Esquire, which ever may first happen, from carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, as far as the Nature of the respective cases will admit; and provided also, that the said John Clementson, so long as he shall continue to hold the said Office of Serjeant at Arms, shall hold the fame under the like Regulations as the fame was holdea by his immediate Predecessor in the said Office.

V. And whereas the Offices of Serjeant at Arms attending the Speaker of the House of Commons during the Sitting of Parliament, and of Housekeeper of the House of Commons, now are, and for a long time past have been holden conjointly by the same Person, and the Salaries, Wages, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to the Offices so holden, have been hitherto brought to account conjointly under the Act hereby repealed; Be it therefore enacted, That after the Expiration of the present Interest of the said John Cle-mentfony so appointed Serjeant at Arms as aforesaid, the Office of Housekeeper of the House of Commons shall henceforth be holden by the Person who shall be appointed to the Office of Serjeant at Arms attending upon the Speaker of the House of Commons 5 and the Salary, Fees and Emoluments heretofore usually paid to the Housekeeper, shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons so appointed by them as aforesaid, and be accounted for to the said Commissioners, and applied by them together with and in like manner as all the Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments are by this Act directed to be paid and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Commissioners to collect and receive the Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, shall give such Security as shall be*required

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C.n. 627

required by the said Commissioners, for the faithful Execution of such Trust, and duly to account, from time to time, as often as he or they shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners, for all , Sums of Money which shall come to his or their Hands as such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid; and he or they shall render such Account of Monies so received as aforesaid, together with an Account of all the Sums due and payable to the said Clerk, Clerk Assistants, Serjeant at Arms, and Deputy Serjeant at Arms respectively, in Right of their respective Offices, who are hereby severally required to certify such Accounts under their Hands respectively; and every Account of Monies received by the Collector or Collectors shall be verified by him or them upon Oath as to the-State thereof, and all Particulars relating thereto; vhich Oath any one of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer; and such Collector or Collectors shall from time to time, as shall be fixed or prescribed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, pay into the Bank of England, in the Name and to the Account of the said Commissioners, all Sums of Money which shall have come to or be in tm or their Hands as such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, and such Account shall bp called The Account of the Commissioners for regulating the Offices of the House of Commons/ and the Name of the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being shall be inserted therein; apd it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order the Monies so placed to their Account as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to be paid and applied, from time to time, in making Payments under and for the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed to pay Sums paid t« to the Clerk of the House of Commons for the time being, the net annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds, ^'lerk, Clerk for and during the first Five Years which the said Clerk of the House of Commons shall hold his said Office, ^clerk and from and after the said Term ef Five Years to pay to such Clerk of the House of Commons, the further Assistant of the net Sum of Five hundred Pounds annually, making together the Sum of Three thousand five hundred House of Corn-Pounds; and to pay to the Clerk Assistant for the time being the net annual Sum of Two thousand Pounds, mon*.

[Proviso.]

for and during the first Five Years which the said Clerk Assistant shall hold his said Office, and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, the further net annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, making together the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and also to pay to the Second Clerk Assistant for the time being, the net annual Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, for and during thp first Five Years which the said Second Clerk Assistant shall hold his said Office, and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years, the further net annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, making together the Sum of Two thousand Pounds; which several annual Sums the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to pay by Half-yearly Payments or otherwise as they shall think fit; and which Sums so paid by the said Commissioners to the Clerk and Clerk Assistant and Second Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons respectively, shall be taken and accepted by them respectively, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, to which they might or could have been entitled, or which they may Have been accustomed respectively to receive by virtue or in respect of their said respective Offices, previous to the passing of this Act, any former Practice or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall apply to or prevent the demanding, receiving and taking the Fees which may arise from the Examination of the Sufficiency of the Sureties who enter into Recognisances to prosecute Election Petitions, or for taxing the Costs and Expences of prosecuting and opposing any such Petitions; which Fees are established and ascertained under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of contro-8 G. 3. c. 51 verted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of Years more than Five Years Years of Service; which any Clerk Assistant or Second Clerk Assistant for the time being, who shall be appointed to the how to be Office of Clerk of the House of Commons after the Expiration of the Letters Patent aforesaid, shall have

held the Office of Clerk Assistant or Second Clerk Assistant, shall be reckoned as Part or the Whole, as the case may be, of the Five Years by this Act required to entitle the Clerk of the House of Commons to have and receive the full Salary or Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds; and shall entitle such Clerk Assistant or Second Clerk Assistant so appointed to the Office of Clerk of the House of Commons, to the full Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds for Annum; and in like manner if any Second Clerk Assistant who shall have served more than Five Years as such, shall be appointed to the Office of Clerk Assistant, he shall be entitled thereupon to the full Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum.

A IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and directed, from and after the Expiration of the Interest of the said John Clementson in the said J

Office of Serjeant at Arms, to pay to the Serjeant at Arms attending the Speaker of the House of Commons, duripg the Sitting of Parliament for the time being, the net annual Sum of Two thousand Pounds, which said Sum of Two thousand Pounds shall be taken and accepted by the said Serjeant at Arms for the time being, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all the Salaries, Pecs, Perquisites and Emoluments, to which any former Serjeant at Arms might or could have been entitled, or which he might have been accustomed to receive by \irtue or in respect of his said Office previous to the passing of this Act, and also of the Office of Housekeeper of the House of Commons hereinbefore mentioned, any former Practice or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Save and except the Allowance of Three hundred Pounds a Year, now usually paid to such Serjeant at Anns, in lieu of a Residence for the said Serjeant at ArmB, so attending the Speaker as aforesaid, until some suitable and convenient Residence in the Vicinity of the House of Commons shall be provided as heretofore for such Serjeant at Arms as aforesaid; and which Sum shall be paid as heretofore by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and be receivable by the - .Serjeant at Arms in.4M2 addition

Allowance to Deputy Serjeant at Arms.

Commissioneri to pay Collector| Itc. and Clerks.

Account laid before Parliament.

Direct ions for laying Annual Accounts before the House of Com ^ons, and for Appropri-axiofbiuf Surplus.

Nomination of Clerks to be held by the Clerk.

Nomination of Melftngers 10 be

C.n. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

addition to such Salary as aforesaid, upon the Condition of his applying the same towards providing himself with a Residence in the Vicinity of the House of Commons as aforesaid

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby directedr to pay to the Deputy Serjeant at Arms, an Allowance of Eight hundred Pounds; which said Sum of Eight hundred Pounds shall be in lieu of all other Allowances, Fees and Emoluments, to which any former Deputy Serjeant at Arms might have been entitled, or which he might have been accustomed to receive by virtue or in respect of his said Office, previous to the passing of this Act, any former Practice or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Save and except an Allowance of Two hundred Pounds a Year, in lieu of a Residence for the said Deputy Serjeant at Arms, until some suitable and convenient Residence, in the Vicinity of the House of Commons, shall be provided as heretofore (which said Sum shall be paid to him in like manner, and under the like Conditions, as the Allowance before-mentioned to the Serjeant at Arms) 5 and also except such Caption Fees as, upon an Account thereof to be rendered to the Commissioners, shall be allowed by them; which Allowance, in lieu of such Residence and Caption Fees as aforesaid, shall and may be received by such Deputy Serjeant at Arms in addition to such Salary as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, to pay the Collector or Collectors and other Persons employed by them in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries or Allowances as shall appear to them to be just and reasonable; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, from time to time, to pay and allow to the Clerks in the Office of the Clerk of the House of Commons, such Sums and Allowances as may be just and proper, according to the Rules and Usages heretofore, or which may hereafter be established, or in use, for regulating such Allowances; which Payments and Allowances shall be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all Payments for the like Services heretofore made upon Address of the House of Commons or otherwise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are -hereby authorized and required to prepare and lay before the House of Commons, within Twenty Sitting Days after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, a Statement shewing the Amount of the Money remaining on their Account at the Bank, or collected under their Order, pursuant to the Provisions and for the Purposes of this Act, after the making of all such Payments as are hereinbefore required or authorized by this Act, or reserving what may be necessary for making such Payments, together with a Plan of the manner in which it is proposed or intended by the said Commissioners that the Residue be applied and disposed of, towards making a Provision for the Support of such Officers of the Speaker of the House of Commons, or of the Clerk of the said House, or Serjeant at Arms, as may from casual circumstances appear to require the fame, and for affording a permanent Allowance to the Clerk, Clerk Assistant, Second Clerk Assistant, Serjeant at Arms, or Deputy Serjeant at Arm9, and such other Persons as aforesaid, who may have been disabled by Age or Infirmity from the Discharge of their respective Duties; which said Plan shall be binding and conclusive oil the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and directed to carry the fame into Effect, unless the said House, within Twenty Sitting Days after the said Plan shall have been so laid before them, shall have otherwise ordered and directed; and then and in such case with such Variation as shall have been so ordered and directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall prepare and lay before the House of Commons, within the further Space of Twenty Sitting Days after the said Plan shall have been concluded upon and established, a Statement shewing the Amount of the Monies so received by them by virtue of this Act, and of the Purposes to which the same shall have been applied and disposed of, or for which any Sum or Sums of Money may be necessary tci satisfy the fame, and carry the said Plan into Execution, in order that the Sums necessary to supply any Deficiencies in the said Fund for the Purposes to which the fame is by this Act made applicable, and to pay such Salaries and Allowances as are directed and authorized by this Act, may be provided by Parliament; and any Surplus (in case it shall appear from the said Account that there is in the Hands of the said Commissioners a Surplus remaining, after making all Payments required and authorized by this Act, and carrying into Effect the Plan and Orders hereinbefore mentioned) shall be applied and disposed of towards providing, in case the House shall see fit, a Remuneration for the Person or Persons by whom the Duties of Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means shall have been discharged during the then Session of Parliament; and in case there shall be any further Surplus over and above a Sum equal to the Amount of the Charges and Outgoings for the last Year, and of the Payments proposed and settled to be made under the Plan abovementioned, together with such Remuneration, if any, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, in the first Place, to retain such Sum towards Payment of the Charges and Outgoings of the ensuing Year, and to pay thereout all such Salaries and Allowances as aforesaid, by Halfyearly Payments or otherwise, as they shall think fit; and the said Commissioners shall, within Twenty Days after the Conclusion of such Session of Parliament, pay the final Surplus into the Exchequer, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of the present Interest of the said John Hatfell and John Ley, the Power of Nomination or Appointment, by the said Clerk of the House of Commons, of all the Clerks in his Department, together with the Power of Suspension and Removal of all the Clerks so by him nominated or appointed, shall be holden, exercised and enjoyed by the said Clerk of the House, in such manner as the same are holden, exercised and enjoyed at the time of the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that after the Expiration of the said Letters Patent, granted to the said John Hatfell and John Ley, no Clerk of the House of Commons shall exercise the said Office by Deputy.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Power of Nomination or Appointment by the said Serjeant at Arms, of all Officers, Messengers and other Persons attendant on the House, together with the Power of a 5 Suspension

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 11, 12. 629

Suspension and Removal of the Officers, Messengers, and other Persons so by him nominated and appointed, held by Serjeant* shall be holden, exercised and enjoyed by the said Serjeant, in such manner as the same are holden, exercised &c* and enjoyed at the time of the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that such Offices under the said Serjeant, as have heretofore been accustomed to be sold, shall continue to be sold, and the produce thereof shall be accounted for as heretofore, and be paid over to the said Commissioners, or to their Collector or Collectors, as hereinbefore directed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Complaint or Representation shall at any Officers, upon time be made to the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being, of the Misconduct or Unfitneis Complaint to of any Clerk, Officer, Messenger or other Person attendant on the House of Commons, hereafter to be }jaye^ag*(! appointed by the Clerk of the House of Commons, or Serjeant at Arms, or admitted into their respective pens|on or Re-Departments, (other than the Clerk Affillants and Deputy Serjeant at Arms) it shall be lawful for the said moral.

Speaker to cause Enquiry to be made into the Conduct or Fitness of such Person; and if thereupon it shall appear to the Speaker, that such Person has been guilty of Misconduct, or is unfit to hold his Situation, it shall be lawful for the Speaker to require that such Person should be suspended or removed, as the case may be, and such Person shall be so suspended or removed accordingly; and in the case of any Person so appointed by the Serjeant at Arms who may have purchased his Place, such Person shall be liable to be so removed as aforesaid, with or without any Return of the Consideration paid by him for the fame, as by the Commissioners hereinbefore named shall be adjudged to be proper.

CAP. XII.

An Act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores to Ireland.

[28th February 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy from such as Jleal Cloth 22 Car. a c.js 4 from the Rack, and from such as shall Jleal or imbezil His Majesty's Ammunition and Stores: And whereas

another Act of Parliament was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the 9* 10W.3.

Third, intituled An Act for the better preventing the Imbezzlerrent of His Majesty's Stores of War, and pre- c 41,

venting Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamen's Wages: And whereas another Act of Parliament was

passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for continuing fame Laws9G.j. c.&

1 and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices and

upon Juries, and relating to Jurors, and io the Payment of Seamen's Wages and the Preservation of Naval Stores and Stores of War, and concerning the Militia and Trophy Money, and against clandestine running of uncuQomed Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, and Frauds in mixing Sills

with Stuffs to be exported: And whereas another Act of Parliament was passed in the Seventeenth Year of 17 O.fcc. 40.

the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and'

evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; for continuing Two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of Hop Binds, and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously jetting on Fire any Mine,

Pit or Delph of Coal or Cannel Coal, and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forefs or Chaces, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chacei or Haris; and for granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and to explain Two Acts relating to the Prosecution of Offenders for imbezzling Naval Stores or Stores of War, and to prevent the retailing of Wine within either of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, without Licence: And whereas another Act of Parliament was passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better 39 & 40 G.4*.

preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Vidaalling Stores: And whereas it is 0*89.

expedient that the several recited Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame severally relate to His Majesty's.

Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores therein respectively mentioned, should be extended to and be in such

and the fame Force ^n Ireland as the fame respectively now are in England* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after So much of re-

the passing of this Act, all and every the said recited Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame severally relate to .Cl?ed as.rc"

His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, therein respectively mentioned, and every Clause, Ordnanc/and

Matter and Thing therein respectively contained relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Victualling

Stores, shall extend to and be of such and the fame Force in Ireland, so far as the same are or may be capable Stores, extended

of being applied to Ireland, as the fame respectively now afe in England, as fully and effectually, to all Intents to Ireland.

and Purposes, as if the said several recited Acts of Parliament, and the several Clauses, Matters and Things

therein respectively contained relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, and as the fame respectively now are in Force in England\ were herein and hereby repeated and re-enadltd for that Part

of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all and every Persons and Person who shall commit in Ireland

any Offence or Offences against all or any of the said recited Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame severally

relate to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance or Victualling Stores, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, (halT

be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as such Person9 and

Person

630 C. 12, 13, 14, 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Offences against 39 & 40 O.3. c. 89. §29, &c. how tried.

Person would by the said several recited Acts of Parliament, or any of them, have been subject and liable to in case such Offence or Offences had been committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every Persons and Person who shall be accused in Ireland of any Offence or Misdemeanor again (I the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for which, when committed in England, a summary Mode of Trial and Conviction is by the said Act established, may be tried in the fame summary manner before any Justice of the Peace for any County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place in Ireland, within which any such Offence or Misdemeanor shall be committed, provided that no such summary Proceeding shall be had before any such Justice of the Peace, without Consent in Writing of His Majesty's Naval Storekeeper for the time being at any Port in Ireland.

51 G. 3. c.xaj. ft.

Benefit 6f recited Act extended to Persons committed for Contempt in not paying Money awarded or Colls.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

[28th February 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England*wherein it was recited, that it might be convenient in the then crowded State of the Prisons and Gaols in England and Wales that some of the

Prisoners confined therein, truly surrendering their Effects to their Creditors, should be liberated: And whereas in the said Act it was not enacted that Persons committed by the Court3 of Law a: .d Equity for

Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid; and also for not paying of Costs duly and

properly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose; and also upon the Writ de Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process, for or grounded upon the Nonpayment of Mouey, Costs or Expences, in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of '* such Court relating thereto; shall be entitled to the Benefit of the said Act, as has been usual in such cases: And whereas it is convenient that the Provisions and Benefits of the said Act shall be extended to such Persons as in similar cases hath been heretofore done Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Persons committed as aforesaid by the Courts of Law and Equity for Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose, and also upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process, for or grounded upon the Nonpayment of Money, Costs or Expences, in some Cause or Proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of such Court relating thereto, and who were in Custody on the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall be and are entitled to all the Benefits of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, in the same manner as if this Provision had made Part thereof, on and subject to the fame Terms, Conditions and Restrictionsas »re therein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

CAP. XIV.

An Act: for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

[5th March 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TTTE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making Provision to satisfy the Principal Sums contained in certain 1 Exchequer Bills, now outstanding, to the Amount of Fourteen Millions Sterling, have resolved, that all Persons interested in or entitled unto certain Exchequer Bills should be entitled, in respect of the Principal Sums contained therein, to such Capital Stock in Annuities as are herein after mentioned, subject to the

Provisions of this Act; ' We Your Majesty's most faithful Commons, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Holders of cer- assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person interested in or entitled unto any Exchequer tain Exchequer Bill or Bills dated between the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and the Four-Bills carrying teenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, who shall between the Twenty second Day

chequer foa'1 re- February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and the Twenty ninth Day of February One thousand ceive Certificates eight hundred and t.velve, both inclusive, have carried the same to the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer to the Bank. Bills, unless the said Principal Sum of Fourteen Millions Sterling shall have been sooner subscribed at the said Office in such Exchequer Bills, shall be paid thelvterest that shall have become due thereupon to the Ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in Money, as soon after the said Ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, as can conveniently be done, and shall have in exchange for such Exchequer Bills from such Paymasters Certificates to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, expressling the Principal Sum contained in such Bill or Bijls, entitling the Holders of such Exchequer Bills, in respect of the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, to the Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Capital Stock in Annuities aftci the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum9 to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve for each One hundred Pounds contained in such last mentioned Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater Sum; and that all Persons interested in or entitled

unto

631

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 14, 15.

[Proviso.]

unto such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid shall, by having delivered the fame between the respective Days aforesaid, into the said Office of Paymasters of Exchequer Bill?, be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid Terms; which said Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Bank of England, at the time9 and in the manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that the Amount of the Principal Sums contained in such Exchequer Bills, to be exchanged for Certificates in pursuance of this Act, shall not exceed the Sum of Fourteen Millions Sterling.

" Exchequer Office to receive.and cancel such Exchequer Bills, on granting such Certificates. §2. Certificatesto entitle to certain Annuities, payable at the times herein mentioned. Foreign Attachment. §3*

Annuities payable out of Consolidated Fund. §4. Certificates may be assignable before August 1, 1812. §5.

Bank, on receiving Certificates, to give Credit in Books for the Capital Stock therein mentioned; which Stock may be transferred. §6. Exchequer to issue Money to the Bank for Payment of the Annuities. $ 7.

Accountant General to examine the Cashiers Accounts. §8. Money converted into Five per Cent. Annuities to be added to Joint Stock of Five per Cent. already established. §9. Mode of transferring 41 Stock. §10. Counterfeiting Certificates, &c. Death. § it. Bank to continue a Corporation for the 4f Purpose of this Act. §12. No Fee taken. Penalty. §13. Bank to receive a Compensation for Ser- vices. §14.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times be sued, moleste^ General KTuc. or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be norifuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs Treble Costy to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[This Act, except as to Dates and Sums, is in the fame Words as 50 G. 3. c. 23. and $ I G. 3. c. 16.]

CAP. XV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and* thirteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

[5th March 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for 43 g 3. c XT*

discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, 450, 3.0.93.

intituled An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty ffth Years of His present Majesty

for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain: And whereas, G c ja

Three other Acts passed in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of His present Majesty, 47 0.3. fciV.i.

for further continuing the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty: And whereas another c.a>

Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further continuing, until 48G3. c. 16.

the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the 49^3*c*aT*

Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on

' Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended:

And whereas an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 49^-3- c9*b 4 for repealing the fveral Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And whereas by Two other Acts passed in the Fiftieth and tirty first Years of His present Majesty, the Drawbacks allowed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, and the*

Bounties allowed by the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were further continued: and it is expedient that the said Drawbacks and Bounties so continued by the said Acts of the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of His present Majesty, should be further continued Be it there- Drawbncks in fore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Schedule or Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the 49 0.3 c. 98. fame. That the several Drawbacks in the Schedule to the said last recited Act of the Forty ninth Year and lioi.mieiin aforesaid annexed, and the Bounties in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Seh^dultMo Reign of His present Majesty annexed, shall be respectively paid and allowed in like manner in every respect, also wed.C* and subject to and under, and according to the like Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Penalties, and For- Excejirion. feitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act) as the said Drawbacks and Bounties were respectively paid or allowed before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette published on the When Draw-Saturday which shall happen next after the First Wednesday in May, the First Wednesday in September One backs shall b*. thousand eight hundred and twelve, or the First Wednesday in January One thousand eight hundred and all<>wed»&c« thirteen, that the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar taken in manner directed by an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Allowance 32 G. 3. c. 43

6 of

<>33 C, i 5.

52° GEORGII III.

49 G. 3. C. 9S. 49 G. 3. c. 43.

When Treasury fufpciid Payment «f Duty ou Sugar by 49 G. 3. C. 98. they shall alto suspend Countervailing Duties, fee.

43 G. 3. C.IX. continued.

47 G. 3. fefT.i. c.aa.

§8.

5 ax.

48 G. 3. c.ia.

11.3-

49 G. 3. C.IO. 5IG.3. c. 13.

§5.

50 much of 47 G .3. fefT. 1. c. 21. as relates to Bount ies on Raw Sugars continued. Bounty on Raw Sugar to be governed by Average Price*

A.D. 1812.

of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islanda in Foreign Ships, for the Four preceding Months, computed to the Wednesday immediately preceding such Saturday aforesaid, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every such case the Drawback, or Bounty in the Schedules to the said recited AdtspafTed in the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty aforesaid respectively annexed mentioned, as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London Cavite shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until Notice of any other Average shall in like manner appear in the London Gazette on any other of such Saturdays as before mentioned; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every' respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said first recited Act (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth and Forty fifth Years aforesaid.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and fer granting*other Duties in lieu thereof\ the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are authorised to suspend the Payment of the additional Duties of Customs on Sugar, granted by the said last recited Act, either in the Whole or in Part, whenever the average Price of Sugar ascertained as directed by the last recited Act, and by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Mode in which the average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugary ixcluftve of the Duty thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act possecl in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, shall be below the Prices mentioned in the said first recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient, that, during the Period of such Suspension, the Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the equivalent Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and also the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, should in like manner be ful- pended; Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall exercise the Power vested in them, and shall, according to the Directions of the said Act, suspend the Payment of the Whole or Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for them and they are hereby authorized and required in like manner and for the like Period, to suspend cither the Whole of the additional Countervailing Duties of Customs on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain, and of the additional Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland of Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act, or such Part thereof respectively as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, and* all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said Act contained, except as the same are varied or altered by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby further continued from the Twenty fifth Day of March Oncthousand eight hundred and twelve, and shall be and remain in full Force until the Fifteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, for the Port of London, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, for other Parts of Great Britain.

4 V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 10 4 allow for Two Tears, from and after the faffing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Double Refitted Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar, to such as shall be pounded, crashed or broken; and to

allow for One Tear certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported, a certain Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Double Refined Sugar; and also a Bounty was allowed upon the Exportation of Raw Sugar; and it was enacted that so much of the said recited Act as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar should continue in force for Two Years from the passing of the said Act 5 and so much thereof as related to the allowing of a Bounty upon Raw Sugar should continue in force for One Year from the passing of that Act: And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Tear of Hi* present Majesty, as allow*

certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported, so much of the said first recited Act as related to the said Bounties upon Raw Sugars was further continued with certain Alterations till the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year* aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties upon Raw Sugar, a6 altered and continued by the said last recited Act, and also the said last recited Act altering and continuing the fame, have been by subsequent Acts continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and it is expedient that the said Bounties should be further continued Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the Bounties on Raw Sugars, as altered and continued by the said recited Acts, shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Allowance of the Bounty granted upon the Exportation from Great Britain (except to Ireland) of British Plantation Raw Sugar by the said ialk recited Act of the Forty seventh

Year

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 15, 16. 653

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be governed by the average Prices of Brown or Mufco- of Brown. Sugar vado Sugar, computed and published in the London Gazette, for the Periods, at the Times, and in the manner hereinbefore directed. n on B % c

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repea cd by any Act. to be may he passed in this present Session of Parliament..shared, &c.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the moTe exemplary Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines used in the Framework knitted Manufactory, or any Articles or Goods in such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[20th March 1812."

WHEREAS the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames and the a3 G.3. Machines or Engines annexed thereto or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons defraying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines or Engines, and the Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hojiery or Framework knitted Manufactory, or breaking or defraying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or in any way employed in preparing or spinning of Wool

or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame, have been found ineffectual: And whereas such Outrages have for some time past been carried on to an alarming Extent; it is therefore necessary that more effectual Provisions should be made against such unlawful Practices, and for preventing such Outrages, and bringing Offenders thereinto exemplary Justice; and that such Provisions should be extended to the Frame-work Lace Manufactory, against which similar Outrages have been committed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, enter Cutting or de by Force into any House, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut or destroy any Framework knitted Pieces, stroying Frame-Stockings or Lace, or other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine thereto work knitted annexed, or therewith to be used or prepared for that Purpose; or with an Intent to break or destroy any &c' ?*.

Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftmment or Utensil, used in and for the working and making of any such in Manufacture. Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework knitted Manufactory; or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, destroy, or cut with an Intent to destroy or render useless, any Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings,

Lace, or other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that Purpose; or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, break, destroy or damage with an Intent to destroy or render useless any Frame, Machine,

Engine, Tool, Instrument or Utensil used in and for the working and making of any such Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework knitted Stocking, or Framework Lace Manufactory 5 or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, break or destroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way* employed in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton, or other Materials for the Use of the Stocking or Lace Manufactory, every Offender being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and Death, shall suffer Death, as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it farther enacted, That every Person in whose House or Custody or Possession any Frame, person*in whoft Machine or Engine, Tool, Instrument or Utensil, used in and for the working and making of any Framework House or Cuf-knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lice, or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework knitted Stocking, tody Frames, or Framework Lace Manufactory as aforesaid (not being his or her Property) shall be at the time of the Machines, or Destruction or damaging thereof, or of any Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace, or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine as aforesaid, and who shall not, within Twenty- Notice to Own-four Hours after he or she shall have known of such DestruCUon or Damage being committed as aforesaid, give er« andgobefo.s Notice thereof to the Owner of such Frame, Machine or Engine, Tool, Instrument or Utenfi), as aforesaid, if Magistrate residing within Twelve Miles, or if such Owner shall not reside within such Distance, then to some known Agent of such Owner, if any such Agent shall reside within the Distance of Twelve Miles; and also within Forty eight Hours, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate residing near the Place where such Destruction or Damage shall have taken place as aforesaid, to be examined upon Oath, as to every Matter or Thing relating to the committing of such Destruction and Damage, and his Knowledge thereof, and of all Particulars relating thereto, which may lead to the Discovery of the Offender therein, -every such Person shall Misdemeanor. for every such Neglect, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indictment or Information, may be puoished as in Cases of Misdemeanor, by Fine and Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court in which he shall be convicted; and every Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any such Person shall so go, shall examine such Person upon Oath (which Oath every such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby authorized to administer) as to his Knowledge of such Damage or Destruction, and of the Persons committing the fame, or of any Particulars which may lead to the Dete&ton. of the Offenders therein; and shall also allow tke Owner of the Frame, Machine or Engine, Tool,

Instrument or Utensil, as aforesaid, or Agent if present, to put any Question upon Oath to such Person for the Discovery of the Offender 5 and if such Owner or Agent shall not have had sufficient Notice to be present when such Person came before the Justice or Magistrate for Examination as aforesaid, such Justice of the Peace. §2 Geo. III. 4 N or

6*4

Miflemeanor*' Perjury.

Act may be repealed.

Continuance of Alt

Custos Rotulorum or Sheriff or Justices to c jnvene a Special General Se (lions for Execution of Alt

Justices in Special General Sel-'fions to adjudge and declare the State of the Peace in the County, and Expediency of executing Alt

Justices to sum. tnon Witnesses, and to make Compensation

u them*

C16, 17^ 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

or Magistrate shall, if required by the Owner or Agent aforesaid, or if such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall deem it. necessaFy, although no such Requisition shall be made, again call such Person before him for Examination by the Owner or Agent aforesaid; and every such Person who shall neglect or refuse (upon being summoned) to appear again before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and be again examined as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdeineanor, and punidicd as in cases of Misdemeaoors, at the Discretion of the Court in which he or she shall be convicted.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person examined by or before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate under this Act as aforesaid, shall wilfully or corruptly swear any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue; or if any Person shall inborn or procure any Person to commit Perjury in any such Examination, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law infliHed upon Persons committing Perjury, oc guilty of Subornation of Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any AH or AHs t& be passed in this Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of March Ouethousand eight hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching ancf Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended. £2oth March 1812.]

WHEREAS considerable Numbers of disorderly Persons have for Come time past assembled themselve# together, 011 different Occasions, in a riotous and tumultuous manner, in several Parts of the County of 1 Nottingham, and in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and in the adjoining Countie.9, and have*had Recourse to Measures of Force and Violence, and have actually committed various Acts of Outrage in c different Parts of the said Counties, whereby the Property of many of His Majesty's Subjects has in several*Instances been wholly dellroyed, and their Lives and Properties are still endangered: And whereas the*giving more prompt Means, and more effectual Powers for enforcing the Duties of watching in the Night- time, and warding in the Day time* will tend to the Preservation of the Peace, and to the ProtcHion of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants of the said Counties, and of any other Counties in which similar Outrages may be committed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Cttflor Rotulorum, or in his Absence the Sheriff, or any Five Justices of the Peace aHing in and for any County in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, may, from time to time, and as often as Occasion shall require, ia case any Disturbances or Offences against the Peace prevailing or being apprehended within the County, shall in hiaor their Opinion render the Execution of this Act adviiable and necessary, by Order under his or their Hands and Seals respectively, direH the Clerk of the Peace aHing for the County, or his lawful Deputy, to convene and assemble a Special General Sessions of the Justices of the Peace aHing in and for the County, by Notice given in some Newspaper circulating in the County, and put up upon the Church Doors and conspicuous Places of the Market Places, if any, of the several Parishes, Towns and Places in which such Disturbance shall be or are apprehended, Two Days at the lead before the time fixed for the Meeting, to take into Considerationr and to determine upon the Expediency of carrying into EffeH all or any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act; and the Justices so assembled may adjourn the said Special General Sessions, and so from time to time as Occasion may require.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the Justices of the Peace at any such Special General Sessions so assembled as aforesaid, that Disturbances prevail or are apprehended in the County, withia any Paridi, Township or Place, situated within their respective Jurisdictions, and that the ordinary Officers - appointed for preserving the Peace are not sufficient for the Protection of the Inhabitants and Security of the Property being or lying in the Parish, Township or Places where such Disturbances prevail or are apprehended* then and in any such case it shall be lawful for the said Justices, not being less than Five, and they are hereby empowered to adjudge and declare, that the Officers ordinarily appointed are inefficient for the Preservation of the Peace, and for the Protection of the Inhabitants, and the Security of the Property being or lying in any such Parish, Township or Place; and that every Man redding within any such Parish, Township or Place* above the Age of Seventeen Years, and charged or assessed to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor therein, (halt be subject 3nd liable to the Duties of watching by Night and warding by Day, according to the Provisiont of this Act; and thereupon to authorize and order the Powers and Provisions of this Act to be carried into Execution within every or any such Parish, Township or Place, and forthwith to give Notice of such their Adjudication and Orders to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and Notice of such Adjudication shall also be published by the Clerk of the Peace in some one or more Newspaper or Newfe papers usually circulating in the County.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace aHing in and for any such County, by Summons under his Hand and Seal, to cause to come before any such Special General Sessions so assembled as aforesaid, any Person or Persons whomsoever, to give Evidence and to be examined concerning1 any Matters relating to the Execution of this Act; and the Justices at every such Special General Sessions are hereby authorized and empowered to order the Treasurer of the County to pay out of the County Rates to every Person

A.D. 181a. 52 GEORGII III. C.i7.3S

person so summoned or required to give Evidence as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as by the Justices at their said Special Geoentl Sessions may be adjudged to be a proper and reasonable Compensation for his, her or their Loss of Time, Trouble and Expences; and if any Person so summoned as aforesaid, shall neglect or refnfe to appear at the time appointed by such Summons, and no just or reasonable Excuse shall be made, or sufficient causeafligned for such Absence; or if any Person appearing upon any such Summons shall refnfe to be examined upon Oath, it shall be lawful for the Justices present at such Special General Sessions, bj' War-van* under the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, to commit any such Person so neglecting orrefvfing to appear, or refusing to be examined, to the CommoQ Gaol or House of Correction of the County, for any time Imprisomcent, not exceeding Three Months.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices in such Special General tedious shall order Notice of Justices in Spr^ tfuch their Adjudication to be given by the respective Chief Constables to the several Constables of every Parish, GeneralSei-Township or Place in which the Powers and Provisiofs of this A6i are required to be enforced by any such chief Confhbles Adjudication as aforesaid, and to the Special Constables, if any shall have been appointed under this Act, and to reqUjre Lids to issue Precepts requiring from the said Constables, within such time as shall be required by the Justices, not to he wade by 'exceeding Three Days after such Notice, a fair and true Lift of the Names, Occupations and Ages of all the Petty Contte bier.

Men usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective Parishes, Township or Places, above the Age faII Men Above of Seventeen Years, and who are charged or assessed to the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor therein, and Years

to return the same to the said Justices, or to any Two of them, a/Tembled in such Special or Petty Sessions as Poor Rate* 0*

shall or may he appointed to be held for receiving the fame. be returned rk

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Constable required to return or assist in the Petty Setfiou*.*

making out any such Lift as aforesaid, to demand from the respective Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of Constables r« every such respective Parish, Township or Place, a true Copy of the A/Tc/Tment last made for the Relief of the demand Cop;

Poor therein, or the Inspection and Use of such Assessment, for making a Copy or Copies of the fame, or Ov^seer^n?

*any Part thereof, or Extracts thereof; and in case any fuel) Overseer or Overseel's shall neglect or refuse, by to delivet

the Space of Twenty four Hours, to deliver such Copy of the said Assessment, if the same shall be demanded, fame.

or shall refuse the Inspection and Use of such Assessment, he or they shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Penalty.

Pounds for every such Offence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Constable shall, and he is hereby required, within such Constables co p&

Time as shall be prescribed by the said Justices, to make out a true Lift of every Man within the Parish, turn Lift* of Township or Place, or any Part thereof, for which he shall be required to make out such Lift, above the Age

of Seventeen Years, and rated as aforesaid, and shall to every such Person deliver a Notice according to the ^0tice'to Parties Form contained in the Schedule hereto annexed, marked (A.), specifying that his Name is contained in such ppecifying Time Lift, and mentioning the Time and Place appointed by the Justices for hearing Appeals by Persons claiming and Place of

Xo be exempt from the Duties required or enjoined by this A it. Appeal

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, may from time Justices mayre*

'to time issue their Order under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of any Constable or other quire Atten-Officer of any such Parish, Township or Place, at such Time and Place within the said County, as shall in such dance of Cos*

Order be expressed; and if any such Constable or Officer shall without sufficient Excuse oegleit to appear jjft*

according to such Order, or to return any List which shall have been taken by him under this Act, or shall in efurno 1

making such Return be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or gross Neglect, he shall, for every such

Offence, be liable to forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings. Penalty.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any such Lift of any Parish, Township or Place, be lost or destroyed,; u/l»ces m.-yre-any Two Justices of the Peace for the County within which any such Parish, Township, or Place is situated, qnije new Lilts may at any Special or Petty Sessions, order and causea new Lift to be made and returned to them as aforesaid, if O/igiiuhluit,

'at such time as they may appoint.^&c#

IX. And be it enacted, That the Constables who shall have made any such Lifts, shall severally attend and Conihble to

'verify the said Returns on Oath, on such Day and at such Place as may be appointed; and the said Justices at verify Returns any Special or Petty Sessions held for carrying this Act into Execution, or any Two or more of them, shall, on Oath. after hearing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, direct such Lifts to be amended as the case may require, JUfhawf

and shall alto diredi the Names of all Persons omitted to beinferted; and after amending the said JLifts, shallmfjge Jn/cr of appoint such Number of Inhabitants so liable to undertake and execute the said Duties of watching and ward- watch ing and

ing, as the said Justices shall think necessary to keep Watch in every such Parish, Township or Place, every warding.

'Night from Sunset until Sunrise, and also to keep Ward during the Day-time, if need in their Judgment shall require (reasonable Regard being had to the Extent and Population of the said Parish, Township or Place); and shall also determine, settle, and arrange, the Order, Rotation and Time, in wh.ich every Person so liable to the Duty of watching and warding, mall undertake and perform the fame, and regulate the manner in which the said Duty shall be performed.

X. Provided always, and be it Further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, in any where it shall case in which it shall appear to tfcem that the Number of Persons rated to the Poor Rates in any Parish, Town^ ear that ship or Place, is not sufficient for the Duty of watching and warding under this Act, to require any other Number of Periods, and appoint any such Number of other Persons as may appear to them to be necessary to perform tip p^r^Rateln Duty of watching and warding under the Provisions of this Act; who shall be thereupon liable to perform Placet are such Duty, and subject to all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties and Provisions of not sufficient fvr this Act, as if they had been returned in the Eifts of the Persons rated to the Poor; and it shall be lawful for watching and the said Justices to allow to such Persons such Compensation for their Services as may appear to them to be warding. reasonable and proper to be paid in like manner as any Compensation to Persons watchif\g and warding is to

directed by this Act to be paid* Ufa!*

4 N -a OCI. And

636

Appeal

Special Scions to appoint Special Constables to regulate Watch and W-rd.

Custos Rotulorum, or Sheriff, may direct Act to be put in Execution before Sj*ecial General Sessions are met-

Chief Constables to visit and re port to Special Sctlions.

Refufincto watch or ward.

[Penalty.]

roviso for Persons above Fifty Years of Age, not occupying aol a Year.

Substitutes, approved by Petty Sessions or Chief Constables,

ConflabUs, at the Expence of Parillies, to provide mcelfary Arms, See. by

C. 17. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whose Name shall be inserted in any such List or Lists as aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved thereby, or by the Omission of any other Names, or shall claim to be exempted from serving, he may make Appeal to the Special or Petty Sessions appointed for hearing such Appeals; and that the Justices of the Peace then and there present, or any Two or more of them, may hear and determine the fame; and in case the fame Appeals cannot be heard on the Day appointed, they may adjourn to any other Day or Days.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at any Special or Petty Sessions, to appoint such Number, and of such Persons, whether rated or resident in the Parish or Place, or not, as to them shall appear fit and proper, to be denominated Special Constables, who, (in conjunction with or independent of the Constables for the time being) or One or more of them, according to the Order of the said Justices, shall direct, regulate and manage, from time to time, all Persons engaged or employed in keeping Watch or Ward: Provided always, that the said Special Constables, and all the said Persons so engaged or employed in watching or in warding, shall be subject to the general Superintendence and Controul of the Chief Constable in and for the Hundred or Division in which each of the said Parishes, Township or Places is respectively situated; provided that no Person, not resident in the Parish or Place for which he shall be so appointed a Special Constable, shall be obliged to serve as such against his Consent.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Custos Rotulorum, or Sheriff or Justices aforesaid, who shall direct the convening and assembling of any Special General Sessions as aforesaid, that the Circumstances under which they convene such Sessions, make it adviseable that watching and warding should be enforced with as little Delay as possible, if the Justices assembled at the Special General Sessions should deem the Execution of the A d necessary, it shall be lawful for such Custos Rotulorum % or Sheriff, or Justices, to give Notice to the Constables, and appoint other Special Constables, and require Lifts, and hear Appeals, and do all such Acts, Matters and Things, and use and exercise all Powers and Authorities for the completing of every Ad, Matter and Thing necessary, for the more speedy Execution of the Ad, if the Special General Sessions shall upon assembling deem it necessary to put the Provisions thereof in force; and all the Penalties, Forfeitures and Regulations in this Act, shall be applied for the enforcing such Directions of the Custos Rotulorum, Sheriff, or Justices aforesaid, as if the Special General Sessions nad adjudged the Ad to be carried into Execution; and in the mean time, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices to appoint Special Constables for the Purpose of watching and warding; and also to appoint any other Persons who may be willing to undertake the said Duty, until the Determination of the Special General Session shall be known $ and to direct the Payment to such Constables and Persons respectively, of Compensation in manner directed by this Act, as if the Provisions thereof were in force under the Adjudication of the Special General Sessions.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Constable of every Hundred or Division shall, once at lea ft in every Week, or as often as the said Justices shall direct, visit every Parish, Township or Place, in which Watch and Ward shall be carried on under the Provisions of this Act; and shall diligently inquire respecting the mariner in which the said Duties of watching and warding have been carried into Effect within the said several Parishes, Township or Places, and shall make and deliver a faithful Report of the fame, and of all Matters relating to the Preservation of the Peace, in Writing, to the Justices at their respective Special or Petty Sessions.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any Person so appointed to watch or to ward, shall neglect or refuse to appear at such Tftne and Place as shall be appointed by the Constable or Special Constable or Constables of the Parish, Township or Place, for the Performance of the said Duties, or either of them, or shall neglect or refuse to proceed according to the Directions and Orders of the Constable, or of the Special Constable or Constables of any such Parish, Township or Place, in the regular and pund.ual Performance of the said Duty, every such Person so neglecting or refilling, who shall not prove to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate that he was prevented by Illness, or such other unavoidable Accident as shall in the Judgment of the Justices be a sufficient Excuse, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor le£s than Forty Shillings for every such Neglect or Refusal; Provided nevertheless, that the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, at the said Special or Petty Sessions, may exempt and discharge from the Duty of watching or warding any Man exceeding the Age of Fifty Years, and not occupying Lands or Tenements of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person, who shall have found a sufficient Substitute, to be approved by the said Justices in the said Special or Petty Sessions, or by the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division in which the said Parish, Township or Place shall be situate, and who shall have inrolled the Name, Age, Occupation, and Place of Abode of such Substitute in the Book of the Constable, or his lawful Deputy, within the said Parish, Township or Place, shall be liable to any such Forfeiture; but that every such Substitute, so appearing and so being inrolled, shall be subject to the fame Duties and Authorities, and also to the same Penalties for neglecting or refusing to execute the fame, or obey such Authorities, as if he had been personally subject to keep Watch and Ward; unless he shall give Notice in Writing of hifr Intention to withdraw his Service as a Substitute, both to the said Constable and his said Employer, at least Two Days before the time when the Services of the said Substitute would become necessary, according to the Rotation or Succession established within the said Parish, Township or Place.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Constables of Parishes, Township or Places, shall* at the Expence of the fame, provide Rattles, Staves, Lanthorns, and such Weapons, Arms, and Accoutrements, as the said Justices shall at their said Special or Petty Sessions direct, for the Use of every Person so keeping Watch or Ward; such Arms and Articles to be delivered to every Person who shall undertake the said Duty of watching and warding, and to be returned by every such Person to the Special or other Constable of the

1^Watch

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 17. 637

Watch, as soon as any such Person shall cease to be engaged or employed in the said Duties of watching or D, re?l°n warding; and shall also provide, at the like Expence of the said Parities, Township or Places, such Watch 5Pecia House or Watch Houses, or other Accommodations and Conveniences as the said Justices shall in like manner adjudge necessary or expedient; and all such Expences shall be paid out of the Poor Rates of each Parish or Township, or if more Parishes or Township than One, out of the Poor Rates of the several Parishes or Township, and shall be raised and contributed in such Proportions as shall be settled by the Justices at Special or Petty Sessions 5 subject nevertheless to Revision, and any such Alteration as may appear to be proper by the Justices assembled at the next or any subsequent Special General Sessions, in case any Parish shall think the Proportions are not properly regulated by the Justices at such Special or Petty Sessions.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person so appointed to watch or to ward, shall, during his Duties of Per-respective time of watching or Warding, to the utmost of his Power, endeavour to prevent all Murders, so°* engaged Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, and all Felonies, Outrages, and Disorders; and for that End, each and every of them is hereby authorized and empowered to arrest and apprehend all Nightwalkers, Malefactors, Rogues,

Vagabonds, and other loose, idle, disorderly and suspicious Persons, who shall be found within the Precincts or any Part of his said Parish, Township or Place, and to deliver the Person or Persons so apprehended, as soon as conveniently may be, to the Constable, or to forae One of the Special Constables for the said Parish,

Township or Place, at the Watch House, or if there be no Watch House, at such other House or Place of Security as may be appointed for the Reception and Detention of such suspicious Persons or Offenders by the Constable of the said Parish, Township or Place, until he, she or they can be conveniently carried before some or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County in which such Parish, Township or Place is fttuated.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any One or more of the Persons keeping Watch or Ward Watchmen within any Parish, Township or Place, shall want any Assistance to enable him or them to perform any Part affiftthofein of the Duty hereby required to be done by him or them, then and in every such case any other of the Persons 5e^h.^rin* keeping Watch or Ward in the fame or any adjoining Parish, Township or Place, having Knowledge or '* s*

Notice thereof by the Rattle, or by other Signal, Outcry, or otherwise, shall and may, and is hereby required immediately to repair to and assist, by the best ways and means in his or their Power, and as the case may

require; but that no Person, during the time of keeping Watch or Ward as aforesaid, shall absent himself from his particular Stand or Walk, without the Consent and Direction either of the Constable or the Special Constable of the Night, unless on some such Occasion or Occasions as is or are above expressed, or for the Suppression of some Disorder of which he shall be an Eye or Ear Witness on some adjoining Stand or Walk, in the Absence of the Persons keeping Watch or Ward on the said adjoining Walk or Stand, nor longer on-any of the said Occasions than the Necessity of the case may require.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Constable or Special Constable so intruded as aforesaid with ConstabVs tp rt* the Direction, Regulation and Management of such Persons as may be required to perform the Duties of p^rt the Con-watching or warding shall respectively on every Night of such watching, and on every Day of such ward^ du<^ of persons ing, diligently observe and examine the Behaviour and Conduct of every Person so engaged or employed under wat^., nS or him in watching or warding; and shall enter in a Book to be kept for this Purpose the Name of every such Person, with the Hours of his Attendance, and with Remarks upon his Conduct, specifying whether he has been attentive and diligent, or disobedient and remiss in the Duty of watching or warding; and such Constable or Special Constable shall, once in every Week, or oftener if required, deliver such Book, containing such Report, and such other Observations as may arise in the Discharge of his Duty, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division in which such Parish, Township or Place is fttuated, or to such Person as the said Justices in such Special or Petty Sessions shall appoint to receive the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrates of any City, Borough, Town or Place, having Magistrates in

exclusive Jurisdiction as Justices of the Peace for the Preservation thereof within their respective Cities, Cities, &c. Boroughs, Town and Place, shall have full Power and Authority to carry this Act into Execution within "clufivt

the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; and it shall be lawful for any Two Magistrates to make any Secure Aft10 Adjudication or Order, or do any Act, Matter or Thing for which any greater Number of Justices is required within their re-by the Provisions of this Act, as to any County 5 and it shall be lawful for the Town Clerk of any such City, speflive Juris-Borough, Town or Place, if there shall be any such Officer therein, or if there shall be no such Officer, for didions.

any Person appointed by the Magistrates in that Behalf, to give any Notice required to be given by the Clerk of the Peace, for assembling any Special General Sessions; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers,

Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained and enacted as to any Counties, and Justices acting in any Counties, and as to carrying this Act into Execution within any County, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Places, the Magistrates whereof have exclusive Jurisdiction as Justices of the Peace, as fully and effectually as if all such Clause*, Provisions, Powers,

Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures were severally and separately re-enacted as to such Cities* Boroughs,

Towns and Places.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which the Expences attending har-

the Police or Preservation of the Peace in any City, Borough, Town or Place within any County, shall have ingfeperate been paid out of any Rate or Assessment made in such City, Borough, Town or Place, distinct from any Rates f.vPolic# Rate levied on the County, although the Magistrates in such City, Borough, Town or Place, shall not have Act

any exclusive Jurisdiction as Justices of the Peace, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Justices of the on those Rates, Peace w: th; n such City, Borough, Town or Place, to carry this Act into Execution within such City, and shall not be Borough, Town or Place, and to regulate the Payment of all Expences arising therefrom, separate and liable to*distinct from the County within which such City, Borough, Town or Place shall be situate; and no City, Coumy Rat*

Borough,

638 C. 17.

52° GEORGII m.

A.D. 181a.

Divisions of Places.

Katas may he levied in Extrr-parochial Places*

Bftrough, Town or Place, or Parish therein, in which any such Rate or AITcffm^nt shall have been raised or levied for the carrying this Act into Execution, or in which the Expence of carrying this Act into Execution shall have been paid out of the Poor or other Rates raised in the Parishes of such City, Borough, Town or Place, shall be liable to contribute to the raising of any Rate for the County at large, for the carrying this Act into Execution, nor shall any such Rates be levied in any Parish or Part of any such City, Borough, Town or Place, beyond the local Limits wherein the Duties of Watch and Ward shall be performed under the Provisions of this Act; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Powers, f c. XX(II. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities and Duties, Provisions, Clauses, Regula-

given to C«n- tions. Forfeitures and Penalties in this Act contained, in relation to Condables, shall extend and be condrued to^exten^ to every Headborough, Boriholder, Tythinginan or other Officer performing the Duty of Condable, roughs, 'l ything- by whatever Name such Officer may be called, as fully as if every such Officer was repeated in the several men, &c. Clauses relating to Condables in this Act.

Provisions of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions in this Act contained, in relation to any County,

Art to extend to shall extend to any Riding or Division within or for which separate General or Quarter Sessions are held, and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace in any County, City, Borough, Town or Place, to add any Extra-parochial Place to any Parish for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Provisions in this Act contained in relation to Parishes shall extend to all Townships or other Divi(ions of Parishes, and to all Extra-parochial Places added to any Parishes for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually as if all the Provisions, Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained had been severally and separately enacted, as to such Township, Division of Parishes, or Extra^parochial Places; and all Constables and Special Condables, and other Officers performing the Duties and having the Authority of Condables, shall have full Power and Authority in any such Extra-parochial Place; ana where there shall be no Rates levied in any such Extra-parochial Places, either for the Payment of any Expences of Police, or Preservation of the Peace, or for the Relief of the Poor, out of which any of the Expences of putting this Act into Execution can be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to cause Rates to be made and levied in such Extra-parochial Places for the Payment of such Expences, so that such Extra-parochial Places shall bear their fair Proportion of Expence with the Parish or Parishes to which they shall be added; and all Condables and others required to make and collect such Rates shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for the assessing, rating, levying and collecting the same as any Overseers of the Poor have by Law for the making and levying any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, as if all such Powers and Authorities, and Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect, were specially enacted in this Act as to such Rates.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Condable or Special Condable, in any case in which any Person offending against this Act shall upon Pursuit escape out of the Jurisdiction of such OftVndc«, out of Condable upon such Pursuit to apprehend such Offender at any Place, although out of his Jurisdiction, and do juriidiihon. Acts, Matters and Things, and exercise all such Authorities, and enjoy all such Privileges in relation to the

Apprehension and Arred of any such Offender, as if he had been taken and apprehended within the Jurisdiction of such Condable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person watching or warding in the Capacity of such Special Condable, shall, for ever)' Night and for every Day during which ne shall be so engaged, be entitled to receive such Compensations or Allowances as the Justices of the Peace, at any Special General Sessions so held as before mentioned, shall direct, for every Night and for every Day; and every other Person engaged in so watching or warding, shall (if his Behaviour shall have been satisfactory to the Condable or Special Condable of the Watch of that Parish in which he resides) be entitled to receive such Sum as the Justices at the said Special General Sessions shall direct, for every Night and for every Day which he shall be so employed; to be paid forthwith by the Condable of the said Parish, and repaid to the said Condable by the Overieer of the Poor of the said Parish, on being entered in a Book by such Condable, and delivered to such Overseer of the-Poor, after having been verified upon Oath before any One Justice of the Peace for the said respective Counties, and certified in Writing by such Justice, as having been so verified upon Oath, and as having been examined and allowed by the said Justice: Provided always, that any Person from whom any fetch Compensation for watching or warding shall have been so withheld by any Condable, may appeal to any Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Complaint arose, whose Decision concerning the same shall be conclusive on ail Parties.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace in any County, City, Borough, Town or Place, in whiph any Didurbances against the Peace shall prevail or be apprehended, and in which any Number of Persons shall, with the Approbation of the Majority of such Magistrates assembled at any Special General Session of the Peace within such County, City, Borough, Rites to Persons Town or Place, have voluntarily assembled for the Purpose of watching and warding, and shall watch and voluntarily a(To- ward under such Regulations as shall be approved of by such Magistrates as aforesaid, to allow to the Persons so watching and warding, (although such Watch and Ward shall hot be carried on under the Provisions of this Act) such Compensation for their Time as shall appear to such Magistrates to be reasonable and proper, out of any Rate or Assessment levied on such County, City, Borough, Town or Place, for the Police thereof, or out of the Poor or other Rates of the several or any of the Parishes thereof, in such Proportions as shall appear to them under all the Circumstances to be proper; and in any such case it shall be lawful for the Persons authorized to afiefs and levy such Rates, to raise any Sum or Sums of Money necessary for paying such Compensation as aforesaid, by sill such Powers, Authorities and Provisions, and under such Forfeitures and Penalties for Neglect or Refusal to pay any such additional Rate or Assessment, as they are by any Act or Acts of Parlia-

1 % menu

'Condables to apprehcMd

Compensation out of the Poor Rates to Special Condables and o'hcr Persons watching and

w aiding.

J'toviso,

Magistrates in Towns may allow Compen- at ion cut of Police or Poor

dating to watch and ward.

A.D. 181a. $2° GEORGII III. C. 17.. 639

ment, or Law or Lam authorized to use, exercise and put in force for rating the Rates out of which such Compensations are by this Act made payable; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Lawa to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault or refill any Person watch- AflTauhing Per-ing or warding, whilst in the Execution of his Office, or shall promote or encourage the fame, every such fons watching. Person, for every such Offence shall, upon Conviction before a Magistrate, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and shall be also liable to such other Punishment upon Conviction, on any Indict- Penalty, ment or Information, for such Offence, as any Persons are liable to for assaulting any Constable in the Execution of the Duties of his Office.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of any Public House shall knowingly Victualler* harbour or entertain or permit any Person so engaged in watching or warding, to abide or remain in his House harbouring chinking or tippling during the Hours and Times directed for watching or warding, every such Victualler or ^rdlchmfn-Keeper of a Public House shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and for the p

Second Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and for the Third and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Ten >cnaly* Pounds.

XXX. And whereas divers ill disposed and suspected Persons resort to Towns and Villages, and frequent

Places in which they have no fixed or permanent Residence, with Intention to seduce others to join in Disturbances against the Peace, or to aia and abet such Disturbances in other Counties and Places; and

although their evil Purposea are sufficiently manifested, Justices of the Peace have no effectual means of

removing them; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon Justices may re-Information upon Oath by any Constable, or other credible Witness, that any Person not being an Householder move Person^ in the Place, and not being legally settled therein, or a Native thereof, is, in the Belief of such Constable, or suspected to^be other credible Witness, upon his Oath, dangerous to the Peace of the Place where he is resorting, or that he dAnSerou, c*» is endeavouring to seduce others to aid and abet Disturbances therein, or in other Places, to issue a Warrant

to apprehend nich Person, and to cause such Person to come before them, and to examine such Person upon Oath as to the Parish or Place where he was last legally settled, and the Place or Places where he has resided for some time pad, and as to his means of Livelihood, and his Occupation and Employment, and Mode of living, and Reason for resorting to the Place where he is so found; and the Substance of such Examination shall be reduced to Writing, and signed by such Justices, and by the Person so examined, and shall be transmitted to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, there to be filed and kept of Record; and if such Person shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself, and of his Way of living, and of his Reasons for resorting to the Place where he shall have been at the Time of such Information of such Constable or other credible Witness as aforesaid, and it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justices, upon any such Examination, or upon the Examination upon Oatn of the Constable or other credible Witness (which Oaths the said Justices are hereby authorized to administer), that there is just Ground to believe that the Person so apprehended is engaged in Practices dangerous to the public Peace, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order such Person forthwith to return, or if he shall refuse to obey such Order, to remove such Person to the Place of his legal Settlement, if the fame can be ascertained, or if not, to the Place where he shall have last resided, in like manner as any Vagrants may now by Law be removed; and if such Person shall, after any such Order to return to his Place of Settlement or Residence, or Removal to such Place as aforesaid, return to the Place from which he shall have been so sent or removed as aforesaid, without shewing sufficient Cause, to be approved of by the said Justices; or if such Personshall upon his Examination refuse to answer; or if the Account which he has given of himself shall prove to be false, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the.

Second, intituled An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other 17 G.a. c. 5. ill disposed and disorderly Persons, and the Houses of Correction

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, to require Constable* to the Constables in any Parish or Place to make out and deliver to them, within such time as shall be required

by such Justices, and as often as the said Justices shall deem the same to be necessary, just and true Lists of all the Ac*

Persons usually residing or then being within the Parish in which the Lift shall be required, above the Age of Of I4<

Fourteen; and for the Purpose of making such Lifts, it shall be lawful for any such Constable to demand from

each Householder within the Parish a true Lift or Account of the Christian and Surname of every Person then

in the House of such Householder above the Age of Fourteen Years; and every Person who shall neglect or

refuse, on the fame being demanded, to give such Lift or Account to the Constable, or who shall knowingly

give any false Account, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every

Constable who shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Lift to the Justices who shall demand the p«n»ky*

fame, shall forfeit for any such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by Appeal, the Judgment of such Justices as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint

shall have arisen, such Person, at the time of such Judgment entering into a Recognizance personally to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled: Provided always, that such Appeal shall not have the Effed of preventing in the mean time the Execution of the Judgment of the said Justices, unless the Party appealing shall produce Two sufficient Sureties, being Householders of the Parish in which he was apprehended, who shall enter into a Recognizance in Recogn&mct*.

such

Offender* convicted before One pr more Justices. Forfe.tures levied by IMrcU.

Imprisonment.

F'rm of Conviction.

AppSal after Conviction to Onernl Quarter Selfio. s.

' Grrtiormri, General Special Session* to suspend or discon-linue Execution -afAd.

-Special Confta-l>1es or Watch-- men not to gain Settlement. Rights of 'Universities of Oxford and Cambridge not aftecled.

I /imitation of ^Actions.

/General Lflue.

[Treble Costs.]

Publick Act

C. 17. $1° GEORGII III. 4.D. 1811.

such Amount as the said Magistrates shall approve to prosecute such Appeal, and for the good Behaviour of such Person until the time of hearing the said Appeal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons guilty of any Offence for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall or may be incurred by this Act, shall and may be couvided thereof by Information upon the Oath of any One credible Witness, by any One or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County wherein such Offence shall be committed; and that all and every the pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred or become payable for any Offence or Offences against this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the P(eace for the County in which any such Offence or Offences was or were committed, or where the Forfeiture or Forfeitures was or were incurred 5 and shall, when levied, be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence was committed 5 and in case of no sufficient Distress whereby to levy the Penalties, or any or either of them, imposed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any such Just ice or Justices respectively, before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, to hard Labour, for such time not exceeding Three Months, as the said Justice or Justices in his or their Discretion shall think fit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect specified, in the Schedule to this Act, and marked (B) 5 and the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had or made, shall cause the fame so drawn up in Form aforesaid, to be fairly written on Parchment, and transmitted to the next General Quarter Sessions, to be kept among the Records of the said Court-: And in case any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be convicted of any of the Offences punishable by this Act, shall conceive him, her or themselves to be aggrieved by such Conviction, then and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons respectively, and he, she or they (bailor may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next holden after such Conviction in and for the said respective Counties, giving unto the Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be made, Notice in Writing, within Eight Days after any such Conviction of his, her or their Intention to prefer such Appeal; and the said Justices, in their said General Quarter Sessions, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed to the Hearing and final Determination of the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, to be paid by and to either Party, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as they in their Discretion shall think fit; which said Order shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties; and such Appeal, or the Subject Matter thereof, or any Order therein, shall not be removed by Writ or Writs of Certiorari or otherwise.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace, at any Adjournment of their said Special General Sessions, or at any future General Special Sessions convened or assembled in like manner as is hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may, according to their Discretion, suspend or discontinue the Powers and Provisions of this Act, in any or every of the Parishes, Township or Places, within their respective Jurisdictions; whenever it shall appear to them, upon sufficient Evidence, that the Disturbance of the Peace within any or every of the said Parishes, Township or Places, shall have effectually subsided or been suppressed, and that the Officers ordinarily appointed for the Preservation of the Peace are sufficient for that Purpose, as well as /for the Protection of the Inhabitants therein, and the Security of the Property lying or being in any or every of the said Parishes, Township or Places; and shall thereupon give Notice thereof to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be engaged or employed as a Special Cort-ftabue or Watchman, for the Purposes of this Act, shall thereby gain or acquire a legal Settlement in any Farish, Township or Place; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or in any manner to affect any J.urisdiction, Right or Privilege, Claim or Custom, of either of the Two Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, but that the Several Jurisdictions, Rights, Privileges, Claims and Customs respectively, shall remain in fuss Force and Effect; any thing in this Act contained to thexontrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be itiurther enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, that every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County wherein the Cause or alledged Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and : the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City or Place, that then and in such case the Jury shall find for such Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the Jf<une.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 17 — -20. 641

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts A&altered, &o to be pafl*ed in this Session of Parliament.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of Continuance of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

AKE

SCHEDULE (A.)

Watching and Warding.

Notice, That your Name is inserted in the Lift 5 and Appeals will be heard on the Day of at

A.B.

Constable.

SCHEDULE (B.)

TIE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, A B. of is duly convicted before me [or,

us] One of the Justices [or, Two of the Justices] of the Peace for the

under an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act \Jhcrt insert the Title of this Act2 for that the said A.B. on at

dia contrary to the said Act: Wherefore, I [or, we] the said

do adjudge that Given under

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Trice of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for encouraging the Manufadvre of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation G.j. c. 50.

of Oak Barif when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time; which was to continue in force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

and which Act has been by several Acts, passed in the Twenty fourth, Thirtieth, Thirty sixth and Forty

fourth Years of His present Majesty, been continued until the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act i6 near expiring; and it is expedient that the fame should be made per-

petual, as amended by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Amended by the said Act, so continued and amended by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, shall 44 0.3. c.$j. be and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of 5CG. 3. C.XT. Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[20th Alarch 1812.]

CAP. XI

An Act to continue several Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and to permitting Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in any Ship or Vessel, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to the amending an Act for Consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

4 W and it is expedient that the fame IhoulcT be further continued 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made 49 G. 3. c.as in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit, until the Twenty continued till fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from Mmh ay, any Place whatever, and which was further continued by an Act of the last Session of Parliament until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

52 Geo. III. 4 O II. And

642

49 G*3* c*49' continued tiil March IS*

1815.

50O.J. c.ai. continued till M irch 25, 1814.

C. 20, 21. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty# intituled An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to he imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and continuing so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP. XXI.

5 Eli*, c. X. $16. 7 Jac.i. c. 6. §8.

XW.&M. felt i. c. 8.

The Or<h* ad-toinftered to the Persons herein turned declared valid.

An Act to render valid and effectual certain Oaths administered to and taken by certain Members of the House of Commons before Deputies of the late Lord Steward of His Majesty's Hoafehold, during the Vacancy of the said Office.

[20th Aiarch 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for the Assurance of the Quecnys Royal Power over all Estates and Subjects within her Dominions; and by another Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act for administering the Oath of Allegiance and Reformation*of married Women Recusants; and by another Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths; it is provided and enacted, that every Person which should thereafter be elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen or Burgess, or Baron for any of the Five Ports, for any Parliament thereafter to be holden, before he shall enter the Parliament House or have any Voice there,

openly receive and pronounce the Oaths required by the said recited Acts to be taken before the Lord«Steward for the time being or his Deputy or Deputies: And whereas Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish Esquire, who was on the Eighth Day of February last returned to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, did on the Twenty seventh Day of February take the Oaths required by the said Statutes before Sir James Graham Baronet, who had been by Commission bearing Date the Twenty second Day of June in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, under the Seal of Heneage Earl of Aylesford, then Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, constituted, named and appointed One of the Deputies of the said Lord Steward, to administer and receive the Oaths required by Law to be taken before the said Lord Steward*or his Deputy or Deputies or any One of them: And whereas the Honourable Lawrence Dundas Doctor of Civil Law, who was elected on the Fourteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven to serve in this present Parliament for the City of York, did on the Third Day of March last take the said*Oaths before Peter Moore Esquire, who was also by the said hereinbefore mentioned Commission appointed*One of the Deputies of the said Lord Steward: And whereas the said Hen/age Earl of Aylesford did on the Nineteenth Day of February last, and before the said Days respectively on which the said Oaths were administered to the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundas as aforesaid, resign his Office of Lord Steward, and by reason whereof the said Sir James Graham and Peter Moore had no Power or Authority to administer or receive the said Oaths: And whereas the said Oaths were administered to the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundas, and received by the said Sir James Graham and Peter Moore without the Knowledge of the Resignation of the said Lord Steward, and that the Powers and Authorities given by the said Commission bad ceased and determined: And whereas the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundas did thereafter enter into and fit and vote in the House of Commons; and it is expedient that the Oaths so as aforesaid administered to and taken by the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundas be rendered as valid and effectual as if the said Commission had been then in full force and effect; and that the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavend'tfh and Lawrence Dundas should severally and respectively be indemnified against any Penalties, Forfeitures, or Disabilities by Law imposed relative to any such Acts, Matters and Things, as aforesaid : Be it therefore coasted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Oaths fa administered to and taken by the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundas shall be, and the same are hereby rendered as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Commission had been in full force and effect at the times of taking the said Oaths by them respectively; and the said Henry Frederick Compton Cavendish and Lawrence Dundas shall be, and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmless, and discharged from all Penalties, Forfeitures or Disabilities# for and in respect of all or any such Acts, Matters or Things, by them done as aforesaid.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 22. 643

CAP. XXII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. \20tbi March 1812.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a (landing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain

4 W and Ireland, in time of Peace, iimefs it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law 2 And whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the PofiefOons of His Majesty's

Crown, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of Two hundred and forty five thousand Number of

nine hundred and ninety six effective Officers and Men including His Majesty's Forces serving in the Eajh Forces 345, 99

Indies: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any

Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his

Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite

for the retaining of all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and

that Soldiers who shall mutiny or dir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a

more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow; 9 Be it therefore enacted,

by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Officer at

Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Private Man

Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause or

join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours c r ng*

to suppress the fame, or, coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not, without

Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer 5 or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy;

pr shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Poll or Guard committed to his Charge, or

which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any

Garrison, Fortress or Poll, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame; or shall (peak Words, or

use any other means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to mi(behave before the*.

Enemy; or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved;

or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to found deeping

any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way upon or desert-

whatsoever 5 or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence,n5 h, s &c*

or Licence of the General or Chief Commander 5 or shall strike or use any Violence against his superior Offi- or striking or

cer, being in the Execution of his (Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; or d'foheying hi

shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the matters before "I*"01

mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's

Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land, or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as Punishment.

by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier Soldiers infilled who shall desert His Majesty's Service, shall be exempt from the Pains and Penalties imposed by this Act fory

such Offence by again inlisting into His Majesty's Service; but any such Soldier shall, not with (landing such ?egimfn^ subsequent Inlistment, be deemed to have deserted His Majesty's Service, and shall in like manner suffer c"

Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Soldiers, who of Right belong to Corps from which they Deserters inlist*

have deserted, may be proceeded against and tried for deferring any other Corps in which they may. after- ing in another wards have inlisted, or from His Majesty's Service, if they shall not after such subsequent inlisting have been Regiment,

placed in any Corps, or for any Crime committed by them whilst serving therein Be it enacted by the Pun, (bed bX.Authority aforesaid, That every such Soldier shall be liable to be tried by a Court Martial, and punished in such^ra, e^|t, J, like manner as if he had originally enlilled in, and of Right belonged to the Regiment, Corps, Troop, Com- &c# S9pany, Detachment or Party in which he shall be at the time of any subsequent Desertion, or committing any Offence, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to feme other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Company, Detachment or Party, and had not been discharged therefrom: Provided always, that if such Person shall be claimed by such other Regiment, Corps, Troop or Provtt* Company, Detachment or Party, and be proceeded against as a Deserter therefrom, his subsequent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably inlisted, may (unless he shall already have been tried for the fame) be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime; previous Notice being always given to such Deserter of the Fast or Fasts intended to be produced iu Evidence upon his Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the case of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier Deserter tried and convicted of Desertion, whensoever the Court Martial, which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial, transpQrte#

shall not think the Offence deserving of capital Punishment, such Court Martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Punishment, adjudge the Offender, according to the Nature of the Offence, if they shall think /it,

to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years; and also, if such Court shall think fit, to be at the Expiration of such Term of Years at the Disposal of His Majesty for Service as a Soldier in any of His Majesty's Forces at Home or Abroad for Life, or otherwise, as His Majesty shall think fit 5 and every such Soldier mall be subject to any Law or Articles of War, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion;

402 and

0.2 2.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

returning before and if such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, having been adjudged to be transported as a Felon,

Expiration of afterwards (without T.eave from Mis Maiefl-V. or from thp finvernnr nr Commandinor Oflfir'Pr of tV»*» Pla

Term,

Death,

His Majesty, where Courts Martial award a Capital Punifti-

transported.

Sentence of Transportation in India, &c. notified by OCBcer commanding in Chief to Judge of Supreme Courts.

portation as by 59 & 40G.3.79* §iJ.

shall

afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Possessions abroad other than the Place to which he shall have been transported before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be convicted thereof in the ordinary Course of Law, every such Person shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

V. Provided, and be it enacted, That in all cases wherein a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court Martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing fsch Sentence to be carried into Exe-v,piuii ruu.i.r cution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to ment, may order His Majesty shall seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, Offenders to be shall afterwards (without Leave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been transported, ) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, or in any of Ht3 Majesty's Possessions abroad, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, whenever any Sentence of Transportation passed by any Court Martial holden in the East Indies or in His Majesty's Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon, or in any Settlement occupied by His Majesty's Forces beyond the Cape of Good nope, is to be carried into Execution, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by the Sen* tence of any such Court Martial, upon Condition of Transportation, the same shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in Chief His Majesty's Forces in India, or in the Absence of the Officer commanding in Chief, then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George or Bombay, or the Chief Justice or other Tulnf ^u<^ge at the of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope, or any such other Settlement as aforesaid, and there-

Bnf, ahnn, # " upon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the

Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon the fame, as any such Judge is authorized to make or do, under an Act passed in a Parliament holden in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for establishingfurther Regulations for the Government of the Britishi Territories in India, and the better Ad minijlration of Justice within the same, with respect to Offenders ordered to be transported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India, and the Governor and Council of such Presidency respectively shall, and they are hereby required to take Order for the Transportation of all such Offenders accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His Majesty may, from time to time, grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts Martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like manner as has been heretofore used; and that His Majesty may likewise, from time to time, by His Royal Commission, empower the Chief Governor or Gover-

nors of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, the Governor of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, or the Person or Persons there commanding in Chief His Majesty's Forces for the time bring, and may also from time to time

extend His Royal Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, and to any General or other Officer having the Command of a Body of His Majesty's Forces within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer commanding such Body of Forces for the time being* empowering them respectively to appoint General Courts Martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts Martial, as Occasion m3y require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of their Forces under their several Command, whether the same shall have been so committed before or after such General Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; all which Courts Martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their Proceedings according to the several Provisions herein after specified.

Persons accused XVProvided also, That if any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, or Soldier, shall be accused of any of Capital Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of auy of His Majesty's

Crimes, Stc. Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer and Officers of every

delivered over to Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to tote driver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such

Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, tQ deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon any Information or Indictment in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fado cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, if such Conviction shall be in Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in Dublin, if such Conviction shall be in Ireland*

The King may grant Commir-fion lor holding Courts Martial, Jcc.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 22.

645

General Court Martial to con-fit of n or9Cornmifliooed Officers. Exception.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all General Courts Martial held under the Authority of this Act, shall consist of Thirteen or Nine Commissioned Officers, as the Case may require 5 except the same shall be holden upon any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, or Private Soldier of His Majmy's Forces, which shall be serving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in which Cases any General Court Martial may consist of any Number not less than Seven; and except the same shall be holden in Africa or in New South Wales, in which Places such General Courts Martial may consist of any Number not less than Five 5 of whom none shall be under the Degree of a Commission Officer; nor shall the President of any General Court Martial be the Officer commanding in Chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no General Court Martial, confiding of any less Number than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, unless holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa or New South Wales as aforesaid, shall sentence any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to Loss of Life or Limb, or Transportation.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ea, That it shall be lawful for any such General Courts Martial, by their Sentence or Judgment, to infli& Imprisonment or Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as such Court shall think fit, on any Soldier for Immoralities, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Court Martial to sentence any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to Imprisonment in any House of Correction,

Common Gaol or Public Prison'; and all Gaolers and Keepers of such Houses of Correction or Prisons shall receive into their Custody, and keep in Confinement for such time as they shall be respectively required so to do, any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who may have been sentenced to Imprisonment by any General 6r other Court Martial, and shall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, according to the Sentence of such Court during the Period of his Imprisonment, upon receiving* an Order in Writing from the Commanding Officer of the District within which such General Court Martial shall have been held, or from the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Corps to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier so tried by any Regimental Court Martial as aforesaid shall belong; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a House of Correction or Prison who (h ill refuse to receive and to confine any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier in manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information for the Use of His Majesty.

[Proviso.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to be imprisoned as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment during the time of such Imprisonment; and also, that during the Continuance of any such Imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or House of Correction shall receive the Sum of Nine Pence ter Diem out of the Subsistence of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier during the time that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall c< ntinue in Custody, which said Sum the Secretary at War is hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid to the said Gaoler or Keeper aforesaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing signed by any Justice of the Peace for the County or Riding in which such Gaol Prison or House of Correction shall be locally situate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the Lid Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier was confined: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, if he should think fit, to order the I flue and Payment of the Surplus of such Pay or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial, to be Officers sworn. held by virtue of this Act, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon,

shall take the'following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelills, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorized to administerthe fame); that is to say,

VOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you God.*

4 A.B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better

*Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affection

and if any Doubt shall ariie (which is not explained by the said Articles, or A 6t of Parliament) according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like cases; And I further swear,

That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some Person duly authorized by him 5 neither will I, upon any Account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.*

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administerto the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

I A.B.

General Court Martial in fen- tencing Soldier to Lois of Life, See.

Inflicting cor-p ral Winifoment, See. for Immoral ties, Sec.

Sentencing Non-commissioned Officer* or Sold ers to House of Correction , &c.

Gaolers refuting to receive them. Penalty.

Such Non Commissionea Officer* and So'diersto forfeit Pay. Allowance te Gaoler's, Sic.

Oaths hv Mem-

be is of General; Court MarlUL.

Judge Advocate sworn.

646

The Oath.

In Sentences of Death, wlut Number of Officers shall concur, &c.

Hours of Trial*

'Witnesses attending Couns .Martial privileged from Arrest.

Witnesses not

attending,

attached.

Offenders beyond Sea, &c. tried here, dec*

Persons offering to be falsely mustered.

Punishment.

Horses falsely muilered.

[Penalty.]

How levied.

Soldiers giving Information of false Mullers. Discharge.

3 Car. I.

31 Car. 2. c. 1. §54.

Constables, ice. in England to

C. 22. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

I A.B. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the e Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein (except such General Court Martial shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa or in New South Wales, as aforesaid); and in all cases where a Court Martial shall consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa, and in New South Wales as aforesaid, when the same shall consist of a lefTer Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Pi ocefs issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit iu a summary way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court Martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Court of King's Bench, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, in like manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Soldier shall, in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue of this Act, and shall come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Islands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court Martial for such Offence; such Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished for the fame, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be mustered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by Two Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County residing near the Place where such Mutter shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing, under the Hand of the Commissary of the Mutters, or Mutter Matters as aforesaid, made to such Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of Ten Days: And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly lend or fumish any Horse to be mustered, which shall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop so mustered, the said Horse so falsely mustered shall be forfeited to the Informer, if the fame doth belong to the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse 5 or otherwise the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Mutter shall be made; which Twenty Pounde shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner; and in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction; then, and in such case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice; and the said Forfeiture shall be given or paid to such Person or Persons that shall give Information thereof; and the said Informer or In-. formers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

XLV. And whereas, by the Petition of Right, in the Third Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the fojouming of Soldiers against their Wills 5 and by a Clause in an Act of the British Parliament, made in the One and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred sixty two Pounds Sevente*en Shillings and Three pence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, That no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should from thenceforth presume to place, Quarter or billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Subject, Sojourner or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any Demand or Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at this time, and during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops and Companies, in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana 1 Ireland f Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of this

g Act,

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III. C. 22. 647

Act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs and quarter Officers other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Villages, and other Places within England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tnvecd> and, in their Default or Absence, for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and Persons receiving Pay in His Majesty's Army, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses,

Victualling Houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places

thereunto belonging; other than and except Canteens held and occupied under the Authority of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and other than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen

of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day

of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their

Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who

keep Taverns only, have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong but in no tJHlil-

Waters, Cyder or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Houses le'r< or Shop-

of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places for diddling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the House of any keepers Houses, '

Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Houses!*

Strong Waters, (so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses)

and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any time be ordered than

there areeffective Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets when made out by such Chief Magistrates

or Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officers present: And if any Constable, Constables, &c.

Tithingman, or such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer ^riv^Houses or Soldier in any such private House, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such case such Owner &c# '

or Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that Penalty.

such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby: And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to quarter Officers quarter-

Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Cumpulfion to contrary to

or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any*c'

of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence, (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso faSo cashiered, and shall be Penalty,

utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service;

provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Session9 of the Peace of the said County, and a

Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to

the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War: And in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such

Constable, Tithingman or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate, (fuclr Chief Officer or Magistrate not

being a Justice of the Peace, ) has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he

ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Division, City or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief

Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then, on Complaint made to Two or more Justices of the

Peace of such Division, City or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve

such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as they shall see Cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such

Soldiers accordingly.

LVI. And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billetting the Soldiers in pursuance of this Justices mav Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One order Constables or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, in any Part of to £lve Ac-the United Kingdom, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand or Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any ^"f Soldiers* time or times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, quavered Beadle or other Officer, who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account

in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the Names of the floufekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses? to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful ror any Justice of the Pekce Justices may at the Request of any Officer or Non Commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Quarters or extend Routes Billets, in any case in which it shall appear to such Officer or Justice that better Accommodation can be given"denlirSe to the Troops by extending any Route or enlarging the District, within which Quarters and Billets shall be'UAners' required, to enlarge such Route, and extend such Quarters and Billets in such manner as shall be most convenient to the Troops to be quartered and billetted; any Act, Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And, that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and Officer^ecjivinj His Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and P*y to iettle after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, every Officer to whom it P!^an belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the Pay or Subsistence Money, either for a whole Regiment, " p*or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall every Four Day9, or before the Troops shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Persons keeping

Inns,

Rites to Innkeepers for Diet.

Officers not satisfying Ac-co unts.

[Penalty.]

Providing Carriages for Forces marching in England.

Warrants to specify Places to which Carriages shall travel, Sec.

Rates for Carriages.

C. 22. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Act, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to either of them respectively; Provided the said Demands exceed not, for a Commission Officer of Horse, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Two Shillings; nor for One Commission Officer of Dragoons, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling; nor for One Commission Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling; nor for One Light Horseraan's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence; nor for One Dragoon's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven pence; nor for One Foot Soldier's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem> Five pence; nor for each Horse which shall be quartered under the Authority of this Act for Hay and Straw for such Horse, per Diem, Six pence: And if any Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, shall not satisfy, content and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were, (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer), the Secretary at War is hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the fame is owing, ) to give Orders to the Agent of the Troop or Company to pay and satisfy the said Sums, and to charge the fame against such Officer.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto, by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordhan'ce, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto One or more of them by the Quartermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non Commissioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and specifying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall, by virtue of such Order as aforesaid, be required to travel, which shall not exceed the Day's March of the Troops, as prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, unless in case of pressing Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no case whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division or Precinct, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same time, to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses shall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, respectively, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel 5 and the Sum of Six pence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four pence, for every Mile any Waggon with Four or more Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel; and not exceeding Three pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or District assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the time of fixing such additional Rates 5 for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be stamped) to the Person or Persons paying the lame: And such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and fumi(h such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnifti the fame accordingly; and no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of HoHes or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding 2 And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 22. 649

Troop or Company the Carriage was provided, shall force and con/lrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Officer* forcing Carriage, to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Magistrate's Warrant, or shall not discharge the fame Waggon*0 train due time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Magnate's*11 Servant (except such as are sick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid; Wirrant spect. or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by threatening or menacing Words to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselve6, Servants or Soldiers, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof bring made upon Penalty.

Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, who is hereby authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and for deducing the fame out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, that in cases where the Day's March of the Troops shall exceed Fifteen Further Com-Miles, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like manner to the Owners of the said Carriages pensation for as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magistrate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding ^Jrrias5*ln. the usual Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided also, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any cani'oTrcturn General Sessions of the Peace, fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in ad- fame Day on dition to the customary Rates of One Shilling, and Nine pence, and Six pence per Mile respectively, shall whichimpreflcA specify the Period for which the same shall be in force, and which shall not in any case exceed Ten Days beyond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District next ensuing the Date of such Order; and a Copy of every such Order, signed by the Chairman or presiding Magistrate, and One other Justice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at which the same shall be made, shall within Three Days after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Order shall be valid or effectual, unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid: Provided always, that in every case of Provffi*. any increased Rate being allowed for the Hire of any Carriage, the Justice of the Peace granting or signing the Warrant shall insert in his own Hand the Amount of such increased Rate for each Description of Carriage, as so authorized by the Justices at Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, and such Warrant shall be given to the Officer or Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Regiment, Corps, Company, Detachment or Party requiring such Carriages, as his Voucher for the Payment of such increased Rate, and no increased Rate shall be demanded but such as shall be so inserted by the Justice iti the Warrant.

LXIV. And whereas it may sometimes become necessary in cases of Emergency to provide proper and speedy means for the Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents,

Baggage, and other Equipage of and belonging to His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also of the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to such Forces: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as*His Majesty may in such cases think fit to issue, in pursuance of the Powers by Law vested in Him for the Advancement oi the general Good and public Welfare of the Realm Be it therefore further enacted by In cases of the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Order, distinctly stating that such Emergency Juf-case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, for the time being, to any General or Field f* «-

Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Commissary in Chief of Stores and Provisions at Home, to authorize such General or Field Officers or Commissary in Chief as aforesaid, by proriding Saddle Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His said Majesty, to require all Justices of the Peace within Horses and Four their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties and Precincts in England, Wales, and Town of wheeled Curri-Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned; and such Justice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned Im, a, '°ye"e '* shall be brought and /hewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Master, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to be conveyed* or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precin#, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, Wains and Carts kept by, or belonging to, any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses,

Coaches, Chaiies, and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges and other Vessels, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure or of Goods, Wsu-es or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Constables sufficient time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and in case such sufficient Carriages,

Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty or PrecinA, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precind, shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or /hewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, or Petty Constables, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred or Precin&, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Offi- Officess demm* cers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Justices of the Peace, are to demanding them, to pmy the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels therein mentioned, of the Constable or Petty Constable , or H, re fud? to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay 5u^V*iullicw S % Geo. I|I. + P diVn

c5°

C. 2 2.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

them Arms, Accoutrement*, BjJ&age, &c.

Officers forcing Horses, See. to travel beyond Distance speci-fiediti Warrant*

[Penalty.]

fthcmselves.

down iu Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Bo3ts, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular case, but making no Allowance for Poll Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River cr Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels, whilst employed in such Service, or returning therefrom); for which said respective Constable to g»ve gum an(j gums f0 received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Stamped*order hut without any Stamp, to the Person or Persons paying the fame; and such Constable or Petty

Horses, &c. to Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other be provided. Vessels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnifti such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, Military Officer* who are hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful in such may convey on cases, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels shall be provided in such cases; to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame respectively, uot only the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: But if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, to travel or proceed beyond the Distance or Place to be allowed and specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence or Order of One or more other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof

thereof heing made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or

Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precind, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precind, and for deducting the fame out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, Relief of Persons from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, when and as

haitily enlisting often as any Person or Persons shall be inlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours, after such inlisting respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be inlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have inlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place and acting for the Division or District where such Person or Persons shall have been inlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such inlisting; and upon such Declaration and returning the Inlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, together with such full Rate allowed by Law for the Subfiilence or Diet and Small Beer furniftied to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been inlisted, such Person or Persons so inlisting shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in lfts own Presence to cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the adlntnifter^cer11^ Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section, of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Dcfer-.um Oadij^61" tien, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), or if the Person shall be desirous of inlisting without any Limitation of Period of Service, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inhfting and swearing, together with the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Att annexed marked (C.), if the Oath in the Form marked (A.) shall have been taken, and in the Form marked (D.) if the Oath in nie Form marked (B.) shall have, been taken, except in the case of Recruits inlisted to serve either in his Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit in pursuance of an A&passed in the Thirty -.ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act for better recruiting the Forces of the East India

tec tottke1^ C°mfanyin which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath con-

OathofAlls- tainrd in the Schedule (A.) or (B.) to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Inlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and except also in the case of Recruits inlisted for the.

5

Such Persons not prying Inlying ami Sult-fjftpnce ney within limited Time deemed inlisted

Justices to Tead over to them cert? in Stations of Ar-

Recruits inlisted under 39 G.3 c 109. for

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII IIT.

C. 22.

65l

special Purpose of serving in the East Indies, in the Forces of the East India Company only, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend Two ABs relating to the raffing Men for the Service of the East India Company, and the quartering and billetting such Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial, in which case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, take the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.)» and instead of the Oath of Service contained in the Schedule (A.) or ( B.) to this Act annexed, shall take the Oath directed to be taken by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.). and the Justice or Magistrate shall certify such Inlistment and Swearing accordingly, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (I.); and if any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain and coniine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity 5 and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muster 5 and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner a9 any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered: Provided always, that every Non Commissioned Officer or Private Soldier who shall inlist any Recruit, (half, at the Time of such inlisting, esquire the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing, or give the same to the Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to be so taken down: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily inlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his DiflVnt under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was inlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Commissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the fame: Provided always, that in every case wherein'any Person shall have received Inlisting Money, and shall have absconded or have abiented himself from the Party as aforesaidi so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend him, and bring him before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Magistrate before whom the Recruit would regularly have been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of fufch Person', and the Magistrate to whom the Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Person who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty's Secretary at War, in order that in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Fasts of his having received inlisting Money, and having absconded, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter as having been duly inlisted.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up us a Deserter, from any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for Desertion or any other Offence, shall in the Pretence of the Magistrate confess himself to be a Deserter from any such Regiment or Corps, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any such Regiment or Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually inlisted as a Soldier or not.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Master in England shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act enlist as a Soldier in his Majesty's Land Service, unleisfuch Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound; and if in Ireland for the full Term of Five Years at the leait, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, nd before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (GJ, and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (L.)

XCII. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler to whom any Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for any Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice to the Secretary at War before the Day on which the Imprisonment of such Person will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence of the Period of Expiration of such Imprisonment.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Regiment or Company shall be relieved at any Station or Place beyond the Seas, in order to their return to Great Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in Chief at J10I1 Station or Place respectively, to inlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Company, returning to Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who (Kail appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which shall be appointed to remain 5 and every Soldier so inlisted shall be'and is hereby deemed to be discharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before served; and the Occasion of his quitting such former Coips shall be recited in the inlisting Certificate; a Duplicate, or an attested

4 P 2 Copy

Recruits inlisted under 50 G. 3. c. 87. to lake O fhs in Schedules (G.) and (H.)

Name and R«fl,

dence of Recruits taken.

Justices may discharge Persons hastily inlisting

themfalves.

Magistrate* to transmit to Secretary at War Duplicates of Certificates of Name and Rtfidence of Persons receiving Inlisting Money, and absconding.

Persons furren-dering as Deserters deemed duly inlisted.

Masters in land how entitled to c!cim Apprentice*

Gaolers to give Notice of Expiration of Imprisonment of Soldiers.

Where Corpa beyond Seas relieved to return Home, such Men as choose may be inlisted, ScC,

Justices may commit Deserters.

C. 22.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Taking up Deserter*.

Reward.

Concealing

Desertera.

Copy whereof, shall be delivered to such Soldier, to protect him from being anyways mole (led upon Suspicion of his having deserted.

1 XCVII. And whereas several Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and are often found*wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service, It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person 5 and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, ana ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other publick Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Martial in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act marked (N.), to the Secretary at War for the time being in London; or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any time be confined, shall receive such Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from time to time be directed in that Behalf, and the Keeper ot every Gaol, House of Correction, or other public Prison of the City, Town or Place, at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine every such Deserter, who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier who shall be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant or Authority, while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended, to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Deserter mall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while the Party or Person conveying him shall halt on the March; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVIII. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters from His Majesty's Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall, upon receiving an Authority from the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or an Order given under the Authority of the Chief Governor or Governers of Ireland, also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township in Great Britain, where any Deserter shall be so committed, or being charged with being a Deserter as aforesaid, or in Ireland, to the Collector or Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue in the District where any Deserter shall be so committed, or being charged with being a Deserter as aforesaid, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall appreheud or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Deserter as shall be apprehended and committed; which Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

from

XCIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal oraffift any Deserter >m His Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such

Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter did belong; and in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for Receiving Arms, the Space of Six Months: Provided also, that if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or Clothes, &c of otherwise receive from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person upon any Account or Pretence whatiocver, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provision, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds 5 or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Holies, belonging to His Majesty* Service, from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such,

[Penalty.]

Distress.

[Penalty.]

Soldiers or Deserter*, &c.

Penally.

12

or

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 22. 653

or shall move, procure, counsel, solicit or entice any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such. Buying Oats, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending foTifs

shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds 5 and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or Majesty's^sr-more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective vjcc#

Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Penalty.

Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said last men- h-w levied, tioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Colonel or other Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter or Soldier did belong 5 and in case any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Meat, Drink,

Beer or other Provisions, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or of having caused

the Colour of such Clothes totebe changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other

Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service from any Dragoon

or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counselled, solicited or enticed, any

Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw

or other Forage, as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels

whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence,

or shall not pay such Penalties within Four Daye after such Conviction, then and in such case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Imprisonment.

Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to

be publicly or privately whipped at the Discretion of such Justice.

Cl. And whereas Soldiers, absent from their Regiments on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are sometimes prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Casualty from returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether, in such

cases, the Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace be sanctioned by legal Authority,

and effectual for preventing such Soldier from seeing apprehended upon Suspicion of his having deserted his

Regiment* Be it further enacted, That any Inspecting Field Officer stationed on the Recruiting Service, Justices granting or any Officer of the Rank of Captain, or of lupenor Rank, stationed within the District, or in case there be Extension of no such Officer as aforesaid within a convenient Distance, that any Justice of the Peace may, and he is hereby Furlough on authorized to grant, in Writing under his Hand, an Extension of Furlough to any Non Commissioned Officer £c

or Soldier applying for the fame, on Account of Sickness or other Casualty> which shall, on due Enquiry, c

appear to render such Extension necessary; and that every such Officer or Justice of the Peace, who shall grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier an Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the fame, with the Cause of its being so granted, to the Agent of the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall belong j and that such Non Commissioned Omcer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same: Provided always, that nothing in this proviso.

Act contained /ha 11 be construed to exempt any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough /hall

have been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provisions of this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Extension of his Furlough by false Representation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any Justice of the Peace for Provifa. any longer Period than One Month, unle/s with the Approbation of the General Officer commanding in the District where such Soldier shall be.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall Justice of Peace,

be granted as aforesaid in England, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier graining Kxten-

to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace granting the fame, or where fion of Furlough, the same shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace, upon the Production oJJcTparish of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in officer* to &d-Writing under his Hand upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, vance Pay. wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall fee extended as aforesaid; such Justice of the Peace taking particular Care to state upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement of his Signature, and further, specifying upon the Order to the Parish Officer the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed; and the fame so authorized shall be paid accordingly, upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parish Officer out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and Howre-lia-the Sum so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, upon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the Surfed. Collector of Excise of tfee District within which such Parish, Township or Place shall be situated, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Parish Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any publick Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Ca/h in the Payment of Duties of

Excise

654

Agent* of Regiments to repay Money so advanced.

Justice* cf Peace granting Extension of Furlough in Scotland empowered to order Collectors of Excise to advance Pay to Soldiers.

Agents of Regiments to repay Money advanced.

Commifisries upon miking up Accounts, or returning from Foreign Service, to take Oath.

Officers, Storekeepers fcc. embezzling, Sec. Military Stores, Mcc. tried by Court Martial.

Penalty.'

Distress.

Committal.

Application of Forfeiture.

Paymaster, fcc. making Deduction out of Officers or Private Men's Pay.

Exception.

Treasury may iflfue Money due fur Clothing.

C. 21. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Excise received by him 5 and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England, or any Three or more of them to draw for and receive the same 2 Provided always, that if any Jallice of Peace shall not think (it to make such Order for paying any such Money as «foresaid, he shall (late his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in Scotland, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful to the Justice of the Peace granting the fame, or where the same shall be granted, by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an Order in Writing, under his Hand, upon the Collector of the Excise of the District wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall reside, or the Person officiating for such Collector, requiring him to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding what the Pay of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier would amount to for the Period to which such Furlough shall be extended as aforesaid, such Justice of the Peace taking particular Care to state upon the Furlough in Words the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement by his Signature, and further specifying upon the Older to such Collector of the Excise, or other Person officiating for him, the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed, and the Sum so authorized shall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order by such Collector of Excise or other Person, out of any public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts, and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Men to whom the same shall have been paid shall respectively belong, to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland\ or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the same: Provided always, that if any Justice of the Peace shall not think, fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall state his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissaries, upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall take the Oath described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (M.), which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in Chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Master General, or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer the same.

CVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commission Officer, Storekeeper or Commissary, wr Deputy or Assistant Commissary, or other Person employed in the Commissariat Department, or in any manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage or Stores, belonging to His Majesty's Forces, or for their Use, that shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition or other Military Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the fame by and before a General Court Martial, and it shall be lawful for such Court Martial to adjudge any such Person to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Pillory, Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service* and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in aay Office Civil or Military, as any such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, or that such Person shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and that such Person shall in Addition to any other Punishment, make good, at his own Expence, the Loss and Damage sustained, to be ascertained by such Court Martial; which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said Two hundred Pounds, and such Loss and Damage: And if sufficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and seized, then the Person so offending shall be committed to Prison or the Common Gaol, there to remain (in Addition to any other Punishment or Imprisonment) for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Defi-ciency; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and dispoied of as His Majesty shall direct and appoint.

CX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no Pay master General, or Pay master of the Army, Paymaster of the Marines, Se cretary at War, Commissary, Muster Master, Paymaster of a Corps or District, or apy other Officer what foe ver, or their Under Officers, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deduction* whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other than the usual Deductions allowed by His Majesty's Regulations; and such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be required to be made under any Act of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made or directed by His Majesty, under His Royal Sign Manual.

CXI. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well Clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every Six Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments,

A.D. 1812'. 52° GEORGII III. C. 22, 23.655

merit. Troops and Companies: And the Paymaster General for the time being is hereby directed to notify Paymaster Ge-the Receipt of the Money to the Secretary at War, who shall immediately grant his Warrant for the Payment "Jjra* J° P*Y of the proper Sum or Sums to such Person or Persons only as have a regular Assignment from the Colonel or to ^ir1nMonC^ Commandant or Person authorized by him to make such Assignment.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paymaster, Agent or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Paymasters, Troop or Company, shall unlawfully detain or withhold, for the Space of One Month, the Pay of any Officer Agents, &c. or Soldier, (Clothes and all other just Allowances being deducted) after such Pay shall be by him or them detaining Pay. received; or if any Officers having, received their Soldier's Pay, shall refuse to pay each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier their respective Pay when it shall become due, according to the several Rates established by His Majesty's Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court Martial, as aforesaid, to be for that Purpose duly held and summoned, every Inch Paymaster, Agent, Clerk or Officer, so offending, shall be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer, upon Conviction before the said Court, One hundred Penalty. Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid, and the Informer, if a Soldier, (if he demands it) shall be and he is hereby discharged from any further Service; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And, for the better Execution hereof, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and ren- Agents disobey-dered by the Agents of the several Garrison, Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, the said >ng Orders. Agents are hereby required and directed to observeiuch Orders and Directions as shall from time to time be given by His Majesty, under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War for the time being, by His Majesty's Command, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and if any Agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such Orders and Directions, he shall, for the full Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information, for the Use of His Majesty; and for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as Agent of the Garrison, Regiment, Battalion, Independent Troop or Company, in relation to which he shall have been guilty of such Offence, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter.

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of committed to Confinement at on the Day of

as a Deserter from the Battalion of the Regiment of

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks. Probable Date of Inlistment, and in what Distrish Probable Date of Desertion, and from whence. Name, Occupation, and Address of Person by whom apprehended. The Particulars in Evidence against the Prisoner, and whether he confessed himself a Deserter in the Presence of the Magistrate who committed him; whether he appears to be in a State of Health to be removed.!

Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circum-stancet herein stat<*d, and has declared in tny Presence that he a Deter ter from the

before mentioned Corps.

Signature of Magistrate.

- Signature of Prisoner.

- Signature of Informant.

f If 2 Military Medical Officer be it the Place, he will inspect the Deserter, upon the Application of the Magistrate.

[Rata of SubJiJlence increased, post. c. 43. Thit except the Claufa and Schedule above inserted, is similar

to G.$. c.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[20th March 1812.]

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no General Court Martial which shall have General Court Power to fit by virtue of this Act, shall consist of a less Number than Thirteen, whereof none to be under the Martial not to Degree of a Commissioned Officer 5 except Courts Martial to be holden on any Officer, Non Commissioned cpn of left Offeer or Private Marine, who may be serving on Shore in any Place beyond the Seas and opt of His Majesty's Dominions or out of the East Indies, in which case any General Court Martial may consist of any Number ferviT^btyond not less thdA Seven, and the President of such Court Martial shall not be under the Degree of a Field Officer Se*s,c. 7

Oaths by Members of General Courts Martial.

Oaths.

Judge Advocit^ i'worn.

Oath.

fn Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, &c. Hours of Trial.

Courts Martial may sentence Offenders to Imprisonment, kc.

[Penalty.]

Pay forfeited during Imprisonment.

Provifc*

The Party tried entitled to Copy of Sentence and Proceedings of Court Martial

C. 23. 52° GEORGII XII. A.D. 1812.

of Royal Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot be had; in which case the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under the Degree of a Captain, shall preside at such Court Mar-tial; and that such Court Martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Trials of Offenders by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Court and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are hereby authorized to administer the same) in these Words; that is to lay,

4 VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence which shall be given in the Matter«now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the Ring's Majesty and the Prisoner to be tried.

4 So help you GOD.*

I A.B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to an Act of Parliament now in force, for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and

other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affection; and if any Doubt

shall arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament, or the said Rules and Articles) according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in like cases: And I further

swear that I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by the Lord High Ad-

miral, or Three or more oT the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the c United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; neither will I, upon any Account at any time whatsoever,

disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to

give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.*

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words:

I A.B. do swear. That I will not upon any Account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vole

or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as

a Witness, by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law. 4 So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General Court Martial as aforesaid, unless Nine Officers present, or where the Court Martial shall consist of Seven Members, unless Five Officers present shall concur therein 5 and if there be more Officers present than Thirteen, or Seven respectively, then the Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds of the Officers present 5 and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General or other Court. Martial to sentence any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine to Imprisonment in any House of Correction, Common Gaol or Public Prison 5 and all Gaolers and Keepers of such Houses of Correction or Prisons shall receive into their Custody and keep in Confinement, for such time as they shall be respectively required so to do, any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine who may have been sentenced to 1 mprison-ment by any General or other Court Martial, and shall provide a proper Place for the Confinement of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine, according to the Sentence of such Court, during the Period of his Imprisonment, upon receiving an Order in Writing from the Commanding Officer of the Division at which such General or other Court Martial shall have been held; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a House of Correction or Prison who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or Information for the Use of His Majesty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine, to be imprisoned as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay, from the Day of his Commitment, during the time of such Imprisonment; and also that, during the Continuance of any such Imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison or House of Correction shall receive the Sum of Nine pence per Diem out of the Subsistence of such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine, during the time that such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine shall continue in Custody, which said Sum the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty are hereby authorized and required to cause to be paid by the Paymaster of Royal Marines to the said Gaoler or Keeper aforesaid, upon receiving an Application in Writing to their Secretary, signed by any Justice of the Peace Tor the County or Riding in which such Gaol, Prison or House of Correction shall be locally situate, together with a Copy of the Order under which the said Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine was confined: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, if they should think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, to or on account of such Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Court Martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such Courts Martial, upon Demand thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Personson his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the fame) at any

time

A.D. 1811. 52 GEORGII III. C. 23.

lime not sooner than Three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or not 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Private Man, in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court Martial by virtue of this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be tried by a Court Martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended for the fame 5 such Officer or Private Man shall be tried for the fame, as if the fame Offetice had been committed within this Realm.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Marine Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man, shall be accused of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate 5 and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fast is committed, by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipjo fado cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service$ provided the said Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next Court Martial.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler, to whom any Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for any Offence is a Marine, and liable to serve His Majesty, on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice to the Secretary of the Admiralty before the Day on which the Imprisonment of such Person will expire, according to his Commitment or Sentence, of the Period of Expiration of such Imprisonment.

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That, from and after the Twenty $fth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, when and as often as any Person or Persons shall be inlisted as a Marine or Marines in His Majesty's Service, he and they shall, within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty four Hours after such Infilling respectively, be carried or go with some Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party by which he shall be inlisted, or with the Person employed on the Recruiting Service with whom he shall have inlisted, before some Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, redding in or being next to or in the Vicinity of the Place wheVe such Person or Persons shall have been inlisted, and not being au Officer of Royal Marines, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Distent to such Inlisting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the Inlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons so inlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space-of Twenty four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given nis or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; and if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly inlisted; setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known), and that the Second and Third Sections of the Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the Twelfth Section of the said Articles of War, and also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) 5 and if any such Person or Persons so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Royal Marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before a General Court Martial to be thereupon called, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty's Service: Provided always, that every Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine who shall inlist any Recruit, shall at the time of such inlisting esquire the Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and either take the fame down in Writing or give the same to the Non Commissioned Officer commanding the Recruiting Party to he so taken down t Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to discharge any Person who shall have hastily inlisted, and who shall apply ta him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Marine belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Magistrate upon the Examination of such Recruit, or of any other Person, that the Recruiting Party have left the Place where such Recruit was inlisted, or that such Recruit could not procure any Non Commissioned Officer belonging to such Party to go with such Recruit before the Justice of the Peace 5 and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge 52 Geo. III. 4 Q shall

Deserters beyond Sea, Sec. may b« trio/ here.

Persona accused of capital Crimea, Stc. delivered over to Civil Magistrate, See.

Refusal.

[Penalty.]

Notice given t# Secretary of Admiralty of Expiration of Imprisonment.

Persons hastily inlisting relieved.

Penalty. Pro vile.

Provil'o

le

v: /JA

i

s

Master claiming Apprentices to take the Oath mentioned in Schedule (B.)

47 O.3. Se(T. x.

i9.

continued.

Exception.

Jl G 3. C. 12.

49 G. 3. C. 3O.

48 G. 3. c. 32.

Act repealed, &c.

26. 5*0 GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

(lnH.be kept by the Just'cc of the Peace, and paid when demanded to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto, demanding the lame: Provided always, that in every Case wherein any Person shall have received Inlisting Money, and shall have ablcouded, or have absented uimfelf from the Party as aforesaid, so that it ftnll not be possible immediately to appreiieud h m, and bring him before a Magistrate, the Officer or Non Commissioned Officer mririwling the Party, fl ail produce to the Magistrate, before whom the Recruit would regularly have been brought for Atteltntion, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Rcfi-dene? of fitch Person, and the Magistrate to whom the Certificate shall be produced, shall, after satisfying himself that the Person who had abfco: uFd cannot be found and apprehended, trailsmit a Duplicate thereof to the Lords of the Admiralty or their Secretary, in order tint in the Event of such Person being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Inlisting Muuey, and having absconded, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Defer ter as having been duly inlisted.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim ary Apprentice who shall, after the passing of this Act, inlist as a Royal Marine in His Majesty's Service, unless such Apprentice shall have been bound to him in England for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and if in Inland, for the full 'Perm of Five Years at the least, not havirg been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.)

{This Act, except the Clauses above inserted, is similar to 51 G 3. r.9.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for faifing the Sum of Six millions seven hundred and eighty nine thousand six hundred and twenty five Pounds by way of Annuities. .[25th March 1&12.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen* an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[25th March l8jl2.]

WHEREAS the Act herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued in manner herein after mentioned; '. Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation cf Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and which, by an Act made in the la ft: Session of Parliament, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Twenty fifth Day. of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, except only so much of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, as relates to the allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, and which, under the Provisiuns of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for continuing the said Act of the Forty seventh Year, is directed to be warehoused under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Act hereby continued, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act to be pasted in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themf Jves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, -until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirteen. ^25th March 18 1 2.3

Cap.

A.D. 1812.

52° Georgii III.

C. 27. '659

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS when any Part of His Majesty's Forces are embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service, the

Wives and Children of the Soldiers so embarking for Foreign Service are frequently left to return

to their respective Homes, and it is expedient and just that Provision ffiotild be made for enabling such

Wives and Children so to return p Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon any Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, being embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service, the Commanding Officer thereof shall cause a Return or Returns to be made out of all the Wives and Children of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment, 'Battalioi), Corps or Detachment, who shall be left at the Place of Embarkation, and who are desirous of claiming the Allowances respectively authorized by this Act for the Purpose of enabling them to return to their Homes; that is to say, either one Return for the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, or separate Returns for each Company, dating the fever'd Places to which they are respectively to proceed, and whether in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and shall transmit a Copy of every such Return to the Under Secretary for the Military Department at the War Office in Dublin Gallic, and shall also give to every such Wife a Duplicate of such Part of such Return as flu 11 apply to such Wife and her Family of Children respectively, certifying thereon tinder his Hand that the Person to whom such Certificate is given is the Wife of a Soldier in his Regiment, Batttdion, Corps or Detachment, and that such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, is then about to embark at such Port of Embarkation for Foreign Service; and if the Home or Homes to which any of the said Women or Children shall fodehre to return shall be in Great Britain, then such Commanding Officer shall cause a farther and separate Return to be so made out of all such Women and Children as shall so desire to return to Great Britain, and shall transmit the same to the Secretary at War in London.

II. A fed be it further enacted, That each Wife to whom any such Duplicate shall have been delivered as aforesaid shall forthwith take the same to some neighbouring Justice or Magistrate, who shall make out a Route for her, and fill up and sign and deliver to her a Certificate specifying the Place to which such Woman, or Woman and Child or Children, is or are going, and her Route, that ffie may receive such Allowances as are authorized by this Act not exceeding Two pence per Mile.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon Production of such Certificate to the Person acting as Poll Matter in the City, Town or Place, at which such Embarkation shall happen, and afterwards in any Place mentioned in such Route and through which such Woman and Children shall pass, every such Person so acting shall, out of any Public Money in his Hands, pay her an Allowance not exceeding the Rate per Mile specified in such Certificate as aforesaid, for the Number of Miles to the next City, Town or Place, to which ffie may be going as mentioned in such Route, not exceeding Eighteen Miles, and he shall indorse on such Certificate the Mouey so paid, and subscribe the fame and take a Receipt from the Woman for the fanfe without Stamp, subscribed with her Name or signed with her Mark, specifying the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment to which her Huffiand belongs, so that the Description on the Receipt may correspond with the Description in the Certificate so produced to him as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum so advanced by such Person so acting as Post Matter shall be allowed in his Accounts by the Pott Matter or Post Matters General of Ireland, ana all Sums of Money so advanced and allowed in Account shall be repaid by the Agents of the Regiments to which the Soldiers belong whose Wives and Families have been so relieved, or by any other Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the War Department, to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Pott Office in Ireland.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the City of Dublin every such Woman shall in every Instance apply to the Agent of the Regiment td which ffie shall belong, and not to the Post Matter or Person acting as such, and such Agent shall and may pay and advance in any case such Money, and indorse and subscribe such Certificate as aforesaid, and shall be allowed such Sum so paid in his Accounts, and every such Indorsemer.t shall be of the fame Force, Validity and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been done by a Person acting as the Post Matter in manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Woman shall at the last Place of receiving any Allowance under this Act, antecedent to her Arrival at her Home, if such Home shall be in Ireland, deliver up the Certificate so given to her as aforesaid, to the Person so advancing such Allowance to her, who shall transmit the same to the Poll Matter or Post Matters General, and the same shall be by such Pott Matter or Post Matters General transmit led to the Under Secretary for the War Department in the W; >r Office in Dublin Cattle.

VII. And be it further emded, 'That if the Home or Place to which any such Woman shall desire to proceed shall be in Great Britain* fuc.i Woman together with her Children, il any, shall be forthwith taken free of all Expence in a Transport to any convenient Port in Great Britain* if the fame can then conveniently be done, and if not, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Woman shall belong, to agree for the Passage of every or any such Woman and her Children to any convenient Port or Place in (treat Britain, in any VclLl that may then Lein such Port of Embarkation, and also for her and their Maintenance*during such Passage, at any Pvlce not exceeding for a Woman that usually paid for the same Passage for a Soldier, and so in Proportion for Children according to their respective Ages; and the Price so agreed ou being certified by such Colonel or Command-

4 Q*in g

A Return of Wives and Children of Soldiers left at Embarkation, and transmitted to War Office,

Certificate give* to Wife,

produced to a neighbouring Justice, who (hill make out

Route to receive Allowance.

Post Matters to pay Allowance*.

Post Mailer General of Ireland to allow such Payments, and Mr-ney repaid by Agents.

In Dublin Application made to Agent in tirft Itiftance.

Certificate delivered up upon receiving lait Allowance.

How conveyed

Ho re if RtfiJence in Great Uotaiu.

Price paid for Conve auce certified.

66<s C. 2?. 52° GEORGII HL A.D. 1812.

How certificate tiled up.

fa what case new Return made.

If Persons cannot be conveyed in a Transport, a Passage may be taken in any other VeflU.

Allowance in case of Delays arising from unavoidable Causes.

Duplicate of Certificate produced to Justice on Arrival at any Port, &c.

31 G.j. c. 106.

Pbrm of Certificate if Residettce fn Ireland.

ing Officer, shall be duly paid by the Paymaster of the District in which such Port shall be, out of any Public Money in his Hands; and such Certificate, together with the Receipt of the Mailer or Commander of such Vessel, shall be a sufficient Voucher for such Paymaster, and thereupon he shall be entitled to charge the Amount in his Account with the general Agent, the said Voucher being annexed to such Charge.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if such Port shall not be conveniently situate for such Purpose, or if such Passage cannot be obtained as aforesaid, then the Commanding Officer granting such Certificate to such Woman as aforesaid, shall insert therein the Name of the Port in Ireland from which it shall be on the whole most proper and eligible that such Woman with her Children, if any, should fail for the Purpose of repairing to her Home in Great Britain, and thereupon any Justice of tlte Peace to whom such Woman shall apply in manner aforesaid shall fill up her Certificate as aforesaid for such Port, and thereupon such Woman shall be supplied with the Means of repairing to such Port, and the Expence thereof shall be defrayed by the several Persons acting as Post Mailers in manner aforesaid in all respects.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if by any Accident any such Woman or Women and Children, shall have been left at such Place of Embarkation or at the last Quarters of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or at any Place on the March from such last Quarters to such Place of Embarkation, and that the Requisites aforesaid shall not have been performed, or tLat any such Woman or Women and Children shall have been omitted from such Lift as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the General or other Officer commanding where such Woman or Women and Children shall have been so left, to make out such Return as is hereinbefore mentioned of such Woman or Women and Children, and to transmit the same to the War Office in Dublin Castle as aforesaid, and to give to every such Woman such Duplicate as aforesaid, and alfd to transmit such further Return, if necessary, to the Secretary at War in London, and every such Return and Duplicate respectively shall be of the fame Force and Effect in all Respects as if done in manner and by the Person hereinbefore for the like Purpose mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That when such Woman shall have arrived at the Port or Place appointed for her Embarkation, then if there shall be any Transport in or near to such Port about to proceed to any convenient Port in Great Britain, such Woman with her Child or Children, if any, shall be received on board the fame, and conveyed therein to such Port in Great Britain, free of all Expence; and if there shall not be a convenient Opportunity of fending over such Woman and Children in that manner, then it shall be lawful for the General or other Officer commanding at such Port or Place to agree for the Passage of every or any such Woman and her Child or Children, if any, in any other Vessel, and to certify the Price so agreed for in like manner in all respects as is hereinbefore in that respect mentioned, and such Price shall in like manner be paid by the Paymaster of such District, and shall be charged by and allowed to him on such Certificate of such Commanding Officer, and the Receipt of the Master or Commander of such Vessel in manner aforesaid in all respects 5 and such District Paymaster shall also receive from such Woman the Certificate so granted to her by such Magistrate as aforesaid, and shall annex the fame, together with such Certificate and Receipt, to his Account, in support of such Charge therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if by contrary Winds, or want of a Vessel ready for failing, or by the Sickness of herself or of any of her Children, or by any other reasonable Cause, any such Woman shall be detained more than One Night at such Port or Place of her Embarkation, or at any Place in her Journey, from the signing of her Certificate by a Magistrate as aforesaid, to her Arrival at such Port, or at her Home, if in Ireland, then and in every such case, such Woman shall and may apply to any Justice of the Peace who shall thereupon examine into the Fads on Oath, and if satisfied of the Truth thereof shall give such Woman an Order to receive from the Person then acting as Post Master as aforesaid, if on her Journey, and if at her Port ot Place of Embarkation, then from such District Paymaster, the Sum of Six pence a Day for the Maintenance of herself, and the Sum of Three pence for each Child (he shall have with her, and such Payment shall be made to her accordingly, so long as (he shall be so unavoidably detained, and no longer; and such Order with the Receipt of such Woman shall be a sufficient Voucher for every such Payment; and every such Sum so paid being so duly vouched shall be allowed and finally discharged in manner aforesaid respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Woman shall have arrived at any such Port in Great Britain, then if (he has failed from the Port of Embarkation of her Regiment, (lie shall take the Duplicate so then given to her as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace at or near such Port, and if (he shall have failed from any other Port to which (he shall have been transmitted by or under the Certificate of a Justice of Peace as aforesaid, then (he shall take such Certificate to any Justice of the Peace at or near such Port in Great Britain at which (he shall have so arrived, and thereupon (he shall receive from such Justice of Peace in Great Britain such Certificate, and by and under the Authority thereof (he and her Children shall be transmitted to her Home mentioned therein, in the same manner in all respects as if such her Port of Arrival had been the Port of Embarkation of her Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and that such Justice of Peace in Great Britain had given her such Certificate under and according to the Terms of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service to return to their Homes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Home of any such Woman shall be in Ireland, the Certificate of the Justice of the Peace to whom (he shall take her Duplicate as aforesaid, shall be in the Form Kere following, or in any other Form of Words of the fame Purport and Effect $ that is to say,

J A* B. a Justice of the Peace for the County of (or County of the

City or Town of (a: the case may be, ) do hereby certify, That from the

Document produced to me k appears that C.D. the Bearer hereof, is the Wife of JET. F. a Soldier

4in

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 27, 28. 661

lately embarked fof Foreign Service, per Mile from this Place to her Given under my Hand at in the Year .'

Si G. 3. c. 78.

When any Regiment of Militia is out of Ireland, Commanding Officer shall give a Certificate on Behalf of Men remaining in Ireland attached to other Regiments. Form.

4 in the Regiment of

and that (he is Entitled to an Allowance of

Home at through the Towns of

this Day of

And if the Home of such Woman shall be in Great Britain, then all after the Words*Foreign Service* Form if in Great shall be omitted; and in the Place of the Words so omitted, these Words following shall be used; that is to Britain.

say, and that her Home is at in the County of in Great Britain, and that in order to embark for Great Britain (he is entitled to an Allowance of

per Mile from this Place to the Port of through the Towns, of

Givea under my Hand at this Day of in the

Year

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, making Provision for the Families of Militia Men in Ireland'.

[loth April 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to make Provision in certain Cases for the Wives and Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates serving in the Militia of Ireland 5 it is, among other things, enacted, that every Serjeant, Corporal, Private or Drummer in the Irtjb Militia, desirous of obtaining for his Family the Allowances in the said Act mentioned, .shall make and subscribe^ written Declaration in the Form therein set forth before the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps for the time being to which he shall belong: And whereas it

may happen, that when any Regiment of the said Militia is serving out of Ireland> certain Serjeants, Cor-

porals, Drummers or Private Men of such Regiment may remain in Inland, attached to and serving in some other Regiment of Militia than that to which they belong Be it therefore enacted by the King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Colouel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which any such Militia Man shall belong, when thereto required, to give and sign a Certificate in Writing, in the Form following 5 that is to say, '

I A.B. Colonel or Commanding Officer [as the case may be"] of the

Militia, do hereby certify, that C. D.

[a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private ballotted Man,

Substitute or Volunteer, as the case may he'] in the said Militia, and now attached to the Regiment of Militia, was called out into actual Service, and did on the

Day of march from the said County, Town, City or Place [as the case may he.] And

4 I do certify that the said C.D. never deserted from the said Regiment of Militia while the fame remained in Ireland, and that the said C.D. was married after his Enrollment with the Consent of his Commanding Officer, according to Law, or before Enrollment [as the case may be.]9

Provided always, That if such Militia Man shall have been married during the Absence from Ireland of the Regiment to which? he belonged, the latter Clause relating to his Marriage shall be omitted, and such Certificate shall be forwarded by such Colonel or Commanding Officer to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps in Ireland, to which such Militia Man shall be then attached^ and in which he shall be then serving.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man so remaining in Ireland, desirous of obtaining any Allowance for his Family under the said recited Act, to make and subscribe the Declaration in the said recited Act mentioned, at the Foot of the Certificate hereinbefore mentioned before the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private shall be'attached, or in which he shall be serving at the time of so making and subscribing such Declaration.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commanding Officer before whom such Declaration shall be so made and subscribed, shall at the Foot of the said Declaration give and sign a Certificate in Writing in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. Colonel or Commanding Officer [as the case may be,] of the Regiment

A of Militia, do hereby certify that C.D. a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private, [as the case may be,]

in the Regiment of Militia now attached to, and serving in the uid Regiment under

my Command, hath this Day made and subscribed the above Declaration before me; and that the said C. D.

never deserted since he first became attached to, and served with the said Regiment so now under my«Command.'

And if such Militia Man shall be married after the Regiment to which he belonged had left Ireland, then there shall be added to such Certificate these Words following, to wit, And that the said C.D. married after he became attached to the Regiment under my Command, with the Consent of the Commanding Officer thereof for the time being; or these Words, And that the said C.D. hath produced to me the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Militia, dated the Day of

in the Year and certifying that the said C.D. was then attached to the said Regiment,

and

Declaration of Militia Mei> requited by 31G 3.0.78.$*. fubi'cni ed at Foot of CertiHcite.

Form ol Certificate thereon of Commanding Officer of Regiment in Ireland.

66 2

All such Declarations and Cer-tifintcs flnll he c.'unt»'rfi ..uc; ! by Adj-n.n.ts v. ho shall kom> ko-giilei\> tu*r«.of.

Adjutant fhdl re dei vor L'< r-tificntc and Dc

cl.4r tioji > ti Kliiiti.i AT n, to be tranl'miited to his Family.

Declaration and Certificate proceed .d on as under recited Act\.

5i G. 3. c. 78. § J3>

Jufli: esmay enquire into Cir-

cumflani es which might entitle Families to Rt-bef und«ei- recited Act.

On Judi es certifying Amount of Allowance on their Ord.r, Families linll re-cciv \ rev ..vus M n*hl\ Ai-lo va 1.

K.tu. n, .vc. hi-'. !c 1., .1 .!: o A , u: : i-r-3 , .f K. An c. rs to wlucii A1 lima Men aie atati.ed.

U r. 3. c. 78. § I.

490.3* c. 86.

Si.

C. 28. 52° GEORGII III. A.D>8u.

and did on that Day marry with iheConfent of the said Commanding Officer. Dated this

' Day of in the Year

IV. And be it further enacted, Tlr.it every such Declaration, and the Certificate at Foot thereof'., e

nttefted and countusigned by the Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to wine..?di-1 tia Man mailing such Declaration shall be fj attached, or with v.dfich lie shall be ftrving, and such r: .at

f.nll keep a Boole or RegiHer containing the Names of all the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and P.- To attached to, and lervr.g will iuc. 1 Ki ynr-r.t, Battalion or Corps, who shall have made such a Dc. m, alphabetically arrang* .1, and fit ill frrn inch Declarations and Cei tificates so delivered to him, enter hi well Book o| polite to the Y me of each Man, whether he is married or a Widower, and hath any and what Child or Ch.ldivu, with the Date of inch D. cl--.rat.au, a id the Name or Names, Age or Ags of such Child or Children respectitrely at the time of making inch Declaration, and the Residence of inch Wife, Child or (Jbmhcn, as Hated in such l.FvLir ii'nn.

\.And be it further en : t J, Tuat every Adgitnr.t to whom such Declaration and Certificate shall he so delivered, and nlfo eve: y AJj : tnrt to whom r.uy Declaration and Certificate shall have been delivered-as in the fnd recited Au mee.'mned, af.cr i: e (h X hnv.* nueflod and countersigned the fame respectively, and.noted the Contents thereof in inch. B : ok as aUevfe. d, and as in the said recited Act mentioned respectively, shall forthwith deliver such DeA.-ration nud Certificate rcip. Aively, to the Man having made such Declaration, in order that he may cause the I.v.r.e to he transmitted to his Family; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enact'. J, That such Declaration and Certificate so made and attested in manner in this Act directed, and the several Matters and Tilings lit ere in contained, (kril he encuired into and proceeded on in the same manner in all rel'prfts, and shall be of the fame Force and Fifed to all Interns and Purposes, to entitle any Inch Militia Mm so attached to, or fervieg with any Regiment, Batta'ion or Corps, and hi* Family, to all and every t! e fame Bench's, Allowance 3, Payments and Advantages, an 1 on all the fame Terms and Conditions ns are by the said recited Act now given and provided to and for any Militia Man and his Family, after a Declaration, Certificate and Atteflation, according to the Forms and Manner in the said Act directed and set forth.

VII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act provided, that no Wife of any Militia Man, nor any other Person on behalf of such Wife, or of the Family of any such Militia Man, shall be entitled to receive at any

one Time more than One Month's Allowance to such Wife and Family, under and by virtue of the said Act:

And whereas many Militia Men who would have been enabled to make a Declaration, and have been entitled

to obtain a Certificate and Atteiiation thereof in manner hereinbefore mentioned, immediately after the passing of the said recited Act, have been prevented from so doing by the want of the Provisions hereinbefore

contained; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Jull.ce of the Peace who shall first order Payment of the Sums allowed by Law to the Family of any Militia Man obtaining any such Certificate as is hereinbefore set forth, and such Justice is hereby required to compare the time of the Marriage of any such Militia Man, as mentioned in his Declaration so made in Form aforesaid, with the time of M 'tching from his County as mentioned in the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which he belongs; and upon such Comparison, and also by Examination on Oath into the Facts of the case, such Justice shall proceed to ascertain when such Family might have entitled themselves<o any and what Allowance under and by virtue of the said recited Act, in case the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of such Regiment had then been in Ireland, so a»to grant the necessary Certificate and Atteiiation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace shall accordingly certify the Period and Amount of such Allowance at the Foot of the firtl Order, to be given by him as in the said recit d Act mentioned, and thereupon such Family flu. 11 be entitled to deceive from the Persons, and out of the Funds in tlte said Act mentioned, the Amount of all such previous Monthly Allowances as would have been due to such Family, in cufe they could have entitled themselves to receive the same, not exceeding in the whole the Amount of Sir: Months' Allowance in anyone Case.

IX. And be it (hither er.acted, That so long as any such Militia Man shall be so attached to, or serve in Initially in any R giment. Battalion or Corps of Militia, other than that in which he was originally enrolled, and which shall be serving out of Inland, all and every Return or Account diieded by the said recited Act to be made by Inch Militia Man to the Adjutant of his Regiment, or to the Person acting as such, shall be made to the Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which he shall be lb attached, or with which he shall serve, or to the Person acting as such; and that such A Ijutant or Person acting as such shall keep such R 'gifter for all Me.1 so attached or serving with fueii Regiment, and make such Entries therein, and m ike and fend all the fame Returns relative to such Men so attached and serving, as is by the said Act directed concerning the Adjutant of the Regiment in which such Militia Man shall be enrolled; and every Return so made to or by nnv such Adjutant or Person acting as fuel) under this Act, shall be of such and the fame Force and F.Trt respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as Returns made to or by any Adjutant pursuant to the P.'ovhionn of the said recited Act.

X. And whereas by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, it was, .among other things ' enacted, T.rat an Act made in the Forty ninth Year ol H13 prefer.t Majesty, intituled sin Ad to make Pr> 4 T'fmn in certain Cases, for the hives and Families of I allotted Men, Sabjhiutes and Volunteers, serving in t/*e ' Militia of Ireland, should be repealed, save 1b far as the lame repealed auy former Act of Parliament, or any ' Clause, Matter or Thing therein: And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year, it was, among other things, enacted, That certain former Aft6 for making Provision for the Wives and Families of

7 4 Militia

A.D. 1812, 52° GEORGII III. C. 28, 29, 30.

Militia Men in Inland should be repealed, save as to any Allowance to any Father, Mother, Brothers or

Sifters of any Militia Man, who should be serving in the said Militia at the time of the passing of the said Act : For the obviating Of any. Doubts with respect to the Said last mentioned Allowance, Be it declared and enacted, That all and every Allowance and Allowances to any Father, Mother, Brothers or Sifters of any Militia Mfln who was serving in the said Militia at the time of the pasting of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year, shall be paid under the Provisions of the several At\s recited in the said Act of the Forty ninth Year, any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary not with (landing; and that.all Arrears of such Allowances due at the time of the pasting of this Act shall be pakl within.One Month after the pasting of this Act, by the Collector of the Baroni 1 Ccfa, or by the Collectors of Excise within their respective Dtftrids, upon the Receipts of the Parties entitled to such Allowances, and such Sums shall be allowed in the Accounts of the several and respective Collectors accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland. fioth April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland should be amended in r manner herein after contained; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That of the Number of Persons to be raised for the Militia of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, by volunteering, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, to direct that such Proportion as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding One Fourth Part of the whole Number of Persons to be raised in each Year for such County, shall consist of Boys of the Age of Fourteen Years, and upwards, and of such Height as His Majesty or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ for the time being, may direc t, who shall be raised by Beat of Drum.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regiment, or Part of a Regiment of the Militia of Ireland shall be out of Ireland, then and in every Such case, all and every the Rights, Powers and Authorities relating thereto, which there shall be Occasion to exercise out of Ireland by the Commander of His Majesty's Forces, shall and may be used, exercised and enjoyed by the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame might or could then beexer-cifed by the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, if such Regiment or Part of a Regiment were then in Ireland.

CAP. , XXX.

An Act to provide for regulating the Warehousing of Spirits distilled from Corn in Ireland, for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon; and to transfer the Custody of Spirits so warehoused, from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, to die Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and their Officers.

[20th April 18x2.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of the Laws now in force in Ireland, certain Acts, Matters ^nd

Things, relating to the Warehousing of Spirits dillilled from Com in Ireland, for Exportation*

without Payment of the Duty of Excise payable thereon, are placed under the Care, Management and 1 Direction or the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and of the Officers appointed by and acting under the said Commissioners: And whereas it is expedient that such Acts, Matters and Thing*

shall hereafter be transferred to and placed under the Care, Management and Direction of the Commissioner*

of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and of the Officers appointed by or acting under the said lall men-

tioued .Commissioners Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the pasting of this Act, any former or other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, it shall and may be lawful for every Dillifter o: Maker of such Spirits, who is or shall be licei.fed to keep any Still exceeding One Hundred Gallons Content, to warehouse his Spirits for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable in Ireland thereon, according to the Provisions of this Act, and fu Eject to such Rules and Regulations as the lY.id Commissioners of Excise shall from time to time direct or order, in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, to be provided by the said Commissioners of Excite, at any Port in Ireland in which, or in the Dili: id in which such Port^shall be situated, any Still exceeding One hundred Gallons Content for the diili ling of Spirits shall be licei.fed by the said Commissioners of Excise: Provided always, that no Spirits of a Strength k Is tlu: i a Strength equal to One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, by such Hydrometer as shall be approv'd of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland shall be f» w.; and that all such Spirits shall be contained in Calks of not lefts than One hundred Gallons C. 1, mA that there be marked on the Head of each Calk, in Letters or Figures cut therein^ the Number e'- i'-ns of Spirits in such Calk, and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, at the time of the Storm n iaoE

663

Certain Allowances continued to he p: id to Fathers, &c. of Men in Militia at time of puffing 49 G. 3. c. 86. with Arrears.

Act repealed, &c.

49 G. 3: c. 120. 5 1 G. 3. c. 118.

Not exceeding. One Fourth of Number of Militia raised to con lilt of Hoy of Age of 14 and upwards.

Commander in Chief to exercise fame Powers over Irish Militia out of Ireland as Officer commanding Forces in Ireland.

Distillers may vv.trelu-use Spirits under Directions of Co.vu li/.iwuers of Fxcne.

Proviso,

664

Distiller to give Notice of Ifiten-tion to ware-house Spirits, and none shall be moved into Warehouse nrith-cmt Permit.

[Penalty.]

Officer to attend Removal of Spirits, and take Stock of Diitiiler thereon.

£Tot removing Spirits, and for undue Decrease in Stock and Strength.

[Penalty.]

Storekeeper to take Account and give Receipt for Spirits warehoused.

Such Receipt delivered by Distiller to Officer who shall give Credit for lame in Charge against Distiller.

Spirits not removed out of Warehouse, except under Act. Notice by Distit-ler of taking out Spirits for Exportation.

Decrease in Strength or Quantity of Spirits while warehoused.

C. 30. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and a* often as any Distiller shall intend to warehouse Spirits for Exportation, he shall give Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall be placed over the Distillery of such Distiller, and also to the Excise Storekeeper at the Port of Exportation, of such hit Intention; in which Notice shall be set forth the Number and Content in Gallons of each Cask which such Distiller intends to warehouse, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Distiller intends to commence the Removal of such Spirits to the Warehouse or Stores, which Day shall not he more distant than Six Days, nor nearer than Three Days from the time of such Notice: Provided always, that no Removal of any Spirits for such Purpose shall be allowed without a Permit containing such Particulars as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of Excise, which Permit shall he a sufficient Protection for the Removal of such Spirits; and if any such Spirits shall he found so conveying from the Stores of any Distiller to any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, and if the Carrier or Person conveying such Spirits shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Customs or Excise, produce such Permit authorizing the Removal of such Spirits, the same shall be forfeited and may he Seized by any such Officer; and no such Removal shall take place on any Excise Office Holiday, or commence at any Time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, or after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise to whom such Notice shall have beer, given im manner aforesaid, shall attend at the Stores of every such Distiller at the Time mentioned as aforesaid in such Notice, and such Officer shall continue there until the Whole of the Spirits for which such Notice has been given shall be removed out of the Stores of such Distiller under Permit as aforesaid; and that immediately after the Removal of such Spirits, such Officer shall take Stock on such Distiller, and set forth in the Stocx Book the Decrease occasioned by the Removal of all such Spirits: And in case the Whole or any Part of the Spirits, for the Removal of which a Permit shall be granted as aforesaid, shall not be delivered into His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores within the time prefenbed in the Permit or Permits for conveying the fame, or in case such Spirits when so delivered shall not be and remain of the fame Strength ai.d Quality in every respect of which they were at the time of the granting of such Permit or Permits (except in cases of unavoidable Necessity, proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them), the Distiller of such Spirits, for the Removal of which out of his Stores a Permit shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall for every Gallon of Spirits not so delivered, or which shall not be of the Strength and Quality aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings, and shall also forfeit One Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon so deficient it

Suantity; and it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise to seize and take out of the Stores of such Distiller, ne Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon which shall be so deficient; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to withdraw and annul any Licence before that time granted to such Distiller, if they shall think fit so to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately on the Arrival of such Spirits under proper Permit at His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, the proper Officer shall gauge and take an Account of every C*fk and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and shall enter an Account thereof in a Book to be by him kept for the Purpose; and thereupon the Storekeeper shall receive the same without Delay into His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, and shall deliver to the Distiller or Person requiring the Came for the Use of such Distiller, a Receipt for such Spirits, specifying the Number of the different Calks, with their Gauge, and the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits contained in them, with the Day of the Month and Year when such Spirits were stored, and any Marks which may be put on such Calks by such DistiHar for distinguishing the Spirits to be his Property.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Receipt shall be delivered over within a reasonable Time, by every such Distiller, to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, and such Officer (halt immediately return to such Distiller a Copy thereof, signed by himself; and upon the Delivery of such Receipt, and not before, it shall be lawful for such Officer to dedu& from the Number of Gallons of Spirits with which such Distiller shall have been charged or chargeable with Duty, the Number of Gallons so warehoused, and to return the Charge of Duty against the Distiller, to the Collector of Excise, for the remaining Number of Gallons, which shall be a Charge against such Distiller accordingly; and every such Officer shall annex to such Return the Storekeeper's Receipt, as his Voucher for having made such Deduction as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Spirits which shall be so warehoused shall not be taken or carried out of the Warehouse or Stores on any Account whatsoever, otherwise than in Manner and pursuant to the Provisions and Directions herein after mentioned and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so often as any Distiller warehousing Spirits in Ireland, or any Proprietor of such Spirits so warehoused, shall be desirous of shipping for Exportation any Quantity of such Spirits, such Distiller or Proprietor shall deliver to the Storekeeper, Five Days at least before the time when he intends to ship such Spirits, a Note in Writing, requiring such Storekeeper to deliver such Casks as such Person may intend to export, specifying the Number of Casks, and the Quantity of Spirits intended to be shipped, as set forth in the Receipt given to such Distiller by the Storekeeper at the time when such Spirits were admitted into the Warehouse or Stores, and mentioning the time when such Distiller or Proprietor proposes to ship such Spirits, and the Name and Destination of the Ship or Vessel in which such Spirits are intended to be exported; and it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the Warehouse or Stores from which such Spirits are to be taken, before the Delivery thereof from such Warehouse or Stores, to mark every CsJk of such Spirits with such Mark as the said Commissioners of Excise shall direct 1 And if any Spirits so intended for Exportation shall, after having been received in His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, and before their actual Exportation, be altered in Quality, Quantity or Strength, except by Decrease occasioned from

13 Leakage,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 30.

Leakage, Waste or Accident, all such Spirits, and the Calks containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Spirits shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse or Stores for Exportation, the Distiller or Proprietor intending to export the fame, shall, with One or more Sufficient Surety or Sureties, give Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Double the Value of such Spirits and of the Excise Duty which would be due and payable thereon if such Spirts were taken out for Home Consumption (which Bond the Collector of Excise of the District is hereby authorized and required so to take) conditioned that such Spirits shall (the Dangers of the Seas or Enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at such Port as shall be Specified in such Bond, without Alteration in Quality or Quantity, except what may be occasioned by Leakage, Waste or Accident, and shall not be landed in any other Place, nor relanded in Ireland; and such Collector of Excise shall sign and give to such Distiller or Proprietor a Certificate of such Distiller's having entered into such Bond.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits, or forae Person on Behalf of such Distiller or Proprietor, producing to the Storekeeper of the Warehouse or Stores the Certificate from the Colledfcor, that such Bond and Security hath been given, the Storekeeper of such Warehouse or Stores shall deliver such Spirts as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be exported, and such Storekeeper shall cause the Said Spirits to be sent under the Care of a proper Officer, at the Expence of the Distiller or Proprietor, to the Quay where the Ship or Vessel shall be stationed, there to be delivered into the Custody of the Shipping Officer of the Customs on such Quay, and shall at the same time grant a Permit for the Quantity so sent, in which Permit shall be also mentioned the Date when the Spirits were warehoused, and such other Particulars as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct and appoint (which Permit shall be a Sufficient Protection for the Removal of such Spirits); and if any such Spirits shall be found conveying or carrying from any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores to the Quay, to be shipped for Exportation, and before their adhial Shipment, and if the Carrier or Person carrying the fame, or the Person in whose Custody the same shall be, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Customs or Excise, produce such Permit authorizing the Removal of such Spirits, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer; and all such Spirits shall remain in the Care and Custody of the Shipping Officer on the Quay until shipped or exported; and all such Spirits shall be shipped in the fame Ca/ks in which they were originally warehoused, with the Marks, Numbers and Notes of the Contents thereon, except in cases of damaged or leaky Ca/k3, which may be changed with the Leave of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or of the Chief Officer of the Port, and like Marks shall be cut on the Head of each new Ca/k as had been cut on the leaky or damaged Calk; and all such Spirits shall be shipped only in such Vessels as, by Law, Spirits of Irish Manufacture may be shipped for Exportation, subject to all Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties, in respect of relanding or un/bipping the fame, as are or may be contained in any Act or Acts respecting Spirits shipped from Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain or elsewhere, and as are not contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller so warehousing Spirits for Exportation, or other Proprietor thereof, shall desire to take the fame, or any Quantity thereof not less than Five hundred Gallons* out of His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores, for Home Consumption, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller so to do, on paying to the Collector of Excise for the District, the full Amount of the Duty of Excise on Spirits, payable in respect of such Spirits, for the Quantity which each and every such Ca/k contained at the time of its being warehoused, together with a Sum, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Expiration of Four Calendar Months after the Day of storing such Spirits, till the time of taking the fame out for Home Consumption; and upon the Production of the Collector's Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the Ca/ks mentioned in the Collector's Receipt, and to deliver a Permit for the Conveyance of the same to the Distiller or Proprietor thereof, or to such Place as such Distiller or Proprietor shall direct or require, which Permit shall be a sufficient Protection for the Removal of such Spirits; and if any such Spirits shall be found conveying or carrying, and if the Carrier or Person conveying the fame, or the Person in whose Custody the same shall be, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Customs or Excise, produce such Permit authorizing the Removal of such Spirits, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Spirits so warehoused may be removed, at the Desire of the Distiller or Proprietor thereof, from His Majesty's Warehouse or Stores at any one Port, to the like Warehouse or Stores at any other Port as aforementioned, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Excise shall order in respect thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Distiller or Proprietor of any such Spirits so to be lodged in any Warehouse or Stores as aforesaid, in the Pretence of the Storekeeper, who is hereby required to attend at all reasonable times for that Purpose not oftener than once a Week, to view, examine and shew for Sale, such Spirits, or any Part thereof, and to examine the state of the Ca/ks, and to prevent Leakage or Damage therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall remain in His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, after having been received therein under the Provisions of this A A, for more than Four Calendar Months, or such further time as the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them shall appoint, on special Application made to them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to direct, that such Spirits shall be publicly fold, giving Seven Days public Notice thereof; and the Produce arising from such Sale shall be applied in the First Place to the Discharge of all the Duties thereon, computing such Duties on the Number of Gallons which each and every Caflc contained at the time of its being warehoused, without

52 Geo. III. 4 R any

665

[Penalty.]

B >nd of Distilletf on Exportation.

Certificate thereof by Coliettor. On Production of Collector'e Certificate of Bonding, Storekeeper shall fend Spirits on board with a Permit, and under Care of an Officer.

Not producing Permit, Sec.

Feialtf.

Spirits taken out for Home Consumption in certain Quantities.

[Penalty.]

Warehoused Spirits may be removed from Port to Port.

Distiller may weekly view and shew Spi« its in WarehouU.

After Four Months, or such other Time as Commissioners may allow,

Spirits warehoused shall be sold for Payment -of Duties, fcc.

666

Drawback allowed on Exportation of Spirits.

Regulations in

46 O.3. c. 88.

47 G. 3. Sess. a. c. 17.

as to warehousing Spirits, repealed.

Recovery of Penalties.

14 & 15 Car. 2. (I.) S(T. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. X06.

Appeal

Act altered, &c.

39 Eli*, c. 17. repealed.

Court of Chancery or Exchequer mav order Dividends or Sto- ks, &c belonging to Infants, to he paid0 Guardians for Maintenance of Infants, &c.

C. 30, 31, 32. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

any Allowance for Waste or Leakage, together with a Sum, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every Hundred Pounds by the Year, on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Expiration of Four Calendar Months after the floring of such Spirits, until the Sale thereof; and the Remainder, after deducting all Expence of Ware, housing and Sale, shall be paid over to the Distiller of such Spirits.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any such Spirits which shall have been ware-housed in manner aforesaid, no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall be given or paid, other than and except a Drawback of Ten pence British Currency upon every Gallon of such Spirits, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits, or other than and except such other Drawbacks which shall or may by Law from time to time hereafter, as Occasion may require, be granted, given or allowed; which Drawback is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, subject to all Rules and Regulations in force in Ireland respecting Drawbacks.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation; and also so much of another Act, made in the Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for amending the said Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, as relate to the warehousing of Spirits diddled in Ireland for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable in Ireland thereon, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise or new Imp Jl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act, made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled Ad to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act; with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is provided.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament*

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elhusbeth, intituled An Act cigainfl lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers or Mariners.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth,

W intituled An Act against lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers or Mariners,

should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity, entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds, transferable at the Bank of England.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS Inconvenience has been experienced from the Want of Authority in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer to direct for the Use of Infants the Payment of the Dividends of Stock

belonging to such Infants, and ilanding in their Names in the Books of the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Engl in d : f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the pairing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer respectively, in any Cause depending or hereafter to be depending in the said Courts respectively, to order and direct all or any Dividends due and belonging or hereafter to become due and belonging to any Infant or Infants, Parties to any such Cause, on any of the Public or other Stocks, Funds or Annuities whatsoever, transferable or which shall or may hereafter be made transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (landing in the Name or Names of such Infant or Infants, and to which such Infant or Infants is or are beneficially entitled, to be paid to any Guardian or Guardians of such Infant or Infants respectively, or to any other Person or Persons, according to the Discretion of such Courts respectively, to or for the Maintenance and Education, or otherways for the Use and Benefit of such Infant or Infants; such Guardian or Guardians, or other Person or Persons, to whom such Payment is directed to be made, being named in the Order directing such Payment; and the Receipt, Acquittance or Discharge of such Guardian or Guardians, or other Person

or

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III. C. 32, 33, 34. 667

or Persons so named for such Dividend or Dividends, or Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be so ordered and

directed to be paid to them, or any Part thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual, at all times and to all \

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, both at Law and in Equity, to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ against such Infant or Infants to whom such Dividend or Dividends, Sum or Sums of

Money have been or shall be due and belong, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, as if such

Receipt, Acquittance or Discharge, had been actually signed by such Infant or Infants, after he, she or they

had actually attained his, her or their Age of Majority, and were capable by Law of signing and giving the fame; and that this Act shall be, and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge t9

the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all Things done or

[Public Act.]

permitted to be done pursuant thereto; and this Act shall be deemed and taken as a Public Act to all Intents

and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Marts,

Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America,

Dutyfree.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty sixth 4^0..v c.iif. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit, until the First Day of January One thousand C01lt*nue<L eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Majls, Tards and nowfprits, or of TimberJit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America Duty free; which said Act was by Two Acts of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall, from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making perpetual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Relief of Debtors 5 and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present^4 Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons;

and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time9 and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ady to make Discovery oj and deliver upon Oath their Estatesy for their Creditors Benefit: And whereas in the said Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present3 Majesty, the Benefits of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons,

and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oath their Estates for their Creditors Ben fit, were extended to divers Persons not mentioned in the said Act made in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second 1 And whereas the Provision9 of the said Acts made in the Thirty*second Year of His late Majesty and in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively require, that Debtors and others confined in any County or other Gaol above the Space of Twenty Miles from Westminster Hall, or the Court or Courts under the Process whereof any such Debtors or others are confined, desirous to avail themselves of the Benefits of the Provisions of the said Act, should apply by Petition to such Court or Courts, and authorize such Court or Courts, on being satisfied as therein mentioned, to order or cause such Debtors or others so petitioning to be brought to the Assizes which shall be holden for the County or Place where he, she or they shall be imprisoned, and further require that the Matter of the said Petition should at the time of the Assizes held for the County or Place where 4 he, she or they shall be^ imprisoned, be heard by the Judge of Assize on the Crown Side: And whereas there are many Gaols situate within local or particular Jurisdictions, for which no Assizes are ever or seldom if ever held, or at which Assizes there may be no Judge of Assize on the Crown Side, and other Gaols at considerable Distances from any Place where Assizes are usually held, by reason whereof such Debtors and others as are confined therein and would be entitled to the Benefits of the said Acts cannot avail themselves thereof in the manner intended by the said Acts: And whereas great Hardffiip arises to such Persons therefrom, and it is desirable to give them Relief in the Premises 5 and that such Court or Courts, on being satisfied as aforesaid, should be further authorized to order or cause all Debtors and others entitled to th?

Benefit of the said Acts, or any of them, petitioning as aforesaid, to be brought up, and the Matter of

4 R a 4 iheir

Debtors may be brought before Justices at General Sessions instead of a Judge, ef AfTne, Sec.

Provisions of recited Acts ex. (ended to this

aa.

1G. a. c. 28.

§*4.

repealed*

Intercourse between Jamaica and St. Domingo prohibited. Exception. Penalty.

How long Foreign Vesseli having touched at St. Domingo Suffered to remain in Pt rrs of Jamaica. Penalty.

Proviso for that Pm of dtJJo-

C. 34, 35. 32" GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

their Petitions heard before the Justices assembled at any General* or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be

holden within the Distance of Twenty Miles of any Gaol in which any stich Debtors or others may be

confined Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Court or Courts to order such Debtors and others to be brought up before any Justices of the Peace assembled at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be mentioned in any Petition of any such Debtors or others to be holden for any County, City, Liberty, Franchise or Jurisdiction within the Distance of Twenty Miles of the Gaol wherein such Debtors or others so petitioning shall be confined, instead of ordering such Debtors or others to be brought up before a Judge of Assizes in all cases where such Court or Courts shall think proper so to do, and such General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be holden either nearer in point of Distance from such Gaol or of Time than the Assizes at which such Judge of Assize would be present would be holden 5 and the Justices so assembled in General or Quarter Sefiioiis before whom any such Debtors or others shall be brought in pursuance of any such Order, are required to hear and determine the Matter of such Petition, and do and perform all other such Matters and Things to the fame Effect and in the same manner, as near as may be, as by the said recited Act of the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, the Judge of Assize on the Crown Side is required to do and perform; and all Orders made by such Justices shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made in the Court or Courts out of which Process against such Debtors or others had issued, and the fame fli3ll be made Record* of such General or Quarter Sessions, and Copies thereof shall from thence be transmitted ligned by the Person pre-siding at such General or Quarter Sessions to the Court or Courts out of which Process had issued against such Debtors or others, to be a Record of such Court or Courts, and kept among the Records thereof; and all Enactments, Provisions, Directions, Powers, Authorities, Pains, Penalties, Liabilities, Benefits, Advantages and Protections or Indemnities in the said Acts or either of them contained, applicable to any Matter or Thing to be done before any Judge of Assize or by any Person in obedience to any Order made, the Authority of the said Acts or either of them, or otherwise under or in pursuance of any Provisions in the said Acts or either of them contained, shall be and the same are hereby declared respectively to extend to and comprehend and be applicable to all like Matters and Things by this Act authorized to be done before any such Justices so assembled in such General or Quarter Sessions, or by any Person in obedience to any Order or Orders made under the Authority of this Act or otherwise, under or in pursuance of any Provision thereof, or authorized to be done by virtue thereof, in as full and ample a manner as if all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, touching every Matter and Thing which might be done under the said recited Acts or either of them, had been fully and distinctly re-enacted and set forth in this Act, with apt Words to make them Part of and applicable to this Act.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

intituled An Act for the Relief of Debtors with ref fed to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Ad, to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oath their Estates for their Creditors* Benefit, it is, amongst other things, provided, that no Person or Persons who had then taken or should thereafter take the Benefit of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, should have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, or be deemed to be within the Meaning thereof, so as to gain any Discharge, unless compelled by any Creditor to discover and deliver up his or her Estate and EfFects: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Provisions in the said Act should be repealed Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same shall be and is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to prohibit all Intercourse between the Island of Jamaica and certain Parts of the Island of

Saint Domingo.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Intercourse between the Island of Jamaica and certain Parts and Places of the Island of Saint Domingo should cease and determine* Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, no British Ship or Vessel shall, for any Purpose or under any Pretence whatever, fail from any Port or Place in the Island of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the Island of Saint Domingo, nor from any Port or Place in the Island of Saint Domingo to any Port or Place in the Island of Jamaica, except as is herein after provided, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of any such Ship or Vessel, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Ship or Vessel, whether laden or in Ballast, shall come into any Port in the Island of Jamaica, if such Ship or Vessel shall have come from, or shall in the Course of her Voyage have touched at any Port or Place in the Island of Saint Domingo; and if any such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall land any Person from on board the fame, or shall continue in any Port or Harbour of the said Island of Jamaica, for Forty eight Hours after Notice shall be given by the principal Officer of the Customs resident at the Port to depart therefrom, such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited, together with her Cargo, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel.

III. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftrocd to extend, to the prohibiting of any Intercourse which may be carried on by any Law or Laws now

in

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 35, .36.

in force between the said Island of Jamaica and any Port or Place in the said Island of Saint Domingo, which now is or shall be in the Possession of, and under the Dominion of the Spanish Government, while the same shall continue in and under such Possession and Dominion.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any of His Majesty's Ship9 or Vessels of War from failing from any Port or Place in the said Tfland of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the said Island of Saint Domingo, nor from any Port or Place in the said Island of Saint Domingo, to any Port or Place in the said Island of Jamaica.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels and Goods, liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, shall and may be seized by the Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant or Petty Officer by him specially authorized, or by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, and shall and may be sued for and prosecuted, in such and the like manner, and by the fame Ways and Means, and subject to the like Rules and Directions, as any Forfeitures incurred in the British Colonies or Plantations in America, by force of any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies or Plantations, may now be sued for and prosecuted in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more cJfeQual Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and such Ships, Vessels and Goods, shall be lodged and deposited in the Custody of the Officers mentioned in the said Act, and shall be subject to the other Provisions thereof, in like manner as if the fame were herein repeated; and the Commanders or Officers of any Ships or Vessels of War, and the Officers of the Customs, in making and prosecuting any such Seizures, shall have the Benefit of all the Provisions made by any Act of Parliament for the Protection of Officers seizing and prosecuting any Ships, Vessels or Goods, for any Offence against any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Forfeitures incurred by this Act shall go and belong to such Person and Persons, and in such Shares and Proportions as any Forfeitures incurred in the British Colonies or Plantations in America now go and belong to, and may now be distributed and applied under and by virtue of certain Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and for other Purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods laden thereon, shall be seized under the Provisions of this Act, and any Dispute shall arise whether the said Ship or Vessel had failed, or the Goods laden thereon had been brought from any Port or Place in the Island of Jamaica to any Port or Place in the Island of Saint Domingo, or from any Port or Place in the Island of Saint Domingo to any Port or Place in the Island of Jamaica, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, in such case the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Ship or Vessel or Goods, and not upon the Officer who shall seize or flop the fame; and in case no sufficient Proof shall be given by the Owner or Claimer of such Ship or Vessel, or the Goods laden thereon, of the Port or Place from and to which such Goods had been brought and such Ship or Vessel did really and bona fide fail, then such Ship or Vessel shall, without any further Proceeding, be taken and held to have failed, and the Goods laden thereon shall be taken and held to have been brought from one of the said Islands to the other, contrary to the Provisions of this Act; any Law, Custom or Usage, in any of the Colonies or Plantations to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ships or Vessels, or any Goods whatever, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, on Evidence being given to their Satisfaction that the Forfeiture arose without any fraudulent Proceeding, or Design or Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ships or Vessels or Goods, by any Writing signed by them, or any Four of them, to order the same to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, in such manner and on such Terms and Conditions as under the circumstances of the case shall appear to the said Commissioners to be just and reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct; and if the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, the same shall be restored accordingly; and it shall not be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall have seized such Ships, Vessels or Goods, or any other Person or Persons whatever on his or their Behalf, to proceed in any manner for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to proceed for the Condemnation of such Ships or Vessels, or Goods, as if this Law had, not been made: Provided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have or be entitled to any Recorapence or Damages on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Ships or Vessels or Goods, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the fame; any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for grahting additional Duties on Mahogany not imported from the Bay of Honduras> and for reducing the Duties on certain Species of Wood imported from the said Bay.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Customs should be imposed upon Mahogany not imported directly from Bermuda, or from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, and on any Mahogany being the Growth of any other Country or Place Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and

669

mingo under Spanifti Government:

And for His Majesty's Ships of War.

Vessels, Src. liable to Forfeiture, may be seized by any Commander of His Majesty's Ships of War, &c. and may be sued for in manner directed by 49 G. 3. c. 107.

How Forfeitures disposed of.

4 <5. 3* c. IS-

Proof on Owoes.

Commissionertef Customs may restore Forfeiture on Conditions, if proved that it was incurred without fraudulent Design,

Provifai

Additional Duty on Mahogany herein dcicri bed:

To be secured by Bond.

43 G. 3. 0.132.

War Duty payable Six Months after Ratification of Definitive Treaty.

Duty paid on Mahogany taken out of Ware-house after July 5, 1812, although imported before that Day.

How Duties levied.

Unmanufactured Wood imported from Bay of Honduras to pay same Duty as tmmanufactured Wood of British Colonies.

How duty applied.

49c.j-c. 98.

c. 36.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, there shall be raised, levied, collectedand paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional permanent and temporary or War Duties of Customs on Mahogany imported into Great Britain, not being imported directly from Ber- muda, or from any of the Bahama Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, and on any Mahogany being the Growth of any other Country or Place, as the same are respectively inserted, described andfet forth in Figuresin the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.).

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby imposed may be secured by Bond under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in 1Varehouses % without Payment of Duty.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, as fall under the Title or Description of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs shall be charged and payable on any Mahogany enumerated or described in the said Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place where the same shall have been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, notwithstanding such Mahogany may have been imported into Great Britain before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner and by the fame Means, Ways and Methods as any Duties of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VI. And whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on certain unmanufactured Wood imported into Great Britain, directly from the Bay of Honduras, should be lowered; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any unmanufactured Wood not being particularly enumerated or described, and on which the Duties of Customs due on the Importation are payable according to the Value thereof, being of the Growth and Production of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, shall and may be imported into Great Britain directly from the said Bay, on Payment of such and the like Duties only as are due and payable on unmanufactured Wood of the like Description of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That ail Monies arising from time to time from such of the said Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are respectively directed to be appropriated and applied.

TABLE to which this Act refers. TABLE (A.)

A Table of additional Duties of Customi payable on Mahogany imported into Great Britain. Permanent Duty. Temporary or War Duty.

Mahogany not imported directly from Bermuda or from any of the Bahama*) Islands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or being the 1 Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton, containing Twenty f Hundred Weight J £ t. d. 2 0 0 jf x. d. O T3 4

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III. C. 37.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Earl Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[20th April 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious MefTage to the House of Commons, has been

VY pleased to declare that Your Majesty, having taken into Your Royal Consideration the eminent and

signal Services performed by General Lord Viscount Wellington in the Course of a long Series of distinguished

Exploits in the Campaigns in Spain and Portugal, and being desirous to mark the Sense You entertain of

Services so honorable to the British Arms, and so eminently beneficial to the Iutcreds of the Nation, have

conferred upon General Lord Viscount Wellington and the Heirs Male of his Body the Rank and Dignity

of an Earl of the United Kingdom, by the Name, Stile and Title of Earl Wellington; and Your Majesty

being further desirous of granting to the Earl of Wellington a Net Annuity of Two thousand Pounds, in

addition to the Annuity already granted by Parliament, and subject to the fame Limitations imposed in that

Grant, recommended it to your faithful Commons to enable His Majesty to grant and settle such Annuity, f and to make such further Provision as aforesaid, as may be thought most effectual for the Benefit of General

the Earl of Wellington and his Family; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament afkmbled, duly considering Your Majesty's Most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in Addition to the Annuity already granted to the said Earl, then Viscount Wellington, by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Wellington, and the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Viscount Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Ser* vices, one other Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying or reierving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame) but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, to the said Earl Wellington, for and during the natural Life of the said Earl Wellington, and from and after his Decease, unto the Two next succeedin^ Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Welfing-tons on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Wellington shall descend, for and during their natural* Lives; which said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take Effect from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 the First Payment to be computed from the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the said Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April, in each and every Year, by e^en and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commimoners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid; and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which said Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum to the said Earl Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington, at the respective Quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without a^y further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve), or of any of His Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treafuer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlain and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministera of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

S V. And

671

50 G. 3. c. 8.

Annuity of i, : xx>l granted in Addition to that under

50 G. 3. c. 8.

Payable

Quarterly*

Debenture* mide forth at Exchequer for Payment.

Annuity not determinable.

No Fee to be taken.

1

672 C. 37, 38.

5a0 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Acquittance of Earl Wellington a sufficient Discharge.

Annuity not to be aliened.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Earl Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington on whom the said Title shall defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositioni and other Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or nejleft to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any A A necessary to enable the said Earl Wellington and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington on whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Wellington shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said Earl Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington on whom the said Title shall defeend, may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Adminitlra-tors, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officen respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame is by this Act vested in the said Earl Wellington, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Earl Wellington shall defeend $ and the fame or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or encumbered by the said Earl Wellington or by either of the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington on whom the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate or Times than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or encumbering the fame, so as to prevent the fame from descending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Earl Wellington to whom the said Title of Earl Wellington shall defeend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

Provison*.

48 G. 3. c. ill.

49 G. 3. C. 40.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS the Local Militia, as by Law established, has been found of the utmost Importance to the

internal Defence of this Realm: And whereas it is necessary, in the present Circumstances of Europe,

that the said Force should be permanently maintained 5 And whereas the Laws now in force for regulating

the Local Militia require Amendment; and it is expedient that some of the Provisions contained in the several Acts relating to the fame should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be made; and it would greatly tend to the better Execution thereof if the Whole of the said Provisions were comprized in One A & of Parliament: And whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, that

certain Acts and Parts of Acts nowin force should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a per-manent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm; and also Three several Aft s, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Local Militia, the

one intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm; the other intituled An Act to amend ferveral Acts passed in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia; and the other intituled An Act to prevent the enlisting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong / and and also so much also so much of another Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled In to amen(tfeveral Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, as relates to the Local militia, shall be r, and the same are hereby repealed; and that the Local Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the repealing of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or any or either of them, shall not affect any Commission already granted under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, but that all such Persons to whom any such Commissions shall have been granted, shall and may aft in the Execution of this Act, in like manner as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any or either of them: Provided also, that so many of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and private Local Militia Men as are now serving for the several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, shall be liable and continue to serve in the same Manner and for the fame Length of time as they ought to have served if this Act had not been made, and shall be liable and subject to the same Penalties, Pains, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offence which they may have respectively committed previous to the passing of this Act, in the same manner as if the Offence had not been committed till after the passing of this Act 5 and from time to time, in every case where it shall be necessary to supply any Deficiency in the Number of private Local Militia Men of any County, Hiding or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to supply such Deficiency shall be raised, provided and

8 enrolled.

49 G. 3. c. 8 a. 49 U. 3. c. 129.

as relates to Local Militia, repealed.

Repeal of Acts not to affect Commissions*

Local Militia now serving to continue to serve as if Act had not been made.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38

enrolled, and shall serve in the manner and for the time directed by and under and according to the Provisions, Rules and Regulations of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Lieutenants of Counties, or, in the Absence of the Lieutenant, the Vice Lieutenant or any Three Deputy Lieutenants duly authorized by His Majesty, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required from time to time to constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, being qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, or within some adjacent Counties, Ridings or Places, to be Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and trther Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline and command the Persons to be so armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to His Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and in case his Majesty shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before Him, signify His Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Lieutenants to grant a Commission to any Person so difflpproved, but Commissions shall be granted to all such Persons who shall not be disapproved by His Majesty; and the Officers so appointed for the Local Militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after diie&ed, shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular Militia as youngest of their Rank: Provided always, that no higher Rank shall be given in any Regiment of Local Militia than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, except in Cases where the Commandant shall have served with the Rank of Colonel in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Regular or Supplementary Militia or Fencibles, or be the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Local Militia holding the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, shall take Rank of and command all other Lieutenant Colonels serving in the said Local Militia, notwithstanding the Commissions of the said Lieutenant Colonels should be of a prior Date to the Commissions of such Lieutenant Colonels Commandant; and that Officers of the Local Militia shall rank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to the Dates of their respective Commissions: Provided always, That every Officer of Local Militia, who shall have held any Commission in any Volunteer Corps at the time of his becoming an Officer of the Local Militia, shall be entitled to rank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to the Date of hia Commission of the fame Rank in the Volunteers.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have held the Rank of Colonel>f any Regiment or Battalion of Regular or Supplementary Militia, and who may be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission, in the Local Militia; and every Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, as long as he shall continue to act as such, who shall be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforesaid, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission in the Local Militia; and eveiw Person who shall have served in the Regular or Supplementary Militia as a Commissioned Officer, and by reason of the Reduction of such Militia shall have ceased to hold such Rank, shall, if appointed to a like Commission in the Local Militia, rank according to the Date of his first Commission: Provided always, that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Militia, shall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia, already granted or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding or Place, shall have the 'Chief Command of the Local Militia within the County, Riding or Place, to which he is appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia, in pursuance of this Act, shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall be seised or possessed either in Law or Equity for his own Use and Benefit in Possession of a Freehold, Copyhold or Customary Estate for Life, or for the Life of his Wife, (he having a Freehold, Copyhold or Customary Estate for her Life, or for some greater Estate, or of an Estate for some long Term of Years, determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Major, shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Eight hundred Pounds 5 and every Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, or (hah himself be possessed of Real or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed Lieutenant shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, or (half, be pofll-ffed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together 'to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be w at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly

52 IIL 4 S Value

*>73

Lieutenants shall appoint

Officers.

Rank cf Officers.

Lieutenant Color.els Commandant to command Lieutenant Colonel*.

Rank in Local Miliria of Officers who have served in Regular or Supplementary

Militia.

Commissions not revoked by Revocation of Power of Grantor. Lieutenant to have Chief Comm ind of Local Militia.

Qualifications of Officer*

674 C. 38.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Provisix

I.eases for Lives of 3col. per Ann. deemed equal to Qualifi : ati>n Jierenbefore Itqui cd of I col. per Ann. and i'o proportionally.

F.states granted for 20 Years, of an annual Value equal to Value of Estates required for Qualifications sufficient.

No Officer fu-pertor to a Subaltern appointed, till Qualification delivered to Clerk of the Peace who shall transmit Copy to County Lieutenant.

Clerk of the Peace to enter Qualifications ' upon a Roil, and to insert in Gazette Dates of Commissions, &c. and transmit every January to Secretary of State. Certificate of Qualifications to be laid before Parliament.

iG. 1 c. 13.

6 G. 3. c. 53.

of Su.

x G. 1. Stat. 2.

C.IJ.

Persons .»d ing who are unqualified, or who

Value of Sixty Pounds, or who shall be or who at the time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of One thousand five hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds; and that every Person so to be appointed an Ensign, shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Four hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or who shall be or who at the time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that any Officer who shall have held any Commission in His Majesty's Regular Army, or in the Regular or Supplementary Militia, or in any Fencible Regiment, or who shall have transferred himself together with his Corps or any Part thereof, from the Volunteers into the Local Militia with His Majesty's Approbation, shall be eligible and duly qualified to bold the fame Rank in the Local Militia, although not qualified as hereinbefore directed; any thing in this Act to the contrary not-with (landing.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which are leased for One Life, or for Two or Three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable upon the Death of One Life, or of Two or Three-Lives, on reserved Rents, and which are to the Lessee or Leffces of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate hereinbefore required as a Qualification of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion to the several other Qualifications required by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a Person possessed in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit in Possession, of an Estate for a certain Term originally granted for Twenty Years or more, of an annual Value (over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the fame), equal to the Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Commissioned Officer of the Local Militia respectively, and situate as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be sufficiently qualified to ad in the Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County* Riding or Place, for which lie shall be appointed, or (in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, dating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification, is or are situate, if the fame be a Real Estate; or if the fame be a Personal Property, then of the Particulars of such Personal Property; or if the Qualification arise from Service in His Majesty \s Regular Forces, Regular or Supplementary Militia or Fencibles, or Volunteers as aforesaid, then of the Particulars of such Service; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lieutenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding and Place, shall, and he is hereby required to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him, according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in The London Gazette the Dates of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Room they are appointed, in like manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries or State a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (A.) that the Qualifications have been so left with him; and every Commissioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration, as required by this Act, shall, at some General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ within Six Months after the passing of this Act, if he shall have been appointed before the passing of this Act, or if not appointed till after the passing of this Act, then within Six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princefx Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; and also by an Act passed in the Thirty f sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Tear of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain LiJIs and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High TreaJ'on or Misprision of Treason; and shall also make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the First Year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated and subscribed by all Officers, Civil and M litary.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having

3 delivered

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38.

delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety whtreof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the fame; and in every Action, Suit or Information, brought against any Person for acting as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain, not being qualified as hereinbefore directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person against whom the lame is brought: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of the Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Commissioned Officer in the Local Militia, within the County, Riding or Place, wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualification hereinbefore required 5 or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Place, for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may from time to time, as He and they shall think (it, signify His and their Pleasure to His and their Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, to displace all or any Officers in the Local Militia; and thereupon His Majesty's respective Lieutenants shall forthwith displace such Officers, and appoint others within the same County, Riding or Place, with the like Qualifications, and under and subject to the like Provisions and Restrictions, to serve id their Stead.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that a Number of private Men not exceeding the Numbers herein specified for each County respectively, shall be enrolled to serve in the Local Militia at such Periods and in such Counties, and in such Proportions in any such Counties, Divisions, or Parts thereof, as His Majesty by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual shall specify, order and direct, in that Behalf, according to the Provisions of this Act; that is to say, For the County of Bedford One thousand two hundred and sixty eight 5 for the County of Berks Two thousand two hundred and forty four; for the County of Bucks Two thousand three hundred and ninety six; for the County of Cambridge One thousand nine hundred and twenty four 5 for the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, Three thousand five hundred and forty 5 for the County of Cornwall Two thousand five hundred and eighty eight; for the County of Cumberland Two. thousand four hundred and sixty; for the County or Derby three thousand seven hundred and fifty six; for the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, Six thousand and forty eight; for the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool, One thousand six hundred and forty four; for the County of Durham One thousand nine hundred and sixty eight; for the County of Essex Four thousand nine hundred and seventy six; for the County of Gloucester, with the City and County of the City of Glou-ctjler, and, the City and County of the City of Bristol, Four thousand six hundred and fifty two 5 for the County of Hereford Two thousand and eighty; for the County of Hertford One thousand nine hundred and twenty; for the County of Huntingdon Six hundred and thirty six; for the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, Five thousand one hundred and eighty four; for the County of Lan eqfler Nine thousand seven hundred and fifty six; for the County of Leicester Two thousand five hundred and seventy two; for the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, Five thousand four hundred and seventy two; for the County of Middlesex (excluuve of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets), Twelve thousand one hundred and fifty two; for the County of Monmouth One thousand one hundred and twenty; for the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, Four thousand eight hundred and thirty six; for the County of Northampton Two thousand eight hundred and ninety six; for the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Two thousand six hundred and ninety six 5 for the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, Two thousand twa hundred and fifty six 5 for the County of Oxford Two thousand four hundred and twelve; for the County of Rutland Three hundred and thirty two; for the County of Salop Three thousand nine hundred and sixty four; for the County of Somerset Six thousand two hundred and twenty four; for the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, Three thousand four hundred; for the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Lichfield, Four thousand five hundred and thirty two; for the County of Suffolk Four thousand one hundred and sixty eight; for the County of Surrey Five thousand three hundred and forty four; for the County of Sussex Three thousand two hundred and twelve; for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, Three thousand four hundred and twelve; for the County of Westmoreland Nine hundred and seventy two; for the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, Two thousand four hundred and sixty four; for the County of Wilts, Three thousand six hundred and sixty eight; for the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, Nine thousand seven hundred and sixteen; for the North Riding of the said County Three thousand six hundred and forty four; and for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Two thousand two hundred and fifty six ? for the County of Anglesea Five hundred and twelve; for the County of Brecknock Eight hundred and sixteen; for the County of Cardigan Nine hundred and seventy six; for the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, One thousand six hundred and twenty; for the County of Carnarvon, Five hundred and twelve; for the County of Denbigh One thousand three hundred and seventy six;

4 S a for

67S

have not de-livr red in iheir Qualified on*.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Onus probandtf.

His Majesty may direct County lieutenant* to diiplace Officer*.

Number of Private Men.

England.;

Wales.

Where Quota now fixed is left than Numher actually serving, Excels to continue to serve. When Vacancies supplied.

Where Quota now fixed is greater than Numher of .Local Militia now serving, no fur ther Enrolment shall take place lb long as Local Militia and Volunteers together equal lix Times the Militia.

42 G. 3. c. 90.

Froviio.

Volunteers may transfer Services to Local Militia.

Oath.

Bounty.

Volunteers so transferring not liable to serve in Regular Militia.

Bounties to Volunteers certified, &c.

Yeomanry and Artillery Corps may transfer Services to Local Militia.

Powers of 42 G. 3.C. 90. 46 G. 3. c. 91. and 49 G.3 C. 82.

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

for the County of Flint Eight hundred and four; for the County of Glamorgan One thousand six hundred and twelve; for the County of Alcrioneth Four hundred and eighty four 5 for the County of Montgomery One thousand one hundred and sixteen; for the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, Eight hundred and four; and for the County of Radnor, five hundred and sixty.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Number of Local Militia so fixed and settled for any County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall be less than the Number actually serving for such County, Riding or Place, at the time of passing this Act, the Excess over and above the Quota so fixed as aforesaid, shall continue to serve in the Local Militia of their respective Counties, until the Expiration of the Period for which they were originally enrolled; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; but that no Vacancies arising in the Local Militia of such County, Riding or Place, shall be supplied until the Number of Men serving in such County shall be reduced below the Number so fixed as aforesaid, as the Quota of such County, Riding or Place.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the Number of Local Militia Men so fixed as aforesaid for any County, shall be greater than the Number actually serving for such County, at the time of passing this Act, no further Enrolments of Men for the Local Militia of such County shall take place, beyond what may be necessary to keep the several Regiments complete to their Establishments, so long as the Number of Men serving in such County shall, in Addition to and together with and including the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in such County, (exclusive of Supernumeraries above the Establishment of such Corps serving without Pay)* amount to Six Times the original Quota of the Militia of such County fixed under an Act pafl*cd in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of England: Provided always, that when and so often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers in any such County as aforesaid shall he reduced by the disbanding or discontinuing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or by reason of the effective Numbers of any such Corps being diminished, a Number of Local Militia Men not exceeding in Amount such Deficiency shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this Act, until the Number of the Local Militia of such County shall be equal to the Number fixed as aforesaid for the Quota of such County under this Act: Provided always, That no Vacancy arising in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, by reason of the effective Numbers of such Corps being diminished, shall be supplied as aforesaid, by Ballot for the Local Militia under this Act, unless such Vacancy shall not have been supplied by the entering of any Men into such Corps within Six Months after such Vacancy occurring in such Corps.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Number of Local Militia Men so fixed by this Act as the Quota of any County shall be greater than the Number actually serving for such County, it shall be lawful for the Members of any Corps of Volunteers, within the Ages limited by this Act, and not having more than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, as may be desirous of forming Part of the said Local Militia to be raised under this Act, to transfer themselves, with the Approbation of His Majesty* under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to become and form Part of the Local Militia under this Act of the County or Part or Division of the County to which such Corps shall belong, upon such Terms and Conditions as-to His Majesty shall seem fit; and all Volunteers so permitted to transfer their Services, shall thereupon forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in such Local Militia, and take the Oath herein after required to be taken by Persons ballotted under this Act, and if actually serving as such on the Twelfth. Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, and having constantly continued to serve as such since that Period, shall be entitled to a Bounty of Two Guineas, and to the fame Allowance for Necessaries as other Local Militia Men are entitled to under this Act, and shall be deemed and taken to be Local Militia Men to all Intents and Purposes.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall transfer himself as a Member of a Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, and shall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be liable to be called upon to be enrolled to serve in the Regular Militia, by reason of his having been ballotted and entered for the Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member of a Volunteer Corps; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Bounty shall become payable to any Member of a Volunteer Corps so transferring himself as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenant or Just ice attending the Enrolment and (wearing in of such Men, shall sign a Certificate of the Amount of the Bounty so to be paid, and to whom, and for what Parishes or Places; and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting shall forthwith transrait such Certificate to the Secretary at War, and draw upon the Agent General for the Amount of Bounties specified to be so payable.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to permit any Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry or Artillery to transfer themselves into the Local Militia, upon such Terms and Conditions as to their Establishment, and as to Allowances for Horses or Accoutrements, or other Things, and as to Pay, as His Majesty shall direct, and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County wherein such Corps shall serve, in such manner as His Majesty shall direct: Provided always, that no Vacancies arising in any such Corps of Yeomanry, so transferred as aforesaid, shall be supplied by Ballot under this Act; but all such Vacancies which shall not be supplied by, he entering of any Men into such Corps, within Six Months after such Vacancy occurring in such Yeomanry Corp9, shall be supplied by Ballot for the Local Militia of the County to which such Yeomanry Corps shall be attached.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things contain d in the said Act of the Forty second of His Majesty, or in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, or in an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, or in

U'any

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38. 677

any other Act relating to the Militia, as relate to the appointing and holding General and Subdivision Meet- fcc. applicable to bigs of Lieutenancy, or to the making out Lifts from which to ballot, or to the Mode of ballotting, shall, as , le Loral far as the same are applicable and can be applied to and for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, be used, exercised, applied and put in force with respect to the Local Militia, in as full and ample a manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations,

Clauses, Matters and Things were re-enacted and repeated in this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, as soon as SuMivision conveniently may be after any Subdivision Meeting shall have been appointed, give Notice in Writing of the Chdcs to give Time and Place of Meeting to such of the Deputy Lieutenants who shall be resident within such Subdivision* Notice of Meet-and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, attached to such Subdivision, by .ding°Officer* Notice addressed to the Adjutant, and an Account of the several Day9 fixed for receiving Lifts, and for bal- of Regiments, lotting and for inrolling the Militia Men within such Subdivision; and shall, as soon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewise transmit to the Colonel or other Commandant, or to the Commanding Officer as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, a Lilt, specifying the Names, Trades, and usual Places of Abode, of all such Local Militia Men as are inrolled.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Men to be raised under this Act shall be ballotted out of and Men ballotted from the Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, or which may , r?m Militia hereafter be made and returned or amended and corrected for the raising of the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia of England; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall think fit, to order and direct the making out any new Lifts, and in such Oafies as to Age or otherwise, and in such Form as may be deemed expedient for the Purpose of carrying this Adjt into Execution.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That on making out or amending of any Lifts after the passing of this Persons neglect-Ad, of Persons fit to serve in the Local Militia, every Person who shall wilfully neglect to appeal within the , nS 1' aPP€aI. time appointed for that Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, penaw

nor lelsthan Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, and on Nonpayment thereof be imprisoned, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be appointed or ad as a Special Constable for the No Person un-

Purpose of assisting in the making out any new Lifts, or otherwise in aiding in the Execution of this Act, der 3° to he who shall not be above the Age of Thirty Years. SpecialConstable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdi- Deputy I.ieute-

vision, or any Two or more of them, or for any Oue Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, from may re-

time to time to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the 1^£ten*

Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place within such Sub- constablet. division, for the Purposes of this Act, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Chief Constable or other Officer of any Hundred,

Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer

of any Parish, Tything or Place, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from time to time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or from any One

Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, or shall be guilty of any Fraud or

wilful Partiality or gross Neglect in his Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them,

or such One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize for the Space Imprisonment.

of One Month, or, at their Discretion, to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor

less than Forty Shillings.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable, Headborough, Two Justicet

Tythingman or Overseer, shall be of the People called Quakers, (and certified to be so by Two Persons of aPP°, nt

the People called Quakers) and shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be OuAeAVor

lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Division within which such Quaker shall be such cfrrying Ad Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, in all cases where the circumstances of the case shall in into Execution, their Judgment render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their

Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker, for the

Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so ad, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices, under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as the Perftm for whom he shall so ad; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or Overseer (being One of the People called Quakers) shall be, and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the time of such Appointment.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdi- Two or more vision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any Two or more Parishes or Place* and Lifts Tythings, or to add any extra parochial Place or Places to any Parish or Parishes, Tything or Tythings ad-

joining thereto, for the Purposes of this Act; and also to add together the Lists of such rarilhes, Tythings Constables, &c. and Places aforesaid, so as to make the Choice of Local Militia Men by Ballot within every Inch Subdivision shall act together

as as if they were

Officers of same Parish, and shall meet in Parish first named in Order of Deputy Lieutenants.

Deputy Lieutenants to hear and determine Disagreement i between Parish Officers.

Art to extend to extra parochial Places added to Parishes; and where no Constables or Over-seers.

[Proviso.]

Provifa

Clerks of Subdivision Meetings to transmit Copies of Rolls to Clerk of General Meeting. Penalty.

General Meetings may alter Subdivisions and Allotment of Men in each Division.

At Second Subdivision Meeting, Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint Number of Men to serve for each Parish, &c., and shall order Notice to be given thereof and < f next Meeting, and shall cause Number to be ballotted, &c.

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

as equal and impartial as possible; and where any Parishes, Tythings and Places so added together shall lie in different Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within the same County, Riding or Place, to direct in what Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lifts so added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for One Parish, or for the Parish to which any extra parochial Place shall have been added as aforesaid; and the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of Parishes, Tythings and Places so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act, as if they were respectively Officers of one and the same Parish or Tything 5 and all such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and Officers so as aforesaid acting together by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish or Tything which shall be named first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants 5 and if any Difference or Disagreement shall arise between the Officers of any Parish, Tything or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes or Tythings, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the Subdivision where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall at any Subdivision Meeting, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and make such Order therein for the better Execution of this Act, as to them shall seem meet; and such Orders shall be final and conclusive.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to every extra parochial Place added to any Parish or Tything for the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if the said Directions and Provisions had severally and respectively been expressly applied-to extra parochial Places, and where there shall he any extra parochial Place or other Place wherein no Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Over-seers of the Poor have been or are appointed, or aft, the respective Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, or Tything or Tythings respectively, to which such extra parochial or other Place shall have been added by the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, may arxd shall act as Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Overseers of the Poor respectively for such extra parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Act, and may and shall do, perform and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things therein, relating to the Execution of this Act, as fully and amply, and with all such and the like Powers in every Respect, as if such extra parochial or other Place was within and made part of such Parish or Tything: Provided always, that if any Rate or Rates shall be to be made for any rarish or Parishes, or Tything or Tythings, and any such extra parochial or other Place jointly, such Rate or Rates shall be dif-tinftly made for the Purpose of this Act, and for no other Purpose whatever: Provided also, that every such separate Rate shall and may be made, raised and levied, as welt in such extra parochial or other Place, as in any such Parish or Tything aforesaid, in like manner as any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall within Fourteen Days after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Subdivision Meeting; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid within such Period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, Riding" or Place, together with any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant J any Five or more Deputy Lieutenants may, at any General Meeting, alter the appointed Subdivisions within such County, Riding or Place, if they shall see Occasion, and also may alter the established Allotment of the Number of Men in each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, to serve in the Local Militia, towards raising the Number of Local Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised for such County, Riding or Place, according to the Numbers contained in the respective Certificates received from the several Subdivision Meetings; regard being had in such Allotments and Apportionments to the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in each such Hundred, Rape, Lathe. Wapentake and other Division.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Second Meeting within any Subdivision shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tything and Place, within such Subdivision, regard being had in such Appointment to the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in each such Parish, Tything or Place, in Proportion to the Number last appointed, in the manner hereinbefore directed, at a General Meeting to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division; and shall appoint another Meeting to.be holden within Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden within the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constable or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of every Parish, Tything or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, of the Number of Men so appointed to serve for such Parish, Tything or Place, and of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant, and One Justice of the Peace, assembled in pursuance of such Appointments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the Perfor.s between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, or which may hereafter be made and returned, or amended or cor-rested, for the raising the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia of England, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Weeks in the fame Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, to

direct

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38.

direct the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish, Tything or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Local Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at lead Seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make such Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served 5 and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and if, on Examination, found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in manner herein after directed, shall then and there take the following Oath; that is to say,

T A* B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Local Militia of within

Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the Time of Four Years, for which I am enrolled, un-

less shall be sooner discharged.'

And every such Person shall be then and there enrolled fin a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Local Militia of such County, Riding or Place, as a private Local Militia Man, for the Space of Four Years.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Man enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, shall, before such Enrolment, be examined upon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants, as to his Residence, Age and Family, and the Oath so administered to him shall be in the Words, and according to the Form and Effect in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and if any Person shall refuse to be so examined, such Person may, at the Discretion of any One or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, be imprisoned for any time not exceeding One Week, and shall notwithstanding be liable to be enrolled to serve in the said Local Militia, if he shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to be a fit and proper Person to be so enrolled.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person whatsoever shall insure, or take or agree to take any Money for the Itifurance of, or be any ways concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, Club or Office, for the Insurance of any Person or Persons, or for the insuring or indemnifying each other against or for the paying any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine or Penalty, for any Person or Persons who may be ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, or shall pay or engage to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to serve in Discharge of any County, Division or Parish, beyond the Sum of Two Guineas to be paid to such Volunteer as herein after directed, every such Person as aforesaid shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia shall be allowed to find or provide any Substitute to serve in his Stead; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything or Place, shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants taken at a Vestry, or at any other Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, for the calling of which Vestry or Meeting Three Days public Notice shall be given, specifying the Cause of calling such Vestry or Meeting, provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Local Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, being of the same County, Riding or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, who shall be examined and approved, as is herein after mentioned, such Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such Term, and on the fame Conditions as is hereinbefore provided in case of Persons chosen by Ballot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Parish, Tything or Place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish, Tything or Place; and if any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two Guineas each, to serve in the Local Militia for such Parish, Tything or Place, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of such Parish, Tything or Place, according to the Rate then made for the Relief*of the Poor, which Rate (being approved by any Justice of the Peace) it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to collect, and to re-imburse themselves such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have paid to such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied as Part of the Poor's Rate; and if any Person ffiali refuse to pay such Rate, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any) after the said Rate and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be paid 5 but no Person who shall be then f rying in the Local Militia, nor any Person serving either personally or by Substitute in the Regular Militia, shall be liable to pay any such Rate t Provided always, that if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in like manner as is provided in the case of Appeals against Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which a Ballot shall be directed under this Act for the Local Militia, and any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty live Years, of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches and upwards, and fit for Military Service, and not having more than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, ffiali voluntarily enrol themselves under this Act, to serve according to the Provisions of this Act, if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves ffiali amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any such Parish, then no Ballot ffiali take place in such Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required to

679

Persons chosen by Ballot to take

Oath.

Men before Enrolment examine.) upon Oath a; to Residence, &c. refusing to be examined. Punishment.

Persons insuring.

[Penalty.]

No Person bal-lorted allowed to find a SuMliiutc,

Volunteers may be received with Consent of Inhabitants of any Place, and a Rate established for paying them? Bounties not exceeding Two Guineas each-

Appeal

No Ballot shall take place where Persons Ibalt voluntarily eucol themleUet.

68o

Proviso for Seamen.

Certain Person* exempt from Service.

Persons enrolled

in Local Militia exempt from Service in Regular Militia for Two Years.

Persons exempt nevertheless liable to {erve in Regular Militia If they negleth to attend Training.

Proviso for Memb- r* of Friendly Societies.

Allowances to Wives and Families.

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, then the Number of Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall be deduced from the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot, and the Remainder only shall be ballotted for in such Parish; and all Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall take the Oath required by this Act to be taken by Persons ballotted, and shall serve in the same manner and under the fame Regulations, and be subject to the fame Provisions, as if they had been ballotted for under this Act: Provided always, that no Seams* or Seafaring Man shall be enrolled in the Local Militia as a Volunteer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person being a Commissioned

Officer in the Regular Militia, or in His Majesty's other Forces, or in any one of His Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, nor any Non Commimoned Officer or private Man serving in the Regular Militia, or in any of His Majesty's other Forces, nor any Person being an effectice Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and duly returned as such, nor any Person being a Resident Member of either of the Universities, nor any Clergyman, nor any Teacher or Preacher in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, or pretending to Holy Orders, (not carrying on any Trade or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster, ) having taken the Oaths and made and subscribed the Declaration required by Law from the Teachers or Preachers of Congregations of dissenting Protestants, and being bona fide the Teacher of any Congregation whose Place of Meeting shall have been duly registered at lead Twelve Months previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in Octoberfor the Purposes of this Act; nor any Constable or other Peace Officer not being a special Constable; nor any Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person muttered, trained or doing Duty, or employed in any of His Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards for the Service thereof, or employed or muttered in His Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs at Portsmouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, nor any poor Man who hat more than Two Children born in Wedlock, nor any Person receiving his Education on an eleemosynary Foundation, shall be liable to ferv£ in the Local Militia 5 and no Person having served personally in the Regular Militia, or additional Force, or provided any Substitute, or for whom any Substitute has been provided* or paid any Fine for not serving or finding a Substitute in the Regular Militia, or such additional Force as aforesaid, shall be liable to serve in the Local Militia until Four Years after the Expiration of his Period of Service, if he shall have served in Person, or Six Years after the Period at which such Substitute shall have been enrolled, or Four Years after having paid any such Fine.; and that no Person having paid any Fine or upon whom Distress has been made for any Fine for not serving in the Local Militia, f*shall be liable to lerve until the Expiration of Two Years from the Period of having paid such Fine or suffered such Distress.

[Sr* post. c. 116.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Man enrolled and actually serving in the Local Militia at the Time of passing this Act, shall be entitled to and have Exemption from serving in the Regular Militia, and shall not be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia for Two Years from the Expiration of their present Period of Service in the said Local Mintia: Provided always, that all Persons who may hereafter be enrolled to serve in the LocaT Militia, fttall only be entitled to and have Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, and shall not be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia for One Year from the Expiration of their Period of Service in the said Local Militia-: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to claim any such Exemption under this Act, who shall not produce a Certificate signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Local Militia to which he shall belong, or in case of his Removal from the County in which he may have been originally enrolled, then by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps in which he may have been subsequently serving, that he attended at the last Period of annual Training and Exercise, or that he was prevented by Illness or bodily Infirmity, so certified to his Commanding Officer at the last Period of Annual Training and Exercise, or that he was absent by Permission of his Commanding Officer.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any Person enrolled and serving in the Local Militia who shall have claimed Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, shall nevertheless be compellable to serve in the Re*

fular Militia, in case he shall not afterwards attend the Periods appointed for the Training and Exercise of theocal Militia during the time for which he may be enrolled to serve in such Local Militia (unless prevented by any Infirmity incapacitating him for Service); and the Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia to which he may belong, shall certify such Absence from Training and Exercisoto the Clerk of the Subdivision for which he shall have been before ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia, who shall make the fame known to the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their next Subdivision Meeting, and such Man shall then and there be enrolled to serve in the Regular Militia; or if he shall not then appear, shall be liable to any Penalties imposed upon ballotted Persons not appearing to be enrolled in the Regular Militia.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Member of any Friendly Society, serving or entering to serve under this Act, shall by such Service be excluded from such Society, or be subject to the Forfeiture of any Benefit to which he may be otherwise entitled under any Rules of such Society; or to any Fine of Penalty imposed by such Society for Nonattendance; any thing in any such Rules to the contrary notwithv

(landing.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled'for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, or for the Suppression of Riots, or for the Suppression of Rebellion of Invasion, all Persons enrolled therein who shall join on such assembling, and shall have Families unable to sup* port themselves, shall, during the Period of their being so assembled as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the Lame Relief to their Wives and Families, and under such and the like circumstances, and subject to the fame

Regulations

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 38. 681

Regulations and Provisions, as the Wives and Families of Men ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain are entitled to, under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relieffor the Families of Militia Men of 43 G. 3. c. 47. England, when called out into actual Service; or any other Acts relating to the Relief of the Wives and Families of Men fervirg in the Regular Militia of Great Britain; and for that Purpose all the Rules, Regulations,

nd Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures in the last mentioned Acts respectively contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such Relief as aforesaid as fully ana effectually as if the fame were herein enacted: Provided always, that all Sums of Money which shall be advanced and paid Provisoi to the Wives and Families of such Men, shall, upon delivery of a quarterly Account of the Payment thereof, certified and signed by Two Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Relief shall be given, be repaid to the Overseer or Overseers, or Parish Officer or Officers who shall have advanced the Tame, by the Receiver General of such County, out of any public Money in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Account of the said Receiver General: Provided always, that whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for Training and Fxercife, all Persons enrolled therein, having Families unable to support themselves as aforesaid, shall be entitled to Relief for their Wives and Families, notwithstanding such Families may be resident in the Place where the Regiment may be assembled.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Chief Constables, Con- Deputy Licute-stables, or other Officers, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed by any Subdivision namsmay cause should not be duly inrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose as before directed, then the Deputy Lieutenants at their said Meeting, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant, and One j^eed to fresh Justice of the Peace, nmy and they are hereby required immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to Ballot, and may proceed to a frefn Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending administer of the Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Oath*, &c. Execution; and it shall b lawful for any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Local Militia, to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Directions of this Act, such ballotted Man or Volunteer having been duly examined and approved as is herein after mentioned; and such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person by whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, to enrol the Name of every such Person so having been duly examined and approved as aforesaid, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such Subdivision.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia under this Persons Hallotted Act, shall, after Notice given to him, or left at his usual or last Place of Abode, of his having been so bal- not appearingt<# lotted, refuseor neglect t<> appear within such Period and at such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose within the Subdivision for which he shall have been so ballotted, (which Times and Places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County, and Notice thereof given by the Constables of the several Parishes, by putting up the fame on Churches,

Chapels, or other conspicuous Places), and be enrolled under this Act, and take the Oath to serve under this Act, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds; or if a Person not having or receiving any Penalty.

annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income whatsoever, amounting in the whole to

Two hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if not

amounting in the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, the Sum of Ten Fines paid to

Pounds; and every such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall on Receipt Clerk of Suhdi.

thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the fame being paid, which Certificate shall be coun- vifinn Meetings,

tersigned by some Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and shall, within Twenty one Days after the ^nlTto Account

Receipt thereof, pay the same into the Bank of England to a separaie Account of the Agent General for the of Agent

Local Militia, for the Purposes of the Local Militia of Great Britain^ being furnished with a Receipt for the General.

fame, and the Payment of such Fine shall exempt such Person from being ballotted and enrolled under this Act for Two Years and no longer; and such Person shall be liable to be ballotted and enrolled in the Year Years1

next but one atterthat in which he shall have been so ballotted as aforesaid, and in like manner to serve or pay

such Fine as aforesaid, and so in each Second succeeding Year.

[Amended, Post. c. 116.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That any Person imprisoned for the Nonpayment of any Fine for not persons im-appearing to be enrolled, or for rclufing to take the Oath, or for refusing or neglecting to attend an annual prisoned compel. Period of Training and Exercise, shall be compellable to serve for the full Period of Four Years after the 1 to serve Expiration of such Imprilomrnnt. Four \ cars.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Persons claiming Act, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds, instead of Thirty Pounds, shall sign a Exemption on Declaration that tire Amount of his Income does not exceed Two hundred Pounds or One hundred Pounds ^ymemof20l. as aforesaid, as the Calc may be, and shall deliver the same to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he shall .rjtbn'oY* appear to claim such Exemption, or produce a Certificate to the like Effect, allowed by any Commissioners income, under any Act relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, or to any False Dedara-Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties, within Twelve Months previous to the Production of such t, on-Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit Penalty, and pay for such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in Addition to such Fine.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Scr- Such Persons to vice under this Act upon Payment of Fine as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be liable to the Payment ^cI, a^lon

aring to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be summomd and 1

of any Fine under this Act, for not appearing 1 52 Geo. J1l.

required

RefuGng to sign or making folle Declaration.

[Penalty.]

Deputy lieutenants mny make new Apportionments in calc Quotas are found not to be in Proportion to Nunn tiers liable to serve.

New Lilts made out if any Lit.

Quakers or

UnitedBiethren, on Production of certain Certificates, shall not be enrolled, but shall be adjudged to pay a Proportion of Fines on Persons b.il-lotted and not appearing.

Provilb.

Persons having more than One Residenco.

Persons to serve in Militia of County in which Parish Church situate Justices may order Vavinent of Costs (or levying by Distress where Quakers

G38. ^' Georgii III. A.D. 1812.

required to appear before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, and shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or by such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so summoned and required to appear as aforesaid, to sign a Declaration that he hath not directly or indirectly, by any Policy, Premium or Promise of any Policy or Premium, or by any Engagement, insured fiimfelf again It such Fine or any Part thereof, and that no Person or Persons hath or have directly or indirectly, in Consideration of any Sum of Money or Promise of any Sum of Money, or Gift or Reward, or for any valuable Consideration whatever, undertaken, engaged or promised in any way to indemnify him therefrom, or from any Part thereof, or to repay to him, or to any Person or Persons on his Behalf, or for his Use, Benefit or Advantage, the said Fine or any Part thereof; and in case any Person so claiming to be exempt, or so summoned or required to appear as aforesaid, shall refuse so to sign such Declaration, or so to appear according to such Summons or Reauifition, or shall make any false Declaration in that Behalf, every such Person shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two JuRices of the Peace, forfeit Three Times the Amount of such Fine; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall be confined in any House of Correction or Common Gaol for such County, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty; and shall he liable personally to serve in the said Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment, or the Payment of such Penalty.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of any County in any case in which it shall appear to them to be necessary or proper, by reason of any Quotas of Local Militia of any Divisions of any County, or of any Parishes of any Division, being found by any Returns now made or which may hereafter be made, not to be in Proportion to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia in such respective Divisions or Parishes, or by reason of any Alteration which may have taken place in the Number of the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving for such Division or Parish, to make any new Apportionments, and ascertain and settle any Quotas of Local Militia, as to any Divisiona of any County, or as to any Parishes in any Division, by any new Apportionment as to such Diviuons, or as to the Parishes in any Divinon, according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local Militia which shall have been settled and ascertained for any Divisions, or for any Parishes of any Division, shall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of such Divisions and Parishes respectively, unless and until the Deputy Lieutenants shall deem it necessary to alter and shall have altered the fame, and settled any new Quotas under this ACE

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That, if the Lift of any Parish, Tything or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, to cause a new Lift in such Parish, Tything or Place to be made and returned to them, at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same manner as the Lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one t>f the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, who shall be ballotted under this Act, shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivision Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more respectable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, resident within the County or Place of Residence of such Person, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion, such Person shall not be enrolled; and it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any such Person to pay such Proportion of such Fines as are by this Act imposed on Persons ballotted and not appearing, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of such Person; and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after deducing of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Chattels can be found whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, and the Deputy Lieutenants Or Justices shall nevertheless upon Inquiry be satisfied that such Quaker or United Brother is of sufficient Ability to pay such Fine of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, if he shall think fit, to commit such Quaker or United Brother to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless such Sum shall be sooner paid and satisfied: Provided always, that no Quaker or United Brother so committed as aforesaid shall be confined among Felons.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to serve in the Local Militia, having more than One Place of Residence, shall serve for the County, Riding or Place, where his Name shall have been first inserted in such Lift as aforesaid; and the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting to which such Lift shall be returned shall, if such Person requires the fame, grant a Certificate gratis under his Hand, that such Person's Name was inserted in such Lift, and specifying-the time when such Lift was made and returned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in Two or more Counties or Ridings, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Local Militia of the County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated; and that such Parish shall, for all the Purposes of this Adfc, be deemed Part of such County or Riding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Rate shall have been made for the providing of Volunteers according to the Directions of this Att, and the Churchwardens and Overseers shall make Complaint to a Justice of the Peace, that any Quaker or Quakers has refused to p3y the Sum or Sums of Money he or they shall be rated at, such Justice shall order such Costs and Charges to be paid for levying such Distress as he

13 shall

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

/N

O#

38. 683

shall think reasonable, not exceeding Ten Shillings on each of the said Quakers where there are no more than Two, and where there are a greater Number than Two, not exceeding Five Shillings on each of the said Quakers: Provided always, that no Man shall be deemed, taken and accepted to be a Quaker within the meaning of this Act, unless he shall produce, before the Deputy Lieutenants at some of their Subdivision Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, resideiit within the said County, Riding or Place, and dated within the Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which it shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Man to be One of their Persuasion.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, either as a ballotted Man or Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully examined by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been declared and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for Service 5 and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, shall in all cases before they proceed to enrol any Man for the Local Militia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or the said Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of the County, Riding or Place for which any Man is to be enrolled, if any such Surgeon is within a reasonable Distance, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpose 5 and a reasonable Allowance, not exceeding One Guinea shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination, for every Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, and shall be paid to him in like Manner as other Allowances are directed to be made end paid to Subdivision Clerks under this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia is unable to serve from any permanent illness, Debility or bodily Infirmity, or is not of the full Height of Five Feet two Inches, or is not approved upon Examination, by a Surgeon according to the Directions of this Act, such Deputy Lieutenants or such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the reace shall and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions shall, as soon as they shall have enrolled the Number of Men required in their Subdivision, divide the Men so enrolled into as many Claftes of the Description herein after mentioned, as shall be found among such Men 5 that is to say, in the First Class they shall put all the Men having no Child or Children living; and in the Second Class, all the Men not having any Child or Children living under the Age of Fourteen Years; and in the Third Class, all the Men having any Child or Children, One of whom only shall be under the Age of Fourteen Years; and in the last Class, all the Men not included in any of the former Descriptions; and shall forthwith make out a List of such Classes, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C), and within Three Days after the completing thereof, the Clerk of such Subdivision Meeting shall transmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exact and true Copy of such Lift, made out in such Form as aforesaid, to be by him entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Local Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Local Militia Man shall belong, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall then be within the said County, Riding or Place, or for the Colonel or other Commandant only, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be absent therefrom, to discharge such Local Militia Man from his Regiment, Battalion or Corps; but another Man shall not be ballotted for in the Room of such Local Militia Man so discharged, until such Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the Subdivision for which such Local Muitia Man was enrolled, or at any General Meeting for the County, Riding or Place as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any private Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Local Militia, or enter or enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, Navy or Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia, or be discharged in manner aforesaid, as unfit for Service, or dismissed in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such private Man shall belong, shall certify the Vacancy occasioned by such Death, Appointment, Entering, Enlistment, Discharge or Dismissal, (as the case may be) to the Clerk to the General Meetings, who shall forthwith transmit the said Certificate to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision for which such private Man shall have been inrolled, and such Deputy Lieutenants shall immediately upon the Receipt of such Certificate, cause such Vacancy to be filled up by a fresh Ballot for a Loc?l Militia Man to serve according to the Provisions of this Act; except in such cases as are in this Act excepted.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting, and they are hereby ryuired to ascertain and fix by Ballet the Order

41 2 in

refuse to pay Rates for providing Volunteers.

Who deemed a Quaker.

No Man enrolled until examined and approved by Surgeon.

Allowance t <4 Surgeon.

Deputy Lieutenant* may discharge Perfoul chosen by Ballot who are unfit.

Deputy Lieutenants to class Men enrolled, and make out Lift, a Copy Clerk of Subdivision shall transmit to Cletk to General Meetings to be entered.

Men becoming unfit to serve discharged; but if done by the Commanding Officer only, it must be confirmed by Deputy Lieutenants before others are ballotted for.

Vacancies oc-_ cafioned by Death, Sec. filled up by a fresh Ballot.

Meetings of Lieutenancy for fix by Ballot

684

Order in which Subdivisions, tec. shall stand as to supplying Defi -ciencies on account of Appointment of Persons to be Serjeants or Corporals.

No Ballot to be for a Piivate appointed .1 Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer in Room of One reduced to the Ranks.

Ar Subdivision Meetings Men ballotted for in Room of those whose Terms of Servicewillexpire before Nov. oo next ensuing. a nd such Men discharged and others received. Enrolment of Servants shall not vacate Contracts with Mailers.

[Proviso.]

Dispute touching Wages* under toL Justice may settle it, and may grant Warrant for levying Money by Distress if not paid.

Two Deputy Lieutenants or a Justice may order Money agreed to he given to Volunteer, to be paid him on Enrolment.

Local Militia permitted to inlilt

C. 38. 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

in which the respe6Uve Subdivisions, Hundreds and Parishes in their respective Counties shall stand as to the supplying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may exist or arise therein by reason of the Appointment of any Persons serving in the Local Militia of any such County to be Serjeants or Corporals, and shall immediately after the same shall be so ascertained and fixed, cause such Subdivisions, Hundreds and Parishes respectively, to be entered in such Order, in a List to be prepared for that Purpose; and such Vacancies shall be supplied by such Subdivisions, Hundreds and Parishes, in the Order in which they shall have been entered in such Lift as aforesaid, and not by the Parishes for which the Men so promoted shall have served.

LX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private Local Militia Man shall be appointed a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in the Room of any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer reduced to the Ranks, no Ballot shall take place in the Parish or Place for which such private Man so appointed was then serving, in consequence of any Vacancy occasioned by such Appointment, so long as the Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer so reduced shall continue to serve in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, at their several Subdivision Meetings, shall and they are hereby required to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the Room of ail Local Militia Men actually serving, whose Terms of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November next ensuing the holding of such Subdivision Meetings, and shall at a following Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to enrol the said ballotted Men as aforesaid; and the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, is hereby empowered, from time to time, to discharge any Man of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whose time of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November next ensuing, and to receive any other Local Militia Man in his Room, who shall have taken the Oath, and been enrolled according to the Directions of this Act; and every such Man so discharged shall be entitled to the fame Immunity from further Service as if he had served his full Term.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Local Militia Man by virtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate or refeind the Contract or alter the Engagement between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, unless the Local Militia of the County, Riding or Place for which such Servant shall be enrolled, shall be embodied or called out by His Majesty, or ordered to be so in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled shall leave the Service of his Master, Mistress, or Employer or Employers, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised in pursuance of this Act, and shall not return again to the fame Service at the End of such Period of Training and Exercise, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress or Employer or Employers, an Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to be settled by a Justice of the Peace in the manner herein after mentioned; and in every such case, where any Dispute shall arise between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on Account of his Service performed before the time of his Departure from Service, under the Conditions of the said Enrolment, or by being being called out to join the Local Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be made by such Servant by reason of his Absence, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate or Place, where such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witness*es, touching the fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his Service, in cases where the Party shall difagnee, as the case may require, and as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Non payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space of Seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice may and shall issue forth his Warrant to ltvy the fame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and such Churchwardens or Overseers shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged, a certain Sum for such Service, it shall be lawful for Two Deputy Lieutenants, qr any One Justice of the Peace, and they and he are and is hereby required, after such Volunteer has been examined by a Surgeon, and approved according to the Directions of this Act, and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in pursuance thereof, to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to them or him to be due to the Volunteer so engaged, to be immediately paid to him on such Enrolment, in the Presence of such Deputy Lieutenants.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ballotted or enrolled to serve, or serving in the Local Militia under this Act, to enlist or enter into His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia of the fame or some adjoining County, at any time, except during such Portion of the Period of being assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise under this Act, as His Majesty shall by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe; and the Entitling or Entry of every such Man shall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom such Man shall have enlisted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, from which such Man shall have enlisted or entered; and all Vacancies arising by any such enlisting or enter-

12 ing

A.D. 1812.

52 GEORGII III.

C. 38. 685

Apprentices not permitted to inlist without Matters Cot*-Tent.

ing as aforesaid, shall be supplied in like manner as any other Vacancies in the said Local Militia: Provided Serjeant, &c. always, that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of any Regiment of Local Militia, on permanent Pay as such, not shall be entitled to his Discharge, or be allowed to cnnft into the Army, Navy or Marines, or Regular Militia, or to engage himself as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, whether the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer shall belong, shall be assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise or nof, unless with the Consent in Writing of the Commanding Officer of his Regiment given for that Purpose.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any Apprentice ballotted under this Act to enlist in the Army, Navy,

Marines, or to enter as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia, or, being a Member of a Volunteer Corps, to transfer himself into the Local Militia without the Consent of his Mailer; provided also, that no Ballot, Enrolment and Service under this Act, shall extend to make void or in any manner to affect any Indenture of Apprenticeship or Contract of Service between any Master or Servant, notwithstanding any Covenant or Agreement in any such ludenture or Contract; and no Service under this Act of any Apprentice or Servant shall be deemed or construed or taken to be an Absence from Service, or a Breach of any Covenant or Agreement as to any Service or Absence from Service, in any Indenture of Apprenticeship or Contract of Service; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Deed or Indenture of Apprenticeship, or Contract of Service to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Vacancies arising in the Local Militia by such enlisting as aforesaid, or by Discharge, Absence, Desertion, Death or Expiration of Service, shall be filled up according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful at any time before the Local Militia of any County shall be completed to the full Amount specified in this Act as the Quota of such County, and also at any time thereafter when any Vacancies shall arise in such Local Militia, for any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty five, of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches, and not having more than Two Children under Fourteen Years of Age, who shall be approved of in the manner hereinbefore directed, (as well Members of Volunteer Corps as others) voluntarily to enrol themselves in the Local Militia of such County, according to the Provisions of this Act, until the full Number of Men required by virtue of this Act in such County shall be completed.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or.

Thing is directed to be enquired of or examined into, upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, before any Lieutenant of any County, or any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to administer such Oath to any Witness or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths to be taken in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be respectively administered by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Local Militia of the several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesau', shall be formed into Companies, which shall not consist of more than One hundred and twenty, nor of less than Sixty private Men, and that to each of such Companies there shall be One Captain, and One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and that where the Number of Men raised for any County, Riding or Place, is sufficient, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed into One or more Regiments, confiding of not more than Twelve nor of less than Eight such Companies 5 and where the Number of Men raised in any County,

Riding or Place, is not sufficient to form a Regiment, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed into a Battalion, confiding of not more than Seven nor of less than Four such Companies; and where the Number of Men raised in any County, Riding or Place is not sufficient to form a Battalion of Four such Companies, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed into a Corps, confiding of not less than Three such Companies 5 and that the Field Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps respectively, shall in no case exceed the respective Numbers and Ranks following; that is to say, in every Regiment confiding of not less than Eight hundred private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors; in every Regiment or Battalion confiding of not less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, One Lieutenant Colonel and One Major; and in every Battalion confiding of less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel and One Major; and in every Corps confiding of Three Companies, One Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer: Provided always, that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Local Militia shall be a Captain of a Company: Provided also, that every Battalion confiding of Five Companies or upwards, may have One Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which Two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and that every Regiment may have One Company of Grenadiers and One Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies Two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign: Provided also, that to every Company confiding of Ninety private Men or upwards, there may be Two Lieutenants and One Ensign, or Three Lieutenants, as the case may be.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty* by any Order signified by His Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals, actually serving in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, at the time of passing this Act, to be retained during the Continuance of the present War, or for so long a time during the Continuance thereof as His Majesty shall think fit, as Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, or Corporals respectively of such Regiments, Battalions or Corps, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall exceed the Proportion of Officers Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Coi

Vacancies filled up notwithstanding Suspension of Ballot.

Volunteers allowed to enter until Local Militia completed.

Lieutenants* Deputies and Justices, authorized to administer Oaths.

How Regiments

of Militia shall be formed and officered.

His Majesty may dire# any Number of Officers, See. serving in lx>cal Militia at Time of patting Act, to be retained, although Number may exceed Proportion prescribed

686 C.^8.

5*

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

for any Regiment, &c.

Officers retained beyond Proportions prescribed, to succeed to Vacancies.

In cases of Regiments being reduced, Officers may be appointed to other Regiments.

His Majesty may order Counties to be divided.

Tn what case His Majesty may order I .ocal Militia to be formed, Sec.

In what case County Lieutenant may act as Commandant of Local Militia.

Local Militia Officers accepting Commissions of fame Rankin any other Regiment how to rank.

When Commandant absent from G. B., His Majesty may direct Officer next in Command to act, who shall be vested «ith fame Powers till Commandant shall return and notify his Arrival.

Local Militia, by this Act 5 and all such Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively are by Law entitled unto; any thing in any Law or Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Officers so retained who shall exceed the Proportion of Officers respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall succeed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively, according to their respective Ranks, and beginning with the elded Officer of each Rank respectively.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Local Militia of any County, shall, previously to the passing of this Act, have confided of Two or more Regiments, Battalions or Corps, and any One or more of such Regiments, Battalions or Corps, shall (in consequence of the Reduction of the Quota of Local Militia for such County under this Act) be reduced, it shall in every such case be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that any Number of Field Officers, and Officers, together with the Adjutant and Quarter Master, who were serving at the time of passing this Act, shall and may be appointed by the Lieutenant of such County to act as Field Officers, Officers, Adjutant or Quarter Master respectively, in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia within the said County, and shall continue to serve in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they may be so appointed, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps may exceed the Proportion of Officers prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia under this Act; and all such Officers so appointed and retained as aforesaid shall be entitled to such Pay, Rank, Emolument and Advantages, as other Officers of the Local Militia are entitled to, and shall succeed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, according to their respective Ranks, beginning with the eldest Officer of each Rank respectively; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in any case in which more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raised in any County, to direct the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County to divide such County, lor the Purposes of this Act, into such Number of Divisions as there are Regiments, Battalions or Corps to be raised in such County, Regard being had to the Number of Persons liable to serve and the Establishment of each Regiment, and all other circumstances of local Convenience; an 1 from and after such Division, each of such Divisions of such County shall supply all Vacancies arising in the Regiments, Battalions or Corps respectively belonging to such Divisions: Provided always, that such Divisions and all Apportionments made in pursuance thereof may be from time to time varied or altered, as Occasion may require.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in every case for which no special Provision is made by this Act, to cause the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, to be formed and regulated in such manner as to His Majesty shall seem meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, Battalions or Corps, conforming in every case, as near as the Proportions of Men will admit, to the Establishment with respect to Regiments, Battalions, Coips and Companies, in this Act particularly directed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, that it shall he lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, to act as Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia for such County, Riding or Place, for and during such time as there shall not be any Commandant appointed to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, shall take the Command of any Local Militia of the said County, Riding or Place, such Lieutenant shall be entitled to the Rank of Colonel, but shall not receive any higher Pay than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant s Provided always, that no Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, shall act as Commandant of more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps, at One time, excepting in those cases in which such Lieutenant may have transferred his Services to the Local Militia as Commandant of more than One Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being duly qualified, who may have accepted or shall accept a Commission or Appointment of the fame Rank in any other Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall thereby vacate his former Commission, shall continue to rank in the general Service according to the Date of his Commission or Appointment of the fame Rank in the Local Militia, so vacated as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall belong, and to the Commanding Officer and Adjutant thereof, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under His Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer next in Command, who shall be residing in Great Britain, mall in all cases aft and serve as the Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been exercised by such Colonel or other Commandant, so absent as aforesaid, while resident in Great Britain, shall be vested in and exercised by the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be resident in Great Britain, and from and after issuing the said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to be transacted and done by any other Person or Persons with such Colonel or other Commandant whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and done during the time aforesaid, with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain; and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant for the Use of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be issued and paid to or to the Order of such Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Things, done by and with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, during the

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 38. 687

the time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorized or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant when in Great Britain, shall be as good and valid as if done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant 5 and during the Absence from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be redding in Great Britain, shall appoint the Quarter Matter to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the same manner as such Colonel or other Commandant might have done: Provided always, that such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who Officer nett shall attiime the Powers so given to him as aforesaid, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, shall, within Seven Days after he shall assume any such Powers, notify the Seven Days after Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel or other Commandant to the Lieutenant of the County, Ri- afTuming the ding or Place, and also to the Secretary at War: Provided also, that if any such Colonel or other Commandant Command, as aforesaid, shall have given any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought not, fy Absence to be provided for the life of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance of any cwntv l^eu Order by proper Authority, and if before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be com- t°n4nt [0 pleted, and before the Money shall be issued for the fame, such Colonel or other Commandant shall leave Secretary at Great Britain, the Orders so given by such Colonel or other Commandant shall nevertheless be completed, War. and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or other Com- inters given by mandant, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain as aforesaid 5 and in like manner if any Officer so Dt*or

next in Command as aforesaid, shall, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or Accoutrements other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Clothing or'completed, and other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion Money paid, or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, and before such Orders shall be u, ou*h hc completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money which ought to be ittued shall be issued £*3 "as shall for the fame, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as afore* ordcVs given by said, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money Officer next in to be issued iu respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, notwithstanding the Return of such Command dining Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid. Absence of

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and shall appoint One proper Person, who shall ^ueTh. may have served in some of His Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia while embodied, for the Term of Five return.

Years at the least, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia; and such Ad- His Majesty to jutant, if appointed out of His Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the Local Militia, preserve appoint Adju-nis Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and it shall be lawful for*nufronll!jf. the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Command- whcTshall pre!1* ant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, raised within such County, Riding or Place, to serve their Rank appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to serve with the Rank of Captain, provided in the Army, and such Adjutant shall have firved Five Years as a Commissioned Officer in the Regular or Local Militia while may be appoint-embodied, or in His Majesty's other Forces, or in the Volunteers, although such Adjutant may not have the th? Qualification required by this Att for Captains: Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of ^-lvc*Years* Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the fame it be specified in what Regiment, Battalion Service, though or Corps of the Militia, while embodied, or of His Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served, and not qualified, what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutant so No Adjutant so appointed to serve with the Rank of Captain, shall, by virtue of the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Local Militia: ^ninfand a

Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall, by reason of any such Appointment as aforesaid, be entitled to Captain of a receive any greater or other Pay or Allowances than those of Adjutant. Company, or be

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, in every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, entitled to confiding of not less than Two Companies, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Softer Pay than Place, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint One fit and proper Person, who shall have paffea an i Corps of not Examination at Surgeons Hall, or at the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and received his Certificate ac- lek than Two cordingly, to be Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and every such Appointment shall recite Companies a the Certificate of the Person so appointed, and an attested Copy thereof shall be transmitted to and filed with Su*g«>n may be the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every such Surgeon shall, while the Local Militia to which he shall "PPoinled»S: c* belong are disembodied, receive Fifteen Shillings per Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise oT such Local Militia under this Act, and One Guinea for every Day that he shall attend the Enrolments at the Subdivifron Meetings; such last mentioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Local Militia shall belong; and every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid shall, during the time of in what case the Local Militia to which he shall belong being embodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Surgeons, to Infantry in His Majesty's other Forces, and be subject to the like Rules, Restrictions and Directions, in every receive Pay and respect, as far as the fame may be applicable; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County* Riding or jn.

Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other fanuy, "ndhold Commandant thereof, to give to such Surgeon a Commimonas Lieutenant or Ensign in such Regiment or Bat- Commissionas talion; but no such Surgeon shall be capable of receiving any Pay in respc*6l of any such Commission in such Subalterns.

Local Militia, during the time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, Th;

hat it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Quarter Master Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint One fit appointed, See. and proper Person to be the Quarter Matter of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively; and it

shall

688 G. jS. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

No Adjutant, See

appointed Captain of Company, nor any Cspt.iin of Comp .nv r.p-pointed Adjutant, &c.

Hall Pay Offi-.cers firviny nv, y receive H; U l\.y on taking following

Oath.

Proportirns «of Nen Commiuion Officers ai.d Drummers.

mall be lawful foi the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, for which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Master to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quarter Master may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that such Quarter Master shall not be capable of holding any Commission or receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company in the Local Militia, during the time of his being such Quarter Master atraforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Master in the Local Militia, shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company, nor shall any Person holding the Commission of Captain of a Company be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Master of Local Militia.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit fuel) Half Pay, during the time he shall serve as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Master or Surgeon in the Local Militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so entitled to Half Pay, and serving as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do swear, That I had not, between the and the;

i any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my

Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in late Regiment of

save and except my Pay as [Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant,

Quarter Master or Surgeon, as the case may be-], for serving in the Local Militia.9 t

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to

receive his Half Pay.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall be appointed to the Local Militia, in the following Proportions; that is to say, there shall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Twenty private Men; and there shall be Two Drummers to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions consisting of Five or more Companies as aforesaid; and all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, not being retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters in the manner herein after directed, shall take the Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by Persons chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia; and that all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may have consented or been engaged to remain on Permanent Pay at Head Quarters as herein after directed, shall take the following Oath; that is to say,

Oath to he taken by Non Commit'-fion Officers and Drummer on permanent Pay,

Serjeant Majors and Drum Majors appointed; bur no Publican shall I'eive as Serjeant, &c.

Commandants may discharge Serjeants, &c. and appoint others.

Extra Drummers kept as Fifers or Midi, dans, at Expence of Regiment.

I A.B. do fiitcerely promise and swear, That f will be true and faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Local Militia within Great Britain, for the*Defence of the fame, until I shall be legally discharged.*

And all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers receiving permanent Pay as such from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, mall be deemed to be engaged, and shall be compellable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, until they shall be legally discharged, and when not in actual Service shall be new clothed once in Two Years: And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Two or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, consisting of Three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major: Provided always, that no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed, or of serving or receiving permanent Pay as an Adjutant, Quarter Master, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer in the Local Militia.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, whether upon permanent Pay or otherwise, may be discharged by the Colonel or other Commandant, and the said Colonel or other Commandant may appoint any proper Person in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who shall die, desert, be difTmified or discharged, all which Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, so appointed, shall take the like Oath as is hereinbefore required to be taken by Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers re-fpcftvely.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, Riding or Place, or the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than is herein directed to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the use of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commandant, to retain in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps, any Number of the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number established by this Act, or at any time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps; and all such Drummers so retained or in future engaged to serve in any such Corps as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed Drummers of Local Militia within the Meaning of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the fame Orders, Regulations, Penalties and Punishments, as other Drummers of Local Militia are by this Act subject, and shall continue to serve as as they shall receive the same Pay and no longer.

Drummers so long jug in lieu thereof

and Clothing as other Drummers have, or better Cloth-

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38. 9

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Local Militia when drawn out and embodied shall be Local Militia entitled to the fame Pay and Allowances, for themselves and Families, according to their respective Ranks, as whem embodied His Majesty's other Militia Forces when drawn out and embodied. entitled to Pay,

LXaXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Act shall, upon being assembled for Training and Exercise under this Act, be entitled to a Sum not exceeding j sOC^\ Militia Ten Shillings and Six pence for the First Year of his Service, and Five Shillings and Three pence for each entitled to succeeding Year of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company to which such Man shall Allowance for belong, for the Purpose of providing and keeping up such Necessaries for such Person as may be specified in Ncceflarie*. any Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State to that EfFeft; and all such Sums of Money shall, at the Conclusion of each Period of Exercise or Service as aforesaid, be accounted for, by the Captain commanding each Company, to the Quarter Master of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Captain shall belong; and the Residue, if any, paid to such Quarter Matter, who shall account for the fame, to the Secretary at War: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive any Allowance for Necessaries, who shall not have been present during the whole of the Period of Annual Exercise.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to put the Local Militia His Majesty enrolled under this Act, when assembled for Training or Exercise in time of War, or when embodied as here- may put Local inafter mentioned in like manner as the Regular Militia when embodied, under the Command of such General Mrfitia under Officers of His Regular Forces, as His Majesty shall please to appoint 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary GencTal OfficeK* notwithstanding. '

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that and may order it the Local Militia to be raised under this Act, shall be called out within their respective Counties in each Year, 10 becalledout at such times, in such manner, and in such Proportions and under such Regulations as His Majesty shall direct e

in that Behalf, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised. Regard being had to the local Circumstances of each County, and to the Seasons most important to the Course of Industry and Cultivation within the same; and the Periods and Places for such Exercise shall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieu- Men not to be tenants of the several Counties, with the Approbation of His Majesty: Provided always, that no Local twined for more Militia Men under this Act shall be trained or exercised any greater Number of Days in the whole in each ^year wr be* Year than Twenty eight entire Days, exclusive of Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching ordered to marck to and from the Place appointed for Exercise (for which extra Days the Pay and Subsistence allowed to fro*n County in His Majesty's Forces on March shall be allowed); and no such Local Militia shall be ordered to march for which enrolled, such Training and Exercise out of the County within which any such Local Militia shall have been enrolled, unless as herein after directed.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order notified by In what case Hi* Secretary of State, upon the Application of the Lieutenant of any County in which the principal Town Local Militia or Towns of such County shall not afford sufficient Accommodation for the Quartering of the Local Militia e

of the County, during the Training and Exercising of such Local Militia, or in any case in which it may be County, more convenient with respect to the Residence of the Persons enrolled in such Local Militia, and to the Distance which such Persons may have to march for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, to authorize and allow, and to order the Local Militia of such County, or any Regiments or Regiment thereof, or any Detachment or Company of any such Regiment, to be marened into any adjoining County for the Purpose of training and exercising; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XC. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia of any County shall have been so called oat His Majesty nray for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for His Majesty by any Order of His Prin- any f?rt

cipal Secretary of State at any time that He may think fit, to order and direct any Part or Proportion of ^wi^and d'i? such Local Militia to be.dismissed, and its Exercise to be discontinued; and from time to time again to direct COntinue Train-the assembling of any such Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, for the Purpose of being trained ing, &c. and exercised, as to His Majesty may seem necessary, according to the Rules and Provisions in this Act contained.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person enrolled to serve as a Private in the Local Militia Men may re-.under this Act, shall be deilrous of removing from One County to another County, at any time or times during wove from Onehe Period of his Service, it shall be lawful for him so to do upon giving Notice in Writing to his Commanding to

Officer, who shall certify the same to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or the Clerk of the Lieutenancy,

of the County to which such Local Militia Man intends to remove 5 and every such Local Militia Man so removing, shall be received into the Local Militia of the County, if there be any Local Militia enrolled in such ^County; and if not, into the Local Militia of some adjoining County to that to which he shall have removed, and shall continue to serve therein for the Remainder of the Term for which he shall have been enrolled; and every such Local Militia Man who shall not present hirafelf to the Deputy Lieutenants of some Subdivision in such County or such adjoining County as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being enrolled in the Local Militia thereof, and who shall not transmit to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from which he shall have removed, within One Month after the Expiration of such Annual Training, a Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps into which he may have been received, of his having been duly trained and exercised in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall forfeit double the Sum Penalty, which such Person would have forfeited if he had not appeared to be trained and exercised in the Local Militia in which he was ballot ted under this Act; and every Person who shall again remove, or who shall proceed to any other County, than that of which he shall have first given Notice, shall in like manner again give Notice,

and transmit Certificates as aforesaid c Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Person enrolled to but nor durmf Cerve as a Local Militia Man to remove from One County to another County, during the time that the Regi* Period of

52 Geo. III. 4 U went traiuin«-

l.ord Lieutenant, Sec. may call out Local Militia for Suppression of Riots, Men not appearing.

[Penalty.]

When so called out, deemed assembled for Training, and £<me notified to Secretary of StJte; hut not to be kept so assembled rrore than 28 Days in One Year.

Serjeants of Chelsea Hospital and Out Pensioners, may receive Allowances therefrom, together with Pay in Local Militia.

Serjeants, See. having served in Local Militia ao Years may receive Chelsea Pension.

During Time of Exercise, Mutiny Act and Ai tides of War how far in force.

Officer commanding any Division of Local Militia called out to exercise, net being under Rank of Captain, may order Courts Martial t*be held, and l ornmandant of Rfgiment, on Application, shall order a sufficient Number of Officers to attend, but Sentence fit.ill bel'ub-mi' ted to Commandant.

Offences commuted during Training mny be tried itfterwaids.

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

ment to which he belongs shall be assembled, without having first obtained the Consent of his Commanding Officer expressed in Writing.

XCII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or for the Vice Lieutenant of any County, or for the Sheriff of any County, or, in the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant and Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, for any Two Justices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to call out and assemble the Local Militia, or any Part of the Local Militia, of such County, for the Suppression of any Riot or Tumults in such County, or in any adjoining County 5 and every Person then inrolled in the Local Militia so called out as aforesaid, who shall not appear and join his Regiment within such Time and at such Place as shall be specified in any Notice or Notices put upon Churches, Chapels or other conspicuous Places, or otherwise publickly given, shall be subjc& to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in this A £1, for not appearing when the Local Militia shall be assembled for Training and Exercise: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part of any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that the Person not appearing was prevented by Absence, or any unavoidable cause from receiving such Notice, or appearing as aforesaid; and all such Local Militia, when so called out and assembled on such Service as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be assembled for Training and Exercise under this A £1 5 and all Provisions relating to the Local Militia when assembled for Training and Exercise shall apply to the Local Militia called out upon such Service as aforesaid, and all Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercise under this Act: Provided always, that when any Local Militia shall be so called out as aforesaid, the same shall be immediately notified to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty's Approbation thereof: Provided also, that no such Local Militia shall be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Service for any longer Period than Twenty eight Days in any one Year; and if any such Service shall arise after any such Local Militia shall have been trained and exercised for the full Period of Twenty eight Days in such Year, then and in such case the Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercising of the succeeding Year.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person able and fit to serve, being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, or being an Out Pensioner on the Establishment of the said Hospital, and being appointed to serve as a Serjeant in the Local Militia, may and shall receive the Allowance to which he is entitled on the Establishment of the said Hospital, together with his Pay from the said Local Militia \ and any Person who shall have faithfully served on permanent Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the Local Militia for Twenty Years, or any Person who having previously served as a Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man in the Regular Army, or as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Regular Militia, shall by Service in the Local Militia make up on the whole such Period of Twenty Years Service in the Army, Militia and Local Militia taken together, and who shall be discharged on account of Age or Infirmity, shall, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant, and Three or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding or Place, be entitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be capable of being placed on the Establishment of the said Hospital at the Pension of Five pence per Diem, if the said Board should judge him deserving thereof.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That, during such time as any Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained ar\d exercised, or for the Suppression of any Riot or Tumult as aforesaid, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and in the Articles of War made in pursuance of such Act, shall be in force with respect to such Local Militia, and to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the fame, id all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Life or Limb; and that it shall be lawful for the Officer commanding and present with any Detachment or Division of Local Militia called out to exercise under any of the Provisions of this Act, not being under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he shall think it necessary, a Regimental Court Martial to be held for the Trial of any Offence committed by any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man under and during his Command 5 and if a sufficient Number of Officers shall dot be present to constitute such Court Martial, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the .Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to which any such Detachment or Division of Local Militia shall belong, and he is hereby required upon Application made to him by the Officer commanding such Detachment or Division for that Purpose, to order a sufficient Number of Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Purpose of afiiiting at such Court Martial, who shall forthwith attend the fame, and assist as Members thereof; and the Sentence of every such Court Martial shall in every case be submitted to the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regimeot, Battalion or Corp9 to which such Detachment or Division shall belong, or (in his Absence from the County, Riding or Place) to the Senior Field Officer within the same, for his Approval thereof, who shall cause such Sentence to be put in Execution, mitigated or remitted as he shall in his Discretion think heft for the Service: Provided always, that every such Court Martial which may have been assembled for the Trial of any Offender as aforesaid, during the Period of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being assembled for Training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, may continue to fit notwithstanding the Dismissal 01 Lhe Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the, Members composing the Court Martial may belong.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, rand Private Man of the Local Militia, who shall, during the Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, being embodied or assembled for Training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of RioUaad Tumults, have been

5 guilty

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38. 691

guilty of any Offence against any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance of any such Ad, and shall have been put under Arrest for, or shall have been reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to have committed such Offence before the Disembodying or Dismissal of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by any General or Regimental Court Martial confiding of Officers of the Militia or Local Militia, and if found guilty may be pumshed for such Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man shall belong, shall not then be embodied or assembled, in like manner as any Officer, Serjeant,

Corporal or Drummer, or Private Man of the Local Militia may be tried during the Period of the Local Militia being embodied.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Local Militia NoticesofTimes Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall, by Order of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or (in the Absence and Places of of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) of any Three Deputy Lieutenants, be sent by the Clerk of the General sent so

Meetings to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in the respective Counties, Ridings and Places; Meetin'"who and shall be advertised by the Clerk of the General Meetings Three Times in the County Paper, or if any frail issue Older* County shall have no Paper, then in the Paper of some adjoining County, and the Deputy Lieutenants, at some for calling out Subdivision Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the said Notices, Men; Notices shall cause the Men serving for such Subdivision to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been a£verVfed and notified by the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid, and for that Purpose shall issue Orders to the Chief churcl^Doors Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions respect sufficient.*tively, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, which Constables, Tything-men, Headboroughs and other Officers, shall cause such Notice as aforesaid, to be affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice so advertised or affixed as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in manner herein after directed; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers, are hereby ConftaMcs* required also to give Notice in Writing to the several Local Militia Men who shall be called out to be trained give written and exercised at such Times and Places respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the fame at their Notice* to Me usual Place of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Local Militia toatlen Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notices respectively.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in every County, Clerk of Sub-Riding or Place, shall, within the Space of Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notices as aforesaid, from the division Meet-Clerk of the General Meetings, cause a full and true Lift, specifying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of LWls^fMen ei»-all the Persons enrolled (within each Subdivision respectively) to serve in such Local Militia, and the Time rolled, and Time and Place of Exercise to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of and Place of Local Militia, for which such Persons have been enrolled by virtue^of this Act, or to such Person as shall be Exercise, to appointed by such Commanding Officer to receive the same, and shall in like manner cause a Duplicate of such ^2 Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps. Officer*, c.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia when Pay of of any County, Riding or Place, when not embodied and called out into actual Service, and who shall be Men called out called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised as aforesaid, shall commence upon the Day on which to Exercise, t*. such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division to which he shall belong, and coran, cnceb not before.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That, in case any Local Militia Man shall on his March to the Place Local Militia where he shall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercise, be disabled by Sickness or otherwise, it shall be Man falling sick lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of n March how any City, Town or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him rtlicve<k such Relief, as such Justice, Mayor or Chief Magistrate, shall think reasonable, and the same shall be given by the Officers of the Parish, Tything or Place where such Local Militia Man shall then be; and the Officers

Ofgch Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Quarter Matter of the^vent. Battalion or Corps to which such Local Militia Man shall belong (such Account being first allowed under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace), be re-imbursed such Expences by such Quarter Matter, who shall be allowed the fame in such Accounts.

C. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs and other Chief Magistrates, Migrates m^y and for all Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Peace Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Ty- ^Mia l^hen things and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or called out to^n-near any City, Town, Parish, Tything or Place, but for no others, and they and he are and is respectively mul Exercise,

/ hereby required, to quarter apd billet the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men and when not, serving in the Local, ftlfliua attjh^ Times'when they shall be coifed cut to annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery embodied may - Stable^ Alp/Hou^Si Vid^Uiogr.Hpuf^s, and arf Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strbtf^WaterS, Cyder, order L^d6m2s» i Wine or Meihegtin, by Retail, pjjop Application made to ariy such Mayors, Bailiffij or other Chief Msgif- irtfe«, o r for any Constabl'es^ythm^Jdeadboroughs or other PieaOe Officers, by &is Majesty's Lieutenaht, officer* and «. jor'by) the-Colond^or .Pthe!r, jC<^ Local Militia, of the County, Riding Or Place' whfcre Drummsn.

they shall be so called out to Exercise as aforesaid; arid when the Local Militia is not embodied, rior called but.to lExercife as aforesaid and other Chief Magistrate? arid Oflifcers aforesaid, or (in their Default or 'f

AWweJny may, and thfey. and he arc and is herlebyrespectively required

'; ftf a ', 1'"'("f' ' : '; ': to,

692 C. 38.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Justices to grant Warrants for imprefting Carriages for Local Militia on its March.

Rates paid for Carriages.

If Expence exceed Rates,

to order and provide convenient Lodging, With Fire and Candle in such Housea as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia on permanent Pay.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia shall be called out to be trained aind exercised, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, any Justice of the Peace of any County Riding or Place being thereunto required by an Order from the Lieutenant or from any Deputy Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Place, or from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Local Militia, being within such County, Riding or Place, may and shall issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables of Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or Divisions, or to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings or Places, from, through, near, or to which any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Local Militia, shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient Carriages to convey the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Ammunition, and other Stores, with able Men to drive such Carriages, as shall he mentioned in the said Order; and in case such sufficient Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for any adjoining County, Riding or Place, may and shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything or Place within such adjoining County, Riding or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid* to make up such Deficiency of Carriages and Men; and such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commanding Officer, requiring such Carriages and Men to be provided as aforesaid, shall at the same time pay to every such Chief Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Five Horses, and any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall respectively travel; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile any such Cart with Four Horses shall travel, and so. in Proportion for any Carriages drawn by any less Number of Horses or Oxen; for which respective Sums every Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Person paying the fame; and every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tything. man, Headborough or other Officer, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages* within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, Divisions, Parishes, Tythings or Places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carnages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid 5 and every Person so ordered, is hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly for One Day's Journey, and no more; and in case any such Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers, shall be at any Charges for such Carriages, over and above the Money which shall be so received by them as. a^ore^a*> fi*ch Overplus shall be borne by every County, Riding or Place, where such additional Expence shall Treasurer.ncurre^» and be repaid to them without Fee or Reward by the Treasurer of every such County, Riding or

Place out of the publick Stock.

Local Militia Cl I. And be it further enacted, That, when any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, or aoy> Men when called Detachment or Division thereof as aforesaid, shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, out to Exercise shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company, to put the Local Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding Four pence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with such other Necessaries, as shall be specified in any Order from the Secretary of State to., that Effect, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Local Militia Man's Neglect: Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Local Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deduced what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining f if any there shall be) into the Hands of the Local Militia Man to whom the fame belongs, before such Local Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be called out to Exercise as before directed, and within Fourteen Days from the time of assembling, shall and he is hereby required to return to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place to which the fame belongs, a true State of futh Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meetings, to be filed; and all such Lifts shall state the Numbers actually present, adding thereto the Names of those that have been absent without Leave of the Commandant, or without transmitting Certificates of ill Health; and where the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised in Parts or Proportions successively in manner directed by this Act, the Officer commanding every such Part or Proportion for the Time being shall, within Seven Days after the assembling of such Part or Proportion, make a Return of the State of the Local Militia exercised by him or under his Command to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Local Militia so exercised shall belong, on Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Omission j and the Colonel or Commanding Officer receiving such Return shall, within Fourteen Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have been so assembled, shall have been received by him, transmit a General Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Local Militia shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be filed; and in case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for Three Months, after the time herein appointed for making such Returns, so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company of Local Militia called out to exercise under this Act shall, during the time of such Exercise, make out a correct and

11 accurate

put under Stoppages for providing them with Linen, &c.

Returns of L0c. 1l Militia when called out 10 he exercised, to be made by the CoLnel, &c. to the County Lieutenant, &c.

[Penalty.]

Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Captains of Companies to make out Return for

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

.38. 693

accurate Return of the State of the Classes of the Men belonging to his Company, arranged according to the Adjutant, or.

Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), specifying the several Particulars therein men- ^ere n^ne.tot tioned, and the Subdivision to which every such Man shall belong, and shall deliver or transmit the same to the 'whQS

Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or, where there shall be no \djutant, to the Commmanding <hJlm.»ke out a Officer of the Local Militia of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Company shall belong; and such General Return, Adjutant or Commanding Officer (as the case may be) shall, within One Month after every such Exercise as transmit aforesaid, prepare and make out a general and accurate Return of all such Classes, according to such Form, CUrkof

and with such Specification as aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and shall also transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, within the County, Riding or Place, to the fary Extra£sto Local Militia of which he shall belong, Extracts of such Return, containing the State of the Classes of Men Clerks of Subdibelonging to their respective Subdivisions, and such Subdivision Clerks shall forthwith correct the Books ofiGorn, who fhiU Enrolment of their respective Subdivisions, so as to correspond accurately with such Return 5 and the Clerk '

to the General Meetings shall forthwith, upon Receipt of such Return as aforesaid, and within Two Months mell(therefrom., after the Expiration of such Exercise as aforesaid, make out and transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Chrk to Gene-Secretaries of State, correct Abstracts of all such Returns as aforesaid made out in the Form in the Schedule r , l Meeting to marked ( F.), to this Act annexed; and every Person so required as aforesaid to make any such Return, who 'ranfnvt to Se-shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make the fame in manner aforesaid, at the Period hereby required for that cretf Purpose, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Returns

CV. And be it further enacted, That every Local Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity inca- penalty, pacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercised according to the Men not appeal*-. Directions of this Act, (Notice having beep published and given as by this A A required) shall be deemed at Kserdfe,

a^Deserter, and if not taken until after the time of any such Exercise, mail forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty i X absentinfr

Pounds; and also every Local Militia Man, who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which Pena he belongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Division thereof, shall desert or absent himself during the time of any such Exercise, and shall not be taken until after the time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of Penalty, the Peace before whom any Local Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence, shall commit such Local Militia Man to the House of Correction to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space not exceeding Three Months, and not less than Fourteen Days, or Until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Local Militia Man shall desert or absent himself from Men absenting his Duty, and shall not return and voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other Officer, Commissioned themselvrs, and ar Non Commissioned, commanding at the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion take^wfth?n or Corps to which he shall belong, shall be deposited, or shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months j hree Months, from the time of his so deferring or absenting himself* then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding others ballotted Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of for. their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Local Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned, to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the Room of such Local Militia Man 5 and in case such Local Such Men re-Militia Man shall at any time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have turning, See. been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same manner and for the fame Term, as if no Person to

bad been so chosen in his Room.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Local Militia shall be Muflcetsmarked, marked distinctly in some visible Place with the Letters (L M), and the Name of the County, Riding or Selling. &c.

Place to which they belong; and in case any Local Militia Man shall fell, pawn, or lose or wilfully damage Arms» o* any of his Arms, Cloaths, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or neglect or refuse to return when required, to do re*

so the fame in good Order to his Captain, or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Local Order!*1 Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if such Penalty.

Local Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be

convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding

Three Months, or until he shall have paid such Penalty.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Ex- Buying Local change, conceal or otherwise improperly receive any Local Militia Arms, Cloaths or Accoutrements, or any M utii Arms, such Articles befenging to any Lucal Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or may &c* have been specified as such in any Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State to that Effect, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by the Money allowed under this Act for providing Necessaries, or by Deductions out of his Pay, or any publick Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Local Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this A cl, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not P«wlty. immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Six Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Imprisonment Fine, or shall cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice 5' and it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to order him to be detained in CuflQdy until a Return shall be made to the Warrant of Distress,

CJX. And.

694 C. 38.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

When Local Militia not embodied, how Adjutants, &c. may be tried.

poj

CIX. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Quarter Matter, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Cor-

K ral, Drum Major and Drummer of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as ereinafter directed, shall be at all times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he* belongs 5 and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied or assembled for the purpose of Training and Exercise, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have deserted while the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps was embodied, and shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been disembodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

CX. And be it further enacted, That, if a sufficient Number of Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held, shall belong, to order any Officers of the Local Militia of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, to attend and amtt as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and assist accordingly, but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put in Execution, until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or until confirmed by Colonel, &c. Non commissioned Officers, &c. may he reduced Privates if not)eftored, discharged.

Court Martial may sentence to Service in Local or Regular Militia;

or to imprisonment.

Saolers to restive Prisoners When required by P: efident of Court MartiaL

Penalty,

[Proviso.]

7: Ik ft-.-

JUIUoili jfftl

Commanding Officers may grilbu Men

CXI. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Local Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private Local Militia Man, to serve as such during any time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, shall not then be embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service to serve as aforesaid, until the difera-bodying of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, after which time or at the End of the said Fifteen Months, as the case may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service: Provided always, that in case any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer fenring on permanent Pay shall have been reduced by Sentence of a Court Martial to serve as a Private Man, for any Period not exceeding Fifteen Months, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall not by such Reduction be released from his Engagement, as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, but shall at the Expiration of the Period of his Reduction be again liable to serve as such until legally discharged 5 nor shall any such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, during the Period of such Reduction, be at Liberty to enlist or enter into His Majesty's Regular Forces, Navy, Marines or Regular Militia, unless with the Consent of his Commanding Officer specified in Writing.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Court Martial assembled for the Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, to sentence any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to serve in the Local Militia, for any Period, not exceeding Four Years, over and above the Period for which he may be already enrolled; or to sentence any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to serve for any Period not exceeding Three Years, in the Regular Militia of the County 5 and such Man shall thereupon be enrolled to serve for any such Periods, and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, considered a Militia Man during such Period; and it shall also be lawful for any General or Regimental Court Martial, by whom any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may have been sentenced to Imprisonment, to adjudge any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, to be imprisoned in any House of Correction, Common Gaol or publick Prison of the County, for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons, shall if required so to do by any President of a General or Regimental Court Martial assembled for the Trial of any Serjeant, Corpora), Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, receive into their Custody, and confine for such time as they shall be respectively required so to do, any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man who may have been sentenced to Imprisonment by any such General or Regimental Court Martial; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a Prison who shall refuse to receive, and to confine, any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or ^Priyatej Man, shall forfeit for every ^uch Offence the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, that during the J(Qqptinuanceqf any Tuck; fthprif^nn1qnt, thd Gaofer Or Keeper such Gstol shall receive the full Sobfi (hence , of fucp Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer dr Private Man at the Kate of §ix pence per Day for his Maintenance,.during the time that, such Sft-iearit,; Corporal^ thmet* Or Private Man, shall continue In Custody t which

hi^ belong, and shall be charged-and allowed inbis

ri of Six pence per Day shall, dO phltlby the Quartet Maftft*of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps t a.which; &ch Sprjeant, Corporal, Drumm^ef 6r ^ivate/Man hiJ 4' " 1 «^ '^-» 3*1

any

Accounts.

a Court

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 3 8. 695

a Court Martial, it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer, by Warrant under his Hand, to commit such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, who shall receive into his Custody and confine such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man accordingly, such Gaoler receiving the full Pay of such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, for his Maintenance during the time he may continue in such Confinement: Provided always, that no such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man shall continue in Confinement, in order to his Trial by Court Martial more than Eight Days, or until a Court Martial can conveniently be assembled.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores, belonging to every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant shall direct, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place; and that the Quarter Master to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or other Commandant; and it shall be lawful for the General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County, Riding or Place, to order and direct a convenient and proper Place for the Purpose of keeping such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores to be provided or built, if no such convenient and proper Place can be found, the Hire or Cost of which Place shall be paid for by the Treasurer of such County, Riding or Place, out of the County Rates.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that such Proportion of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, together with the Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, and Staff Serjeants, of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall remain on permanent Pay, at the Head Quarters of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, as His Majesty shall order and direct.

CXV 11. Aiul be it further enacted, That in every case in which His Majesty, by His Secretary of State or otherwise, shall have ordered and directed, or shall hereafter order and direct, that the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia allowed to remain on permanent Pay, shall be reduced in any Proportion below One Half of each Rank as herein after specified respectively, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Lieutenant, in case the Lieutenant shall beabfent, and of His Majesty's Secretary of State, to agree with the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any of them, or with any other Persons willing to engage to serve as such, not with (landing the Number so willing to engage may exceed the Half of each Rank, to serve as Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers upon any reduced ray, during the Periods of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, in such manner as to the Number of Days* Pay to be allowed, or the Reduction of any Proportion of the Pay per Diem, as shall be authorized by the Secretary of State in that Behalf; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, agreeing to serve as such upon any such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace of the County, or Magistrate of the Place to the Local Militia of which he shall belong; which Oath every such Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, is hereby authorized to adrainiller; that is to say,

I A.B. do engage to serve a9 a [Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, as the case may be-\ in the Local Militia of until I shall be duly discharged, upon the Terms of receiving

during such Periods as such Local Militia shall not be embodied or assembled for Exercise/

And every such Oath shall be reduced to Writing, and signed and attested by the Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate administering the fame, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof shall, if required, be given to the said Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer so engaging to serve on such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall he compellable to serve in the Local Militia for the full Period of his Service, in the same manner as if he had received the full Pay of his Rank therein, and shall he subject to the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and it shall be lawful for any Commanding Officer of Local Militia who shall engage any Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers to serve upon such reduced Pay, to retain such Number of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as shall be allowed by His Majesty* Secretary of State in that Behalf, so as that the whole Amount of such reduced Pay shall not exceed the Amount of the full Pay of the Number allowed in any such Order of Reduction as aforesaid; any thing in any Act: or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Master, and all the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, on permanent Pay in every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia, shall constantly be resident within the City, Town or Place, where the Arms belonging to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps are kept, or within One Mile thereof, excepting when on Furlough as herein after directed, or when ordered to be absent on Military Duty, under this Act, or for the Purpose of raising or enlisting Men for the Regular Militia or His Majesty's Regular Forces, (which Absence shall in no case be for more than Three Months in any One Year, nor shall any greater Number than One Fourth Part of such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers be absent at any one Time) and such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who shall be conftautly resident within the said City, Town or Place, or within Two Miles thereof, (unless as here-in after provided), and shall act in such Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and that the Adjutant, and, in his occasional and unavoidable Absence, the Serjeant Major, or (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjeant, shall make Monthly Returns of the

vious to Court Martial.

Arms, &c. whew

l.ocat Militia not embodied t& be kept in Place appointed by Commandant with Appioba-tion of County Lieutenant, to be under Care of Quarter Mailer.

His Majesty may order a Proportion of Serjeants, &c. ro remain on permanent Pay. Commandant of Corps may agree with Non Commi (Honed Officer*, &c. to serve on reduced Pay, who shall take the following

Oath*

Notl Commit (ion Officers to reffde within a certain Distance of Place where Arms are kept, and be under Command of Adjutant; and Monthly Return* of their State made to Seereta 1 y of Sure, See.

696 C.^8.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Serjeants, &c. if absent without Leave.

[Penalty.]

Adjutant absent without Leave, or for more than Three Months in the Year, except in SLkness; and when absent, the Srrjeantsj &c. to be under Command of Quarter Matter, cc.

Serjeants, kc. may be ordered to raise Volunteers for Regular Forces or Militia.

Method of proceeding when Information is received of Residence of Ix>cal Militia Man who shall not join at annual Exercise, or shall desert during it, and not be apprehended.

iVTethod of proceeding where Persons are found suspect-od to he Non Commissioned ^Officers or Drummers who have delated.

Caoless to receive the Sub-fiitence of Defer-

the true State mi the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps Severally, to His Majesty's Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the County, and to the Colonel or other Commandant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in Default of which, on each such Neglect, such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall be subject to such Punishment as a Court Martial shall adjuge; and that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, ' shall be absent from such City, Town or Place, without a Regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, signed by his Colonel or other Commandant; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who shall absent himself without such Furlough or Licence, shall forfeit all Pay during the time of such Absence, and be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter 5 and such Adjutant shall never absent himself from such City, Town or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, nor for more than Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cases of Sickness: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Adjutant shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Quarter Master or Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the said Colonel or other Commandant, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant or of the Senior Serjeant, when the Corps has not any Adjutant or Serjeant Major,

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty at any time to order and direct that the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as aforesaid, should be employed within their respective Counties under the Command of the Adjutant in raising Volunteers for His Majesty's Regular Forces or for the Militia: Provided always, that no such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, who shall have consented to receive any reduced Rate of Pay during the Period of the Regiment to which he belongs not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, shall be compellable to be employed on such Service in any other Town or Place than that in which the Arms belonging to such Regiment are kept, without his Consent specified in Writing.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Local Militia Man shall not join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, Detachment or Division to which he belongs, at the time of annual Exercise, or shall desert during the time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the time appointed for such Exercise, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment or Division to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division, at the Time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the time of annual Exercise (as the case may be), and fend the fame by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Corps, of the County, Riding or Place wherein such Offender is supposed to be or reside 5 and the Adjutant, Serjeant Major, or Senior Serjeant, to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall forthwith direct a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, to assist in apprehending such Offender, and in conveying him before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia of the next County, Riding or Place in the Way to the County, Riding or Place, to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid. who shall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the next County, Riding or Place, and so in like manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, of the Corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as this Act directs in cases of Local Militia Men deserting or absenting themselves from their Duty when not embodied or called out into actual Service; and from the time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be subsisted at the Rate of Six pence per Day from the Stock of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, for which Subsidence such Justice is hereby required to make such Order upon the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place; and if any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, retained upon permanent Pay, shall desert from the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Headborough, Constable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably futpefted to be such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such ful-pefted Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowlege of such Justice, ft shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where lie shall be found, or the House of Correction or other publick Prison in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Deserter belongs; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, wall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter at the Rate above specified for his

Maintenance

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 38. 697

Maintenance, during the time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward ters while con* on account of his imprisonment 5 and such Clerk of the General Meetings, receiving such Account, shall £ned»but D immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Fee>

Corps of his County, Riding or Place; and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants,

Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps retained on permanent Pay at the Head Quarters; and where there are more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps in any County, Riding or Place, such Clerk shall fend such Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants or Commanding Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps, and also to each of the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, retained on permanent Pay at their respective Head Quarters, within his County, Riding or Place; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment. Battalion or Corps, shall and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to fenu any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall also fend by such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding such Party of Serjeants,

Coroorals or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand, to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby re< quired to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case One only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Riding or Place where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under his Command, to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant, or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which hfe belongs, in the same manner as before directed with respetl to the conveying ot private Local Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjutant, or Serjeant Major or Scr-

{eant, shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which he >elongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol, House of Correction or other publick Prison of such County, Riding or Place, where he shall remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until a Court Martial can and shall be summoned, and held for the Trial of such Deserter, according to the Provisiong of this Act» when he shall be delivered to the Person or Persons named in any Order to be issued for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal of the Officer by whose Authority such Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the Delivery of such Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do Gaolers tore* by any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, employed in conveying any such Local Militia Man or Serjeant, ccive ami cwifint Cotporal or Drummer so offending to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs) receive into Deserter*. their Custody, and confine such Offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, Penaliy* not exceeding Forty eight Hours; and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do*

shall forfeit the Sum ot Forty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, while they are em- Serjeants,c. ployed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local conveying De-Militia while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal ferters, or on Authority, shall be billetted in like manner, as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to His Majesty's 10

other Forces, employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters, are to be billetted. bc bl clted'

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Deserter shall be Persons appre* brought, shall and may upon Proof of the Conviction of any such Deserter either before a Justice of the Peace, hending Defer* or by Sentence of a Court Martial, issue his Warrant to the Quarter Matter of the Regiment, Battalion or ter* to be paid Corps to which such Deserter shall belong, or to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Quarter Matter of such Commanding Officer to pay out of the Contingent Fund ofluch Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Sum whem convicted! of Twenty Shillings to the rerson who shall have apprehended such Deserter; and such Quarter Matter or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly on Demand.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual Invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast of any Part of the United Kingdom, and in all cases of Rebellion and Insurrection, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to draw out and embody such Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, and to direct all _______ ,

or any of such Local Militia Men to be marched to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention and repelling oflnvaiion,c. of any such Invasion, or for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection, and to keep and continue such and d5ie&hem Local Militia so embodied for any Period His Majesty may deem requisite, not exceeding Six Weeks after the to b<? mar£bed Enemy shall have been prevented or repelled or driven from the Coast, or after such Rebellion or Insurrection 0

shall have been suppressed; and from the time of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia being called out while so cm-and embodied as aforesaid, until the same shall be returned again to its own County, Riding or Place, and bodied, shall be disembodied by His Majesty's Order, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men (hbjea to Mu* of every such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be subject to all the Provisiong contained ip any Act of j rw, r Parliament which shall be then in force for puniftuug Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of rt, c 0*

the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof 5 and all the Provisiong contained in every such Act, and Articles of War, shall be in force with respect to the Local Militia, and 5a Geo. III. 4X shall-

Concealing, £c«

Deserters.

[Penalty.]

His Majesty may order Local Militia to be embodied in cases

698

Loc4 MilkU rot to l>« ordered out of G. B.

Prrdam.ttion for Meeting of Parliament.

When Local Mditia ordered to be drawn our, County Lieutenants to issue Orders.

Notice to attend.

Local Militia Officers not to lit on Trials of other Forces nor comraliwife.

I.oral Militia Men not marching in pursuance of Order.

Concealing.

[Penalty.]

Local Militia when ordered to be drawn out, entitled to Pay as Regular Militia; am! entitled to Chcltea Hospit al.

Pay of Office; s end Men who shall not join on Day appointed, unrcls prevented by Necessity, thall commence only from Day of joining.

Pay of Men inrolled after Local Militia embodied, when to commence. Allowance at Time of Enrol, ment to enable them to march. Paid by Clerk of Subdivision, who shall be repaid by Receiver General of LaadTax.

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 181J.

(Hall extend to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the Local Militia, while embodied as aforesaid, in all cases whatsoever.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole nor any Part of the Lecaf Militia directed by this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall cause the Local Militia to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be (Vparated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and ad in like manner, to all intents and Purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Riding or Place) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order from His Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole of the Local Militia of such County, Riding or Place, shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his or their Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the fevrral Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisiens within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, with Directions to forward the fame immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headborough or other Officers of thcseveral Parishes, Tythings and Places within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and Divisior.s; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Keadborough6 or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Local Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the Local Militia shall fit in any Court Martial upon the 'Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces, or in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Officer, serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces, fit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall be construed to prevent any Officer of the Regular Militia from fitting in a Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Local Militia, ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man), shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Local Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended tfnd punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Ad which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, ai d of the Articles of War, made in pursuance of the fame; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Local Militia Man, when ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Local Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from the Date of His Majesty's Order in Council or Proclamation as aforesaid, for drawing out the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, into actual Service^ the Officers and Men of the Local Militia of such County, Riding or Place, shall be entitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's Regular Militia, and no other; and if any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Local Militia shall be maimed or wounded in such actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer and private Man, who shall not join his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, on the Day appointed for that Purpose, shall commence only from the Day of his joining such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, unless such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man, shall have been prevented from joining on the Day appointed as aforesaid by Sickness or any other inevitable Necessity, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps 5 in which case such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or private Man may, by Order of his Commanding Officer, be accounted with for his Pay from the Date of His Majesty's Order in Council or Proclamation as aforesaid. r 'CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, after such Local Militia shall have been embodied and called out into adua! Service, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which lie shall belong, and not before: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace by whom any such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order and direct an Allowance to be made to such Person, for the Purpose of enabling him to proceed to and join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay of so many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where he was enrolled to the Place where the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps may be stationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than Ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of halting Days 5 and the said Allowance of Pay shall be advanced to such Person at the Time of his Enrolment by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices aforesaid, or One of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, on the Production of a Certificate to that Effect, signed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, or One of them; and the said Receiver General shall be allowed for the fame in his Accounts accordingly.

S CXXXII. And

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38.

CXXXII. And be it further fna&ed, That when the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for such County, Riding or Place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Local Militia so ordered out, the Sum of One Guinea for the Use of every private Local Militia Man belonging to his Company; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid, the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit as early as may be after such Reciuit shall have joined his Company, while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by the said Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out by him, agreeably to the Orders which lie may receive from the Colonel or other Commandant, in the manner such Colonel or other Commandant shall think most advantageous for the respective Local Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such One Guinea as aforesaid, account to such Local Militia Man how the said Sum of One Guinea bath been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the time of settling such Account, pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Local Militia Man.

CXXXITl. And be it further enacted, That, whenever any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be embodied, and absent from the County, Riding or Place to which it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall apply to every Man whose time shall be within Four Months of expiring, and who in his Judgement, and after an Examination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall still be fit to serve as a Local Militia Man, and inquire if he is willing to continue in the Service for such Term as any Man who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price or Sum, not in any case exceeding Two Guineas, he will so continue; and such Commanding Officer shall, on the First Day of the Months of January, March> May, July, September and November respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia belongs, a Lid of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia as he shall find willing to continue in the Service, on such Terms as aforesaid, and which Lift shall be ligned by every such Local Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the Form in the Schedule marked (F.); and that the signing of the said Lift shall be binding upon the Persons signing the fame, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of Annual Training and Exercise, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall apply to every Man serving in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whose time will expire in the Course of the ensuing Year, who may be of the Height specified in this Act, and between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, and who in his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, shall be fit to serve as a Local Militia Man, and who shall not have more than Two Children under Fourteen Years, and esquire if he is willing to continue his Service for such Term, as any Man -who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price or Sum, not in any case exceeding Two Guineas, he will so continue, and such Commanding Officer shall as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place, to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, a List of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; which Lift shall be signed by every such Local Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the Form in the Schedule marked (F.); and the signing of such Lift shall be binding 011 the Persons signing the fame, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the General Meetings of every County, Riding or Place aforesaid, shall as soon after the Receipt of such Notices as the fame can be done, transmit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants acting in such Sub-divisions, correct Extracts of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which the Clerk, to whom any such Extract is feut, shall belong; and thereupon in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, if they shall think fit, to cause the Men willing to continue to serve as aforesaid, to be enrolled as Volunteers for the particular and respective Parishes or Places for which they shall have been originally enrolled to serve, and in every such case to direct and require the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, to pay such Bounty or Bounties to De given to such Men so engaged, immediately upon their Enrolment; and in case such Regiment, Battalion or Corps should then be embodied, then to cause Rich Men to be enrolled as Volunteers in such manner as aforesaid, and to order and direct the Churchwardens or Overseers as aforesaid to remit such Bounty or Bounties to be given to such Men to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which such Men shall be then serving* who shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively for the same.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have been enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, and whose Term of Service shall be prolonged in the manner herein directed beyond the Term of Four Years, shall be entitled to the fame Allowance for NecessarieS, and all other Allowances w'hich are by this Act directed to be allowed during the First Year of their Service to Persons enrolled in the Local Militir, and shall in like manner be entitled to such Allowances, so often as the Term of Seivke of any Person so enrolled to serve in the Local Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid*

4X2 CXXXVII. And

6.99

When Local Militia ordered out, Receiver General of Taxes shall pay to C.pfain of every Company One Guinea for the Use of each Man, and also for each Recruit as early as may be after he has joined, to be laid out for his Advantage.

Captains to account with Men for fame.

Wien Regiment is out of its County, a List of Men whose time shall be within Four Months of expiring and who shall be willing to continue in Service, and foe what Price, shall atcertain Periods be transmitted by Commanding Officer to Clerk of General Meetings. Signing Lift binding.

When Regiment of Local Militia is assembled for Training, Commanding Officer shall make out Lift of Men who are willing to continue Services.

Clerk of General Meetings shall transmit to Clerk of Subdivisioisa Extracts of Returns.and Deputy Lieutenants may cause Men willing to continue to be enrolled as Volunteers, and require Parish Officers to remit Bounties to Paymaster.

Allowance t# Men whose Terra of Service is prolonged.

700'e.38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

If any Man en-> oiled dull not join, or if any of them, or any Serjeant , &c. shall desertor absent himfetf, Proceedings.

If His Majesty shall order Local Militia, or Proportion thereof, to b* embodied. County lietile-want, &£. shall issue l it Order to Cierjts of Sub-divHionsto moke out Lists of Performs enrolled. Duplicate Copy made fcr Deputy Lieutenants, and another trnnfmr-ted to Cle»k of ftaieral Meeting*;

ali'o issue Orders for assembling Men within their resprctive Subdivisions, and In Rich Proportions as shall appear most expedient; and Constables shall nufe a written Notice to be given Men to attend, and Notices of Time and Place advertised and affixed upon Church Doors.

CXXXVIt. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled in the said Local Militia, (not labouring under any Infirmity, incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man) shall not with due Diligence join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia of the County, Riding or Place, for which he shall he so sworn and enrolled, (in case such Regiment, Battalion or Company shall then be embodied) according to such Order, as shall be given him in that respect by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, or by any Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or by any other Person authorised to give such Order; or if any Person serving in any embodied Local Militia, or any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall desert or abseni himself from his Duty; every such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Local Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished, accordingto the Provisions of any Act which shall he then in forca for the punishing Mutiny and Desertioi:; and fur the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the fame, and may by a General Court Martial be adjudged to further Service in the Local or Regular Militia for some Period to be limited, or to Service in His Majesty's other Forces, without Limitation as to the Period or Place of such Service according as the Court Martial before whom he shall be tried, shall think fit to direct; and in case the said Court shall adjudge such Local Militia Man to serve in His Majesty's other Forces, and such Sentence shall be approved by His Majesty, it shall be lawful by Order under the Hand of the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to cause such Man, if found fit for General Service, on Examination by a Surgeon of His Majesty's other Forces, to be entered as a private Soldier, to serve in such Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's other Forces as shall be directed in such Order, and to be forthwith conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so entered, or to such other Place as shall be directed in such Order; and shall, from the time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the like Penalties and Punishments contained in any Act then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as if he had been originally inlisted for general Service, or for the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

CXXXVIII. And whereas it may be expedient that only such a Proportion of the Local Militia, and in such of the Counties, Ridings and Places as shall be specified in any Order of His Majesty, should be drawn out and embodied in the First In (lance, and that the Appointment of the private Men necessary to constitute such Proportion, should be made or decided by Ballot or otherwise as is herein after mentioned in each Sub* division or District, without assembling them previously out of the Subdivision or District to which they belong; Be it therefore enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding or Place, or (in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant from his County, Riding or Place) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order of His Majesty for the Purpose of embodying the said Local Militia, or such Part or Proportion thereof as His Majesty shall have judged necessary' and ordered to be embodied, shall have been directed, shall, as soon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently may be, issue his or their Order to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Riding or Place, to prepare and make out a full and true LIII, containing the Names of all Persons enrolled to serve in the said Local Militia by virtue of this Act, within each Subdivision respectively, and arranged according to their Classes as hereinbefore mentioned, before a Day to be specified in the said Order of the Lieutenant or Ifeputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and which Day shall not be later than Three Days after the Date of such Order; and the said Clerks shall, within the time fixed by such Order, prepare and make out such Lifts accordingly, and also Two Duplicates thereof, One of which Duplicates shall be for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have issued such Order as aforesaid.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid to whom His Majesty's Order shall be directed, shall at the time of issuing his or their Order hereinbefore mentioned, direct the Clerk of the General Meetings to advertise the Time and Place of assembling the Local Militia in the County Paper, or if any County shall have no Paper, then in the Paper of some adjoining County, and shall also issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the said Local Militia within their respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Plates within their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, and in such Proportions as to the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall appear most expedient, on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order, to the Chief Constable or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within such County, Riding or Place, with Directions immediately to issue Precepts conformable thereto to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings and Places within the said Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and Divisions respectively; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers, are hereby required upon Receipt thereof forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given tq the several Men of the said Local Militia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, to attend within their respective Subdivisions or Districts, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order, and shall also cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice so advertised or affixed as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices m manner herein directed; and all such Local Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

i CXL. And

A.D. 181z. 520 GEORGII III. C. 3S.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Local Militia not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man, shall not appear in pursuance of such Order, or, appearing, shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken previously to the Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Person liable to be embodied within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to serve according to the Directions herein contained, over and above the Number to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid of every County, Riding or Place, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint the First Meeting to be holden by the Several Deputy Lieutenants of the same County, Riding or Place within their respective Subdivisions, or at such other Place or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on the Day mentioned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the said Local Militia, in order to their being chosen or bailotted to serve according to the Directions of this Act, and shall also appoint the Time and Place of assembling such of the said Men as shall be so chosen or bailotted within their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, in order to their being embodied; of which several Appointments the respective Deputy Lieutenants shall have Notice; and all the Men enrolled on the Lift of every such Subdivision or District, and appearing in pursuance of such Order on the Day so to be appointed, shall be then mustereefby the said Deputy Lieutenants, and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall at such Meeting proceed in the manner by this Act directed, to cause a Number of the Men so .appearing to be chosen or bailotted for, according to the Directions of this Act, equal to such Proportion of the complete Number that had been or ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, on the Lift of such Subdivision or District, as shall or may be specified in His Majesty's Order for drawing out and embodying any Part or Proportion of the Local Militia as aforesaid, and to cause the Names of all the Person9 chosen and bailotted to be marked on the Lift of such Subdivision or District; and when the Choice and Ballot shall be concluded, the said Deputy Lieutenant shall cause the Lift of such Subdivision or District to be publickly called; and as the Name of each Person contained therein shall be read, shall then and there declare whether such Person is or is not (as the case may be) chosen or btdlotted out of such Lift in the manner hereinbefore provided; and the Names of all the Persons so chosen and bailotted, shall be returned to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place for which such Persons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have given such Order as aforesaid; and the Persons so chosen and bailotted shall be embodied to serve according to the true Intent of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall openly declare to the Men, who have been so chosen or bailotted, the Time and Place of their assembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such Persons or Person who shall have been declared to be so chosen or bailotted, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at the Time and Place so to be appointed and declared, in order to their or his being embodied accordingly 5 and all and every such Persons or Person as shall be so declared not to have been so chosen or bailotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further Attendance in pursuance of such Order as aforesaid.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, in their several Subdivision Meetings, and before they proceed to choose or ballot, as hereinbefore directed, to revise and correct the Names of the Men contained in such Class or Classes, according to the several Changes or Alterations that may have taken place lince the last Revisal or Correction thereof.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proportion only of the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions shall, before they proceed to choose or ballot for the private Men who are to form such Part or Proportion, examine the Classes of the Descriptions hereinbefore mentioned, entered according to the Provisions of this Act, and in every Case in which the Part or Proportion of the Militia required to be called out in such Subdivision shall equal the Number of Men contained in such First, or First and Second, or other succeeding Classes in their Order, then and in such Case the Men contained in such Class or Clafle3, as the Case may be, shall be forthwith chosen without any Ballot; and when the Proportion of Men so required as aforesaid, shall be less than the Number of Men contained in such First Class, then such Proportion shall be bailotted for out of such Class only, and no other; and when the Proportion so required as aforesaid, shall exceed the Number of Men contained in the First, or First and any succeeding Class or Classes in the Order in which they shall so Hand as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants shall first choose all the Men in such First Class, or First and next succeeding Class or ClaflTes, until such Proportion shall be as near as may be completed, and shall then proceed to ballot in manner directed by this Act for the Remainder of the Proportion so required as aforesaid, out of the Class immediately following the last Class that shall have been wholly taken towards making up such Proportion as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed in like manner for supplying of any further Part or Proportion of Local Militia, in case any further Part should be afterwards ordered by His Majesty to be embodied, and shall, during the whole of the time that a Part or Proportion only of the Local Militia shall remain embodied, supply all Vacancies, as they shall arise, in such Part or Proportion, out of the CiaflVs as they (land in Succession, and shall in no Case proceed to ballot for the supplying of any Vacancy out of any Class, until all the Men contained ift the preceding Class or Classes, who shall be able and fit to join such Local Militia, shall have been chosen for that Purpose.

Order, such CUfles shall be first chosen, and Remainder bailotted for out of next CLfs to the last

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion of the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and embodied in pursuance of this Act, in case any of the Persons enrolled in any Subdivision of such County, Riding or Place, the Local Militia whereof shall be so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall make Default either by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or Absence from Duty,

and

yoi

Men not appear. ing, or not abiding the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants. Penalty.

County Lieutenant, &c. to appoint First Subdivision Meeting fur b&llouing, and Time and Place for assembling Men chosen, of which Deputy Lieutenant shall give Notice, and shall cause a Proportion of Men to be bailotted for, and their Names.marked on Lift which is to he collect overhand Names of Persons chosen rc -turned to County Lieutenant, &c. and Time and Place of being embodied declared, and Men not chosen dif-chars ed from further Attend* anca.

Deputy Liento" nahts may correct Clatfeft.

When His Majesty shall order only Part of any Militia to be embodied. Deputy Lieutenants shall examine Classes, and if Number required Hi all equal First, or First and Second, or succeeding, Chtfles in theilr Order, the Men containedtherein shall be chosen without Ballot; but if less than the First Class, the Number shall be bailotted for thereout, and if more than that and any succeeding Class in wholly taken, &c. W any Person enrolled in any Subdivision of a County, Local Militia whereof fl ail be ordered to be embodied,

702

shall desert or be absent, and shall not he taken within Three Month?, Vacancy filled up by fresh Ballot. Any Person enrolled and not chosen, not hiving a Child under 14, may be accepted as a Volunteer.

Men attending at Ballot and Hot being chosen, Allowance, &c.

Clerks may draw upon Receiver* General, by Order of Deputy Lieutenants, &c. for Money to pay Allowances.

Clerks when required, to make out Account of Montes received and paid, to be examined and allowed.

His Majesty may rder Remainder eC Local Militia to be embodied. County Lieutenant, &c. to pursue Role* prescribed for embodying i'irft Proportion.

While «ny Part of Local Militia shall continue embodied, His Majesty may rder any, not embodied, to be drawn out to be muttered, &c.

When the whole Local Militia of County, &c. is erdered to be embodied, all 'Officers, fee. fiall join; and when Part, such Proportion of them as His Majesty shall diredL

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

and stich Person shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the time of such Default, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their First Meeting to be holden for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Default was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Default, Desertion or Absence, under the Hands of the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Person belonged, and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh Ballot within the Subdivision aforesaid.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, and not chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, who shall not have any Child or Children living under the Age of Fourteen Years, shall offer himself as a Volunteer, to be drawn out and embodied in the Room of any Person so chosen or ballotted, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting, to accept such Volunteer in the Room of such Person so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, and such Person so accepted shall serve as if he had himself been so chosen or ballotted in manner aforesaid.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Local Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken as hereinbefore directed, and who shall not be chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of One Shilling per Diem, during the time he shall be necessarily employed from Home, in going to, and continuing at, and returning from the Place to be appointed for such Ballot, not to exceed Three Days, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Number of Men so paid, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall there attend, then of any One such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, the Receiver General of such County, Riding or Place, shall re-imburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any Monies in his Hands of any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as One Justice of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances hereinbefore directed to be made; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and be allowed in his Account.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required by such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by One Justice of the Peace, make out an Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and paid, in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed and figued; and the Account so examined, allowed and signed, shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to debar His Majesty from ordering the Remainder of the said Local Militia, or so many of the Remainder of the said Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, as His Majesty shall in his Wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied whenever the Occasion shall require, according to the Provisions prescribed by this Act.

CL. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any further Proportion of the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Place, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to cause such further Proportion to be drawn out and embodied as His Majesty shall order; and in so doing such Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and also all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions hereinbefore prescribed for drawing out and embodying the First Proportion thereof.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That, if during such time as any Part of the Local Militia which shall have been drawn out and embodied for Service, shall continue embodied, His Majesty shall deem it expedient that the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, or any Part thereof, which shall not at such time be actually embodied for Service, should be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained and exercised, for a limited time, instead of being so embodied for Service, according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any of the said Counties, Ridings or Places, to cause the said Local Militia not actually embodied, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out, in order to be mustered, trained and exercised, in such Proportion, and for such time, and at such Place or Places, as shall be appointed, with the Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, in manner as is hereinbefore directed for training and exercising the disembodied Local Militia and the same shall be mustered, trained and exercised accordingly.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Whole of the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, is ordered to be embodied, all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of fudi County, Riding or Place, shall immediately join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they respectively belong, at the Time and Place appointed for the embodying such Local Militia; and whenever the Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, is called out and embodied by Detachments or Divisions, under any Order of His Majesty for that Purpolie, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct the Proportion and Description of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers, who shall accompany such Detachments or Divisions of Men, and the respective Establishments of such Detachments or Divisions, and also to regulate

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38. 703

the Numbers and Duties of all such Officers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, as shall remain within any such County, Riding or Place, for the mustering, training and exercising of the Remainder of the private Local Militia Men thereof, as the Service may require, and to His Majesty may seem moil fit and convenient.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, as He shall Majesty think fit, to disembody any Part or Proportion of any Local Militia of any County, Riding or Place, embodied LocdMilitk^under this Act, and from time to time again to draw out and embody any such Local Militia so disembodied and as aforesaid, or any Proportion thereof, as to His Majesty shall seem necessary, according to the Rules and them. Provisions of this Act.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia, or any Part thereof, having been so Local Militia drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Men thereof disem-dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers 10

and private Men, shall be subject to the same Orders, Directions and Engagements only, as they were subject 0, 7y as before to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid. being dravrn out.

CLV. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all cases of actual Invasion, or of imminent Danger thereof, and in case of Rebellion, His Majesty Should be empowered to encrease, without Delay, the Number of Local Militia Forces, for the more effectual Protection and Defence of this Realm; Be it therefore enacted, In cafeof Inv*-That it shall be lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament His Ma'cftlllon, shall be then fitting, or declared in Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting may> by Pro-or in being), to order and direct, by H»s Royal Proclamation, that in Addition to the Number of Men re- clamation, inquired by or under the foregoing Provisions of this Act, to be raised by the several Counties, Ridings and crease Local Places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith raised and enrolled in the said several Counties, Ridings and Mditia, not Places, any Number of Men as will, in Addition to and together with and including the effective Yeomanry ^mTfthe* and Volunteers serving in such County or such Division, or Part of such County, together with the Local Qllot* of Regu-Militia raised for such County under the Provisions of this Act, make the whole Force of such County equal lar Militia, and to Six Times the original Quota of such County, under an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His County Lieute. present Majesty: Provided always, that such effective Yeomanry and Volunteers shall be exclusive of Super- a?.d Depu* numeraries serving without Pay above the Establishment of such Corps who shall have been enrolled after the ji* dumber*" First Day of April One thous md eight hundred and eight; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants anc[ proceed to respectively of the said Counties, Ridings and Places shall, immediately on the issuing of any such Proclama- raiseand enrol tion, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men required to be raised in their respective Men, at fu« h Counties, Ridings and Places, among the several Hundreds, R^es, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, me.s and also among the several Parishes, Tythings or Places therein respectively; and shall thereafter proceed to r0-

raise and enrol such Men, at such time or times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation 5 g. 3.C. 90. and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses,

Matters and Things in this Act contained, relative to the Local Militia, shall be applied, practised, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, training and exercising, and for the embodying and calling out into actual Service, such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a manner in every respect, as far as the fame can be applied and put in force, as if the said Number of Men so added to the Local Militia had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall cause such additional Number of When such addi-Local Militia as aforesaid to be raised and enrolled, or drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament tiond Number shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Day^, His* of Militia Majesty may and ftu'l issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the shall

Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and con- jjTuca Proclama-tinue to fit and aft in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the tion for Meeting fame Day. of Parliament.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time (whenever His Majesty, by he shall deem it expedient to reduce the Whole or any Part of such additional Number of Local Militia as Proclamation, aforesaid, by his Royal Proclamation to declare such Reduction accordingly; and in case such additional may reduce and Number bf Local Militia as aforesaid or any Part thereof, shall be then embodied) to disembody the fame, ajj or any Number of private Local Militia Men equal thereto, without regard to whether such Men were raised ber of Local ML and enrolled in punuance of any Proclamation for raising such additional Number of Local Militia as afore- iiti.i; and Privates said, or were enrolled before, and were serving at the time of the issuing thereof; and the private Militia so disembodied Men so disembodied as aforesaid. or so many of them as may have been enrolled and not emboditd at the time or those enrolled* of issuing such Proclamation, (h ill nevertheless remain liable to serve for the respective Periods for which they^"fh aUrlT*" shall have been respectively enrolled to serve, and shall, during such Periods, supply all the Vacancies that may mail* arise in the respective Parishes or Places, or United Parishes or Places, for which they shall have been so inrulled, r3rve for Periods whenever called upon so to do; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall, from time for which en-to time, cause any Man or Men, as the case maybe, that may be required for supplying any Vacancy or rolled, and shall Vacancies in the established Local Militia that may arise for any Parish or Place, or United Parishes or Places, J

in their respective Subdivisions, to be taken from their respective Classes as aforesaid, or ballotted as the case (hanTak/pUce may require, according to the Provisions in this Act contained, relating to the taking Men for the Local whilefuchVa-Militia from Classes, until all the Men so remaining liable, and that shall be fit to serve, shall have supplied cancicscan be such Vacancies: Provided always, that no Ballot shall take place for the raising and enrolling any Man to Applied from supply any Vacancy that may arise from any Parish or Place, so long as the fame can be suppbed from any

Men,

7°4

liable to supply Vacancies for any other Place than that for which originally enrolled.

The Powers given with respect to Nor-thumberlnnd to extend to Berwick upon Tweed; and if Persons can be found there with requisito (Qualifications, Chief Magistrate shall appoint proportionate. Number of Officers to Men, and they shall join.Local Militia of Northumberland.

Governor of Isle of Wight to appoint Officers, &c. of that Local JVlibtia, which shall he raised as and deemed Salt of Local Militia of County i f Southampton.

Certain Places deemed Parts of Counties, fuh-to Authority, &c. of Lieutenants of those Counties.

Cinque Ports, Ice.

Warden of Cinque Porta, &c. shall put A£i iu Execution.

Warden, &c. to appoint Number of Men for each of Ports, See.

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Men, or by any Man, then enrolled for such Parish or Place that shall remain liable and be fit to serve 2 Provided also, that no Man so remaining liable to serve as aforesaid for any Parish or Place shall be called upon or be liable to supply any Vacancy arising for any other Parish or Place, than that for which he shall be originally enrolled to serve under the Provisions of this Act.

CLVILI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given and Provisions made by this Act, with nefpeft to the County of Northumberland and the Local Militia thereof, shall extend to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed and the Liberties thereof (except only in such Cases where by this Act it is otherwise expressly provided for); and that out of the Persons returned in the Lifts for the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed* a Number of private Local Militia Men shall be chosen by Ballot to serve for the said Town, in the same Proportion with the private Local Militia Men appointed to serve for the other Hundreds, Wards and other Divisiona within the said County of Northumberland; and if Persons can be found within the said Town and Liberties thereof with such Qualifications as are required for Officers, the Chief Magistrate of the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint such Number of Officers of the Local Militia as shall be proportional to the Number of Local Militia Men which the said Town shall raise as their Quota towards the Local Militia of the County of Northumberland; and the Lieutenant of the said County, and Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers and Persons atting in the Execution of this Act, for raising and training the Local Militia within the said County, are hereby authorized and required to put this Act into Execution within the said Town and the Liberties thereof, but subject nevertheless to such Penalties as are instifted upon Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers of the Local Militia for acting not being duly qualified; and that the Local Militia Mefi to be chosen for the said Town shall join the Local Militia of the County of Northumberland, and be exercised together, and shall then, and also in time of actual Service, be deemed rart of the Local Militia of the County of Northumberland

CLIX. And whereas the ordering the Militia of the Isle of Wight has always been in the Governor or < Lieutenant Governor of the said Ifiaud; Be it therefore enacted, That after the Number of Persons which the said Island is to furniffi to the Local Militia of the County of Southampton shall have been appointed, at by this Act is directed, by His Majesty's Lieutenant and the Deputy Lieutenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the said County at large, the Governor of the said Island shall appoint the Officers of the Local Militia to be raised in the said Island, which Officers of the Local Militia shall be qualified in the same manner, and are hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act, in the same manner and under the fame Directions, Provisions and Penalties, as Officers of the Local Militia in the several Counties are by this Act subject to; and the Local Militia of the said Island shall be raised in the same manner as the Local Militia of the County of Southampton, and shall be deemed a Part of the Local Militia of the said County.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That, for the several Purposes of this Act, the Constablery of Craike % which isaParcelof the County of Durham, surroundedby Part of the North Riding of the County of York, shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the said North Riding; and that Part of the Parish of Maker, which lies in the County of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Cornwall; and that the Town and Parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Berks; and that the Hamlet of Colejhdl shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of

Bucks; and that the Hamlet of Saint Thomas's Chaple shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Berks; and that the Township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the East

Riding of the County of York; and that Threapwood shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the

Parish of Worthenbury, in the County of Flint; and that the Parish of Saint Martin, called Stamford Barom % in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamford, on the South Side of the Waters called Welland, shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Lincoln.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Towns and Places hereinbefore mentioned, and deemed to be situate within and Part of the several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers of the respective Counties, Ridings and Places, within which, such Towns and Places are hereby deemed to be situate; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That the Number of private Men to be ballotted and enrolled for the Local Militia under this Act, within the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, shall not exceed One thousand Men.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Porta, Two ancient Towns and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall with/h their respective Jurisdictions put into Execution this Act, and use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities contained in this Act, for the Purpose of carrying the fame into Execution, and raising the Men to be provided and raised within their respective Jurisdictions under this Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, and hereby made applicable to the raising the said Local Militia* or in this Act, shall be in full Force for the Purpose of raising the Local Militia within the Cinque Ports; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXIV. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the said Warden, and the said Mayors, Jurats, Magistrates or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting to be holden as soon as may be after any Ballot shall have been directed for the raising of any Local Militia within the Cinque Ports, and Lifts shall have been returned for that Purpose, to appoint the Number of Men to be raised in pursuance of this Act for each of the said Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members thereof respectively; and the Number of Men so apportioned shall be raised, balloted for and sworn in, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

A.D. 1812. 52c, GEORGII III. C. 38. 705

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That the Mayors, Jurats or other Magistrafes for the Time being, of each of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Liberties, and the several Members thereof, shall and may act as Deputy Lieutenants for the Purposes of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the Warden of the said Cinque Porta, Two ancient Towns and their Members, to appoint any other Persons qualified in the manner directed by an Act made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign* intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, to act in like manner as Deputy Lieutenants within the same: Provided always, that the said Warden may, with the Concurrence of any Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants, authorize the said Mayors, Jurats and Magistrates or Deputy Lieutenants, within such Ports, Towns, Liberties and Members, to issue their Orders to the respective Con (tables within the same, to return within a limited time Lists of all Persons liable to serve in the Local

Mayor, Sec. of Cinque Fort 1, Sec. may act; s Deputy Lieut*' nants, anU War. den may appoint o'-her qualified Persons to ait, &c.

4 % G. r C. 93.

Militia for such Port, Town, Liberty and Member respectively, in the manner required by this Act, and by the said Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any A A relating to the Militia of England, and may appoint such times as may appear to him to be necessary and proper for the Returns and Notices to be made and given, conformably to the Directiona of the said recited Act and this Act and for the bolding other Meetings, and doing all Acts, Matters and Things, which may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution within the Cinque Ports.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct a Local ADoeal MilHa Militia to be ballotted and enrolled from among the Tinners or Miners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, and*

not exceeding Eight hundred and twenty five private Men. Devoir?*

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of tire Stannaries in Great Britain shall respect Warden of Statu tively, in Obedience to His Majesty's Orders to be issued for that Purpose, which His Majesty is hereby nan?*, by Order empowered to issue, procure all Matters to be done touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and of Hlg Cornwall, according to the Customs of the Stannaries and Privileges of the Working Tinners, as are hereby MauersTo b« or by any Act or Acts relating to the Tinners or Miners of CornwalU or to the Militia, required to be done dmVr^chiui by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaid, touching other Persons residing in the said Counties thsTiuneis, of Devon and Cornwall not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges and such Warden, Special Deputy Warden, and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties have for so doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, 42 G. 3. c. yt. Matters and Things contained in an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, to eitend to An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty % intituled,

An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom, during the prefnt War / and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain, relative to raising and regulating a Body of Miners within the Stannaries, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall shall in all cases in which other Provisions are not made by this Act, be applied, prac* tifed, and put in force, in all respects, for raising the Local Militia Men to be raised out of the Tinners and Miners within the said Stannaries under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Act and this Act were consolidated into one Act.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct a per- Number of manent Local Militia to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act in the Tower Hamlets and Liberties of 1 ocal Militia in the Tower, not exceeding Four thousand fotfr hundred and eighty private Men, and such Local Militia shall Tower Hamlet*, be ballotted and enrolled at such Period as His Majesty shall by any such Warrant as aforesaid, direct and pQ*erg °* all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters and Things, contained in Two Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts relative extend to tl* to raising the Militia of the Tower Hamlets and Liberty of the Tower, together with all Clauses, Powers, Act. Provisions and Authorities contained in an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, 43 G. 3 c. fa* intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, for raising the Men to be raised therein under that Act, shall be applied, practised and put in force in all respectg, for raising the Men to be raised therein under this Act, as fully and effectually as it the said Acts and this Act were consolidated into one Act,

CLXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to repeal iny proviso for of the Provisions of the said Two recited Acts of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, other than as any new 13

and additional Fines, Penalties and Powers in this Act contained may be applicable and necessary for the raising 73* xhe Men by this Act directed to be raised in the Tower Hamlets.

4 CLXXI, And whereas for the different Rapes in the Counties of Sussex and East Kent, there are no Peace

Officers who can aft officially for such Rapes: And whereas the Rapes in the said Counties are the most convenient Districts to be appointed as the Subdivisions for the Deputy Lieutenants to execute the several Purposes directed by this Act, and do contain within their Boundaries several Hundreds, to each of which there is a Peace Officer belonging 5 And whereas the Boroughs and Tythings over which there are Headboroughs, Tythineroen or other Peace Officers, are uncertain in their Boundaries, and often include Parts of various Parishes, from which great Inconveniences arise both in ballotting for the Men to be drawn by Lot for the Service of the said Militia, and also in the Payment of the Money directed to be paid by the Parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: And whereas it would be more expedient that the ballotting for Men

to serve in the said Militia for the Counties of Sussex and Kent should be by the Division of Parishes, to which

52 Geo. III. 4 Y 1 Division

706 C. 38.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Ctoirch warden^ and Overseers in SuiTex and Kent to have fame Powers as Constables in other PUceS.

Counties, Uc. each Man de-fleteut at certain Period;

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Constables to make Returns, and>nfceruin Deficiencies to be supplied.

[Penalty.]

Commandants of Regiments shall transmit to Oerter, Sessions Cer/ifipates.of Number of Deficiencies.

Justices upon Receipt of Certificate shall make Assessment.

VSuch Assessments upon Counties to be piade on each Parish, proportionally to Number of Men it is required to raise.

When Deficiency shall arise in anry particular Varith or Parishes, the Af-leflinent 0>all be nude thereon.

Justices to transmit Amount of Sums afiefled to Subdivision Clerk, who shall give Notice to Over leers of Pv: or, who shall pay Money out Podr Rates,

Division there are no Peace Officers Be it therefore enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes in the said Counties shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the Officers of such Parish, and shall be invelted with the fame Powers and Authorities, and be liable to the fame Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place, is invested with, or subject and liable to by virtue of this Act.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hundred or Parish for which the full Number of Men required by any Order of His Majesty under this Act shall not have been ballotted and enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of February succeeding such Order, if given Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies arising in such Local Militia shall not be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the same shall have arisen, if the same shall have arisen Three Months be* fore such Fourteenth Day of February, shall be subject to a Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man remaining deficient.

CLXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which such Fine shall have arisen and in which such Deficiency shall be thereafter supplied, shall be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Two third Parts of any such Fine of Fifteen PcAmds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March, and One third Part of every such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the First Day of April, after any such Fine shall have so arisen as aforesaid.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Constables and other Officers of all Parishes and Places for which any Local Militia Man shall be serving, shall make diligent Enquiry as to all Men enrolled in the Local Militia, for the Parishes or Places for which they shall respectively be Constables, and shall, before the Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the Subdivision within which such Parishes or Plaices shall be, a true Account of all Persons serving for such Parish or Place in the Local Militia, specifying such as shall have died or left their residence, and whether the Persons not then residing in foeh Parish or Place shall have wholly left such Parish or Place, or shall still retain any House, Residence or Lodging^in such Parish or Place, and also the Place to which such Persons shall have gone as have changed their Residences, if the fame can be ascertained; and every Constable who shall neglect or refuse to make any such Return, or shall wilfully make any false Return, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commandants of the Regiments of Local Militia in England shall, within Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Year, transmit to the Clerk of the Peace to be laid before Justices of the Peace or Magistrates anembled at the several General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after the First Day of March in each Year, Certificates of the Number of Men then remaining deficient in their respective Regiments, dist the Period for which such Deficiencies or Vacancies, have existed, by what Cause occasioned, and for what District, Division or Parish.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of evenr such County, Riding and Place, assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the First Day of March in each Year shall, upon the Receipt of the aforesaid Certificate of the Commandant, which Certificate he is hereby required to tnrasmit to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding or Place, in order to be laid before the said Justices and Magistrates respectively at such Sessions, rate and assess the said 'Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every such County, Riding or Place.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates aforesaid in making any such Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County, Riding or Place, shall apportion the Sums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess the fame upon the several Parishes and Tythings in such County, Riding or Place, ir. the fame Proportions in which the Men for the Local Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes and Tythings respectively, according to such Apportionment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Parish and Ty thing.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Riding or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arise from the Default of any particular Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, in such County, Riding or Place, in not raising the Proportion or respective Proportions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Tythings, then and in such cases the said Justices and Magistrates, in making such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Tything; or Parishes or Tythings, that shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes or Tythings shall fall shortof the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

CLXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates of the several Counties, Riding* and Places, where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the First Day of April next succeeding the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted the several Amounts of the Sums so assessed upon the several Parishes and Tythings, to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision to which Parishes or Tythings respectively belong, and also a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary at War; and such Clerks of Subdivision shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, cause Notice thereof to be given to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Tythings upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and such Overseers shall, within Fourteen Days after such Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment, pay the Amount of the Rate or Assessment made upon their respective Parishes or Tythings, out of any Money in their or any of their'Hands, of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and if they or any of them shall not have sufficient of such Money for that Purpose, then such Overseers shall and they are hereby required to make a Rate sufficient to satisfy such Rate and Assessment: and it shall be lawful for the said Overseers to levy and collect the fame in

such

A.B.1812«

52 GEORGII III.

C. 38. 70.7

such manner as Rates made For the Relief of the Poor, or any other Rates made for tho Purposes of this Act, may be levied and collected.

CLXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Sum shall have been so assessed upon any Parish or Place for Men certified to be deficient upon the Fourteenth Day of February, it shall nevertheless be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Subdivision in which such Parish may be situated, in all cases in which any Man shall have been subsequently enrolled to supply such Deficiency, to certify to the Clerk of such Subdivision the Date of such Enrolments respectively; and if it shall appear from that Certificate that such Men were enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April* it shall be lawful for the Clerk of such Subdivision and he is hereby required to remit to every such Parish such Two third or One third Part of such Fine respectively as is hereinbefore directed to be returned to such Parish for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April respectively 5 and the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish are hereby authorized to make a Deduction of Two thirds or One third Part of such-Fine (as the case may be) from the Amount of the Assessment made upon such Parish for every Man so certified to have been enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April respectively.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks of Subdivision receiving any such Sum or Sums of Money, shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the Amount thereof to the Bank of England* to be placed to the Account of the Agent General for the Local Militia; and during the Period of Three Months from such First Day of April next succeeding the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of the said County, Riding or Place, within which such Parish, Tything or Place shall be situate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for Such Local Militia, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer fora Bounty not exceeding the Sum of Two Guineas; and the Deputy Lieutenant before whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to ierve in the Local Militia, shall transmit a Certificate of such Inrolment to the Agent General, and upon the Production to the said Agent General of such a Certificate under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia of such County, Riding or Place, of such Man having joined his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Said Agent General shall, and ne is hereby required under the Direction of the Secretary at War to pay out of such Money in his Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding the said Sum of Two Guineas for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid.

CLXXXII. And whereas there are several Cities, Towns and Places which do not contribute to the

Payment of the said. Rate called The County Rate, and Doubts may arise whether such Cities, Towns and Places, can be legally rated or assessed towards the Payment of the Rate or Assessment to be laid in pursuance of this Act* Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where the Local Militia shall not be raised within any City, Town or Place, not rated to the County Rate, the Proportion of the said Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Man, to be borne by such City, Town or Place, shall be raised, levied and collected within such City, Town or Place, by a separate Rate or Assessment, in like manner, by die Overseers of the Poor, and by such and the like ways and means as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor can or may be raised, levied and collected; and such Overseers of the Poor shall from time to time pay over the same to the Clerk of the Subdivision with which such City, Town or Place shall be joined or united, for the Purpose of raising the Local Militia.

4 CLXXX!II. And whereas there are some Towns which lie in Two Counties or Ridings, and Doubts

may arise whether such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties or Ridings towards raising the said

Money* Be it therefore further enacted, That where any Town lies in Two Counties or Ridings, or Part thereof in a County, and Part in a Riding, the Proportion of the said Money to be paid for such Town, in lieu of raising the Local Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision of the County or Riding wherein the Church of such Town is situate.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum of Money which ought to be paid by any City, Town or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision as aforesaid, before the First Day of June in every Year, the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding or Place, shall, at their next Midsummer Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby required-(by their Warrant, directed to any Constable or Tythingman of every such Parish and Division) to cause the Bum due from such Parish under this Act, by reafou of such Men not being raised as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish and Division, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Money, and the reasonable Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and all such Overseers of the Poor shall be re-imbursed the Money so levied on them respectively, by the fame ways and means as Overseers of the Poor are re-imbursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being, and may make a Rate for that Purpose if necessary. v

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Agent General into whose Hands or to whose Account any such Money shall be paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money -to the Person or Persons paying the fame, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such/ Payment^and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised in any County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be a full Discharge and Indemnification to such County* Riding or Place, for the Failure' or Neglect in raising and training the Number of Men in the Local Militia for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made; and the Money so paid

4 Y 2 into

Overseers may -deduct for Men raised wirhin certain Periods.,

Clerk of Sub-division on receiving lueh Money shall remit urne ro.Agent General^ who shall pay thereout Bouti- ties to Vuluu-: teers raised within a certain' Period.

In Places where no County Rates, AffcIT-ments how t raised and paid.

Lying In Two Counties* AC* feflfaients lit* paid.

Assessment for PlaceVhereno* County Rates' not paid to Clerk ok Subdivision before June

{rearly* ho\t evied*.

When A(feminent upon any Place is paid to Agent General, it shall be indemnified for not raising its QtfptA

708

Ctrrks Of Sukcft-

VlfionlTav detain Id. prr T^ound of Money they receh e, and Ihtll make a like Allowance to High Conit llilcs, & c. out of such Sums as they shall be concerned In Collecting.

Clerks of Peace to transmit an. Dually Copies of Certificate* re* ceived from Commandants of Regiments, and where not deli tered, to certify such Ortvffion to Secretary at War, and to certify Omissions of Justices in proceeding to raise Money to Secretary at War, who shall compel them to do

If Ijl per Man

not raised In any Place, and paid t> Agent General, the Solicitor of Treasury to compel its being done.

S'Jerloft of Duty in Clerks ot PeaCe, 5tc. f*<r.u!ty.

[Penalty.]

Solicitor of Treasury to prosecute Justices, Ire. for Neglect. Penalty.

Persons serving Under Ad exempt in Whole or in Part from Rates made for Payment of Fines.

AppaL

C. 38. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 181J.

into the Hands of the said Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, shall be applied to the Purposet of the Local Militia, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament.

CLXXXVF, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision to whom any such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of One Penny tm the Pound, upon the whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Clerk of Sub^ division is hereby authorized to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by him, before Payment made to the Agent General as aforesaid; and every High Constable, Petty Constable, Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, who shall act in the raising ana colltfting of the said Money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such Clerk of Subdivision, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound of all such Money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively aft as aforesaid; and such Clerk of Subdivision is hereby authorized and required to deduct the fame out of the Money so received by him as aforesaid, and to pay the respective Proportions thereof to such High Constables or other Officers aforesaid.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for every County, Riding or Place, shall and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held next after the Twenty fifth Day of December, yearly, to transmit to the Secretary at War a Copy signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which he shall have received from the Commandants of the several Regiments of Local Militia in such County, Riding or Place as aforesaid; and where such Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission to the Secretary at War, and that fu?h Clerk of the Peace hath certified the same to the Justices at such General Quarter Session, and required such Justices to proceed according to the Directions of this Act, and such Clerk of the Peace shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such General Quarter Sessions, in relation to the assessing and raising of the said Money, where the Local Militia shall not have been raised; and in case such Justices shall omit, neglect or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money, according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding or Place, shall and is hereby required within Fourteen Days next after such General Quarter Session of the Peace, to certify to the Secretary at War, such Omission, Neglect or Refusal of such Justices, and the Names of the Justices who shall be present at such Session; and the Secretary at War is hereby empowered and required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to give Directions to the Solicitor of the Treasury to proceed by all such legal ways and means as shall be moil effectual and expeditious, to compel such Justices to pay due Obedfence to this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, collected and paid.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Man, to be raised and paid in any such County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collected and paid into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in manner hereinbefore directed, the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required, forthwith upon Knowledge or Information thereof, to proceed, by all such legal ways and means as shall be moil effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of such Money and the Payment thereof into the Hands of the Ageut General, or to his Account at the Bank, as aforesaid.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, file, make, record or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if any Clerk of Subdivision, Chief Constable, Petty Constable or other Officer who-ought to act and assist in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit or neglect or refuse to act or assist therein, according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of Subdivision so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Chief Constable so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every such Petty Constable and other Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Solicitor of the Treasury shall and he is hereby required, when directed so to do by the Secretary at War as aforesaid, with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Justices of the Peace, Clerks of Subdivision, and other Officers, who shall omit, neglect or refuse to perform the Duty required of them respectively by this Act, touching the raising, collecting and paying of the said Money; and in case the Solicitor of the Treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any such Justices of the Peace, Clerks t>f Subdivision or other Officers aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

CXC. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall serve under this Act, whose Assessment in any Rate to be made or levied for the Purpose of the Payment of any Fines under this Act, shall be made oa any Property not exceeding in annual Value, according to the Valuation on which such Rate shall be made, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be wholly exempt from such Rate; and every such Person whose Assessment shall be made on any such Property, exceeding in annual Value as aforesaid such Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall by reason of such Service be exempt as to such Property to the Amount of such Sum of Twenty Pounds, and be rated in such Rate only to the Amount by which such Property shall exceed such annual Sum of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid; and if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in such manner as is provided in cases of Appeal against Rates for the Relief of the £oor.

A.D. 1812. 5 2 GEORGII III. C. 38.

CXGI. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meeting shall, if required so to do by the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any General or Subdivision Meeting, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sums as the Deputy Lieutenants shall fix, for duly accounting for ana remitting all Monies paid into his Hands under the Provisions of this Act.

CXCII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall keep an Account, in the Form to this Act annexed* marked (H.) or in such other Form as may from time to time be directed for that Purpose by the Secretary at War, of all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures from time to time received by him, and also of all Sums allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Hundreds or Parishes, by reason of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any Fines or Penalties, being remitted under the Provisions of this A A; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices attending at the time of any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture beipg imposed or remitted, or any Two of them, shall and they are hereby required to certify the same to be correct, and the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall verify the fame upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieu* tenant or Justice of the Peace is authorised to administer, and shall transmit to the Secretary at War such Account made up to the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, or to such other Period as the Secretary at War shall direct.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall and is hereby required within Seven Days after the Twenty fourth Day of March, June, September and December* respectively in each Year, or ofteuer if required, to transmit an Account to the Secretary at War for the time being, of all Sums received by him and remitted to the Bank of England, to the Account of the said Agent General, for the Purposes of this Act, verified upon Oath before One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, which Oath any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer, and made in the Form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (1.) or such other Form as may from time to time be preferred in that Behalf by the Secretary at War.

CXC1V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it is in this Act directed and required that any Return or Lift should be made, or any Notice given, or any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or other Money remitted by any Clerk of the Peace, or by any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or by any Overseer, or by any Colonel Commandant or other Officer of L cal Militia, every such Clerk of the Peace or other Person as aforesaid, who shall omit, neglect or refuse, or wilfully delay making any such Return or Lift, or giving any such Notice, or remitting any such Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or other Money as aforesaid, in the manner directed by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed to extend to any case in which any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may already be imposed for any such O fence by the Provisions of this Act.

CXCV. And be it further enacted, Th.it the Accept nice of a Commission in the Local Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve n Parliament.

CXCVL. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer, or private Man of the Local Militia, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on Account of his Absence during the time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the time he shall be returning from such Election.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Local Militia, or any private Man, from the time of his Inrolment until he shall be regularly discharged from the Local Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer.

CXCVIil. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in the Local Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain* without any Let, Suit or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of using or exerciung such Trade, as freely and with the fame Provision3, and under the fame Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the Two Universities, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable such Officers* Manner and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, pr in the Marines, or in the Militia* or any Corps of Fencible Men* finer the Second' Year of His present Majesty's Reign* to exercise Trades; and no such Local Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Commission granted before the passing of this Act, or which shall be granted after the passing of this Act, to any Officer in the Local Militia, shall be subject to any Stamp Duty.

CC. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the JLocal Militia, and also all Bills, Drafts and Orders, by which any Sums of Money or Fines are remitted to the Bank of England* or the Agent General, or any Person or Persons authorized by the Secretary at War to receive Money on Account of the Local Militia, may and shall be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order, shall be void by reason of not being so drawn or written on stamped Paper; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary no.twith(landing.

CCI. And be it further enacted, That all. Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of JHis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales* or the Courtflof the Counties Palatine of Chester* Lane after and Durham (as the case shall require) wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof of the Offence either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more

credible

709

Subdivision Clerks to give Bond.

Subdivision Clerks to keep Account of Fines, See. and transmit fame to Secretary at' War.

Subdivision Clerks to trans-mir to Secretary at War Account of Money remitted 10 Agent General, verified on Oath.

Neglecting to make Returns and to give Notices, See.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Commissions not' to vacate SeatJj in Parliament. Voters going tv kledioni of Members.

Non Commissioned Officers, Ace. not liable to serve as Peace Officers.

Maaried Local Milma Men may set up in any Place in G.B. as S' idlers may under 14 G. 3. Seir. 2* c. 6.

zu

No Stamp Duty on Commissions.

Bills for Pay and Allowance, Ace. drawn on undamped Paper.

How Penalties

recovered, and how applied

7i C. 38. 52° GEORG'II 111 A.D. 1812.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

Certificate of Amount of certain Penalties transmitted to Secretary at War.

Witnesses not attending.

[Penalty.]

Ceuvictions.

Form.

Credible Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace of the Count/, Riding or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels thall have been so detrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required, in all cases where no particular time of Commitment is hereinbefore directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularty directed by this Act, shall be remitted to the Agent General for Local Militia, or to the Bank of England, to be placed to his Account, and to be by him applied and accounted for in the manner hereinbefore directed, with respect to Fines assessed upon the Parishes for Deficiencies.

CCII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it 19 by this Act directed that any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be remitted to any Subdivision Clerk, or to the Agent General, or to the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Agent General, it shall be lawful for any One orlnore Deputy Lieutenants, Justices or Magistrates by whom any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been imposed, for any Offence committed against this Act, and he or they is or are hereby directed and required within Ten Days after such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been imposed to transmit to the Secretary at War a Certificate of the Amount of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in the Form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.)

CCrll. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justices touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justices before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that "then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

CCIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall causethe said Conviction to be made out in the manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say,

JJE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of Our Lord

in the County of A.B.of was

convicted before me C.D. or before us, C.D. and E. F. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed: For that the said A.B. on the

c Day of now last past, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that case

made and provided ['hereJlate the Offence against the AS .] And I or we do declare and adjudge, that the < said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of .*

Certiorari,

1/imitation of Actions.

'General Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

Pjrovisions relating to Coon-ties to extend to Ridings, and relating to Hundreds to eatend to Rapes, tec.

Powers given to Constables to extend toTything--meD, file.

CCV. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One Deputy Lieutenant together with any One Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removea by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place wherein such Order or Con? wiftion shall have been made, into any Court whatsoever 5 and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CCVL. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of tins Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months-next after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County, Riding or Place where the cause of Complaintdid arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit -may plead the ^General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial-to be had thereupon 5 and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants'shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any De*-fendant hath in other cases to recover Costs by Law.

GCVII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things whatever in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed-to extend -to all Ridings, Shires, Divisions, Cities and Places; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and other Divisions in or of any such County, Riding, Division, Shire, City or Place; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Township, Tythings and Places, and to all Extra parochial Places united therewith, for the Purposes of any Act relating to the Militia \ and all Powers by this Act given to any Constable shall extend to all Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Peace Officers and other Persons acting as Constables in any Counties, Hundreds, randies and Places in which there shall be no Constable, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 38. 711

CCVIII. And be it farther enabled, That any Person taking a false Oath in any case when an Oath is Perjury, required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable td.

1 CCIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts Act altered, be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[See as to Scotland, post. r. 68.]

SCHEDULES to which this Act: refers.

Schedule (A.)

Jt; Clerk of the Peace for the County of do hereby certify*

That the Officers ibelow specified, serving in the Battalion of Local Militia, have

}eft with me their Qualifications as directed in the Eleventh S?ftion of the Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia.

' : Colonel.

Lieutenant Colonel.

Major.

Captains.

Lieutenant!-.

Ensigns.

Schedule (B.)

I'FORM OF OATH.

T < db make Oath, That I am by my Trade a and hare beeiv

A usually residentjin the Pfrrish of in the County of that I am unmarried

£or, have a Wife living, as the case may he]; and that I have no Children, for, nofcmoie than Two Children born in \Vediock] $ and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fit!, and am no way! disabled by Lameness or otherwise, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; and that I am not a Seaman or Seafaring. Man. As witness my Hand at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before meat this Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

' Witness present.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the Day of

Parities. NAMES OF MiiN. Date of Inrolment. Age. CLASSES.

Ballotted. Yoluriteen. Ift. id. 3d- Last.

A.B. S. Jones. Tho. Gray*. June ill. 3d. 22 26 I. X

Totals.' '

Signed A.B. Clerk to Subdivisiofi Meeting.

SCHEDULE

C. 38. 51° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN of the Company in the of the Local Militia!

of the County of dated the Day of

Hundred or Division. PariQu NAMES OF MEN SERVING. Age. CLASSES.

Ballotted. Volunteers. ift 2d. 3* Last.

h; B. S. Jones. — 3* X

m. C. — T. Gray.4 X

Totals. 1

Signed A. J5. Captain of Company.

SCHEDULE (E.)

RETURN of Private Local Militia Men serving for the County of Dated the Day of

Description of Men. No, of each. Years of Service unexpired. No. in each Clafi.

1. 2. 3- 4. 1. 2. 3. Lait.

Ballotted - Volunteers -

Totals,

A.B. Clerk to General Meetings.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Dated the Day of

Name of the County. Names of the Men. Of the Parish of Of the Hundred or other Division of Time of Service expires on Sum for which they are willing to serve. Signature of Content.

A.B. C.D. p. <2- H. I. A.B. C.D.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1812.

c. 38. 713

52' Georgii hi.

SCHEDULE (G.)

'T'HIS is to certify, That I [cr, we, as the case may be] A. 3. One [or wore] of His Majesty's Justices A of the Peace [or, Deputy Lieutenants, as the case may £e]tlid, on the Day of

last pad, levy upon C.D. the Sum of Pounds, being the Amount of Fine imposed

[here specify the OJf ace] under the for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England. Dated this Day of

(Signed) A.B. Justice.

SCHEDULE (H.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES imposed and remitted by the LIEUTENANCY.

Date when Imposed. Name of Person. Penalty of £o. fori Penalty of £20. for Persons uor h morej Persons wo-th more than £"200. per .than £iro. per Annum Annum. and not exceed uz £200. Penalty of £ 10. for Per ions worth less than £ ICO. per Annum. Remittance of Finti Arc. allowed by the Lieutenancy. H "1. <U c Z.S Remarks.

Deficiency in the Subdivision of in the County of as per Return herewith annexed, signed by the Commandant, dated the bring Men at £ per Man £ paid to the Clerk of

Subdivision Meetings for on the

We do certify, that the above Account is truly and justly stated to the bell of our Knowledge and Belief.

- Deputy Lieutenant,

Magistrate.

SCHEDULE (I.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the Clerk of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

Dare when received. Name of Person fined. Penalty of £30. for Persons worth more than £aoo. per Annum. Penalty of £ao. for Persons worth more : han £ioo. and not exceeding £100. Penalty of £10. for Persons worth less than £100. per Annum. Amount of each Penalty. Date when remitted. Amount of each Remittance.

By remittance to the? Bank of England, j By Remittance to the ? Agent General.

Sworn before me

Day of 181

- Deputy Lieutenant or Justice.

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the above is a just and true Account of all Sums received by me as Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings of the County of between the Day of and the Day

of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

- Signature.

Clerk of the Subdivision of the County of

52 G10. III.

4 z

7*4 C. 39

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

5 G. a. c.ao.

30.1.013-

7 G.X. Stat. t. c.ai.

43 G. 3. c. 152. 47 G. 3. SelT. a. cliz.

48 G. 3. c. 104. i

48 G. 3.C. 104. continued.

Provisions in Acts relating to Pilots, repealed.

Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford shall license fit Persons as Pilots, within certain Limits;

like Powers to Lord Warden of Cinque Ports, &c.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coast of England.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS Ships and Vessels have frequently been wrecked, and many Lives and much Property have been loft, from the Ignorance or Misconduct of Persons taking charge of such Ships or Vessels as Pilots: And whereas the Corporation of Trinity House of DeptfordStrond have, as well by Usage for more than Three Centuries, as by Grants from the Crown, and unaer the Authority of an Act paHed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, been empowered to appoint Pilots, Loadfmen or Guides, to conduct Ships or Vessels into and out of and upon the River of Thames, through the North Channel to or by Orfordnefs9 and round the Long Sand Head, through the Queers Channel or other Channels irtto the Downs, and from and by Orfordness, and up the North Channel, and up the Rivers Thames and Medway, and the several Creeks and Channels belonging or running into the fame; and to make such Orders and Constitutions as should be needful for the wholesome Government of Seafaring Men, and Maintenance and Increase of Navigation, and of all Seafaring Men within the said River of Thames; in pursuance of which Powers the said Corporation have from time to time appointed a sufficient Number of Pilots for the ' Purposes before mentioned: And whereas there hath been, time out of Mind, and now is, a Society or Fel-€ lowftiip of Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, who have had the Pilotage and Loadmanage of all Ships from the said Places up the Rivers Thames and Medway, which said Society or Fellowship have been confirmed by various A£s of Parliament for regulating the Pilots of the Society or 1 Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet9 commonly called Cinque Pori Pilots; notwith-€ Handing which, many Persons not having Licence or Authority, or competent Knowledge or Experience, have taken upon themselves to act as Pilots for conducing Ships or Vessel6 to and from and upon the said ( Rivers, to the great Hazard of such Ships or Vessels, and their Cargoes, and the Lives of their Crews: And whereas the Provisions of the said Acts have been found inadequate to the Regulation of Pilotage, and the*Prevention of such Mischiefs, and it is therefore necessary that further and more effectual Regulations should be made for that Purpose, and that all the Provisions and Regulations relating to the several Descriptions of Pilots aforesaid should be repealed: And whereas A£s of Parliament have been parted for establishing separate and peculiar Jurisdictions in relation to Pilotage in certain Ports, and on different Parts of the Coast of England, which, by reason of the fame being limited, have been found insufficient to answer the goo(J Purposes*intended thereby; and it is therefore necessary that more effectual Regulations should be made in relation to Pilotage on the Coast of England: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas, which is now near expiring; and it is expedient that the tame should be 6 continued, with Alterations and Amendments, as is herein after enacted: And whereas it is necessary for duly enforcing the Laws respecting Quarantine, on which the Health of His Majesty's Subjects essentially depends, that the Names and Places of Residence of all Pilots in England should be known by those whose Duty it is to convey Information respecting those Layrs from time to time to them : 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to any Rates of Pilotage due or to become due, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred or to be incurred, or any other Act, Matter or Thing done or to be done before the Commencement of the Operation of any of the Provisions of this Act, in relation to any such Matters as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby continued; and that all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating as well to Pilots appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond9 as to Pilots of the Fellowship of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, and to the Pilotage by and Regulation of all such Pilots as aforesaid, and also as to the Conduct of all Persons in Matters of Pilotage within the Jurisdiction of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond9 and the Liberty of the: Cinque Ports, which are contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Master Wardens and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the Most Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strond in the County of Kent, (commonly called The .Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond) and they are hereby required to appoint and license, under their Common Seal, fit and competent Persons, duly {killed as Pilots, for the Purpose of conducing all Ships and Vessels failing, navigating and passing up and down, or upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway, and all and every the several Channels, Creeks and Docks thereof or therein, or leading or adjoining thereto, as well between Orfordness and London Bridge, as from London Bridge to the Downs, and from the Downs Westward as far as the Isle of Wight, and in the English Channel from the Isle of Wight up to London Bridge: And, that from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and Constable of Dover Castle, or his Lieutenant for the time being, and they are hereby required to appoint and license fit and competent Persons, duly skilled as Pilots, for the Purpose of conducing all Ships and Vessels failing, navigating and parting from the Westward up the Rivers Thames and Medway; that is to say, from Dungeness up to London Bridge and Rochester Bridge, and from the Buoy of the Brake to the Westward; that is to say, from the said Buoy to the West End of the Owcrsj all which Vessels shall be

conducted

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III.

conduced and piloted by such Pilots so appointed and licensed, and by no other Pilots or Persons whom-

soever; and also save and except as well all Colliers as also all Ships and Vessels trading to Norway, and Exceptions.

to the Cattegat and Baltic, and likewise round the North Cape, and into the White Sea; and save and except

all constant Traders inwards from the Ports between Boulogne inclusive and the Baltic, such Ships and Vessels

having British Registers, and coming up the North Channel by Orfordness, but not otherwise; and likewise

save and except all coasting Vessels, and all Irish Traders using the Navigation of the River Thames as Coasters:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful after the passing of this Act, for any Pilot or Pilots heretofore appointed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strondf or by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, to pilot or conduct any Ship or Vessel within such Limits as such Pilot or Pilots might lawfully have conduced and piloted the fame before the passing of this Act, under and by virtue of the Licences or Authorities granted to such Pilots respectively as aforesaid; which respective Licences shall continue in force notwithstanding this Act, so that such Pilots respectively do in all things conform themselves to the Provisions of this Act, and the Rules and Regulations to be established under the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the respective Rates or Rates demanded Prices herein after enumerated in the Table marked (A.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be by Pilots, lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford

Strand, for the piloting or conducting of any Ship or Vessel from Place to Place, as expressed in the said Table, and that no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument shall, under any Pretence whatever, be demanded, solicited or received, than such Rates or Prices.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Pilot already appointed, or to be appointed by the Pilots to p*y said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, under the Authority of this Act (except only such annually Three Pilots as shall be appointed by the said Corporation upon their receiving Certificates of Examination, by any Gu^D.cas Cor-Sub Commissioners of Pilotage as hereby directed) mall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, pay Triuity House or cause to be paid to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same on their Behalf, the Sum of Three Guineas in the Month

of January yearly, which Payment shall be accepted by the said Corporation in Lieu and Stisfaction of and for all the ancient and accumftomed Duties payable by such Pilots to the said Corporation, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or any other Statute sO. % . c.aa.

or Charter whatever, and shall be applied for the Ule and Benefit of the Poor of the said Corporation,

(after first defraying thereout the Expences incurred by the said Corporation from time to time in carrying this Act into Execution); and in case such annual Payment shall not be duly made by the said Pilots Penalty, respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to suspend the Persons so making Default from acting as Pilots, until due Payment shall be made of such annual Sums.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House No Person of Deptford Strond, as a Pilot for the Rivers of Thames or Medway, or the Channels leading thereto or hcenfedas* therefrom, under the Provisions of this Act, who shall not have served as Mate for Three Years on board Trinit/House a square rigged Vessel, or shall not have been in the actual Command of a square rigged Vessel for One Year, except as herein or who shall not have been employed in the Pilot Service of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford specified, nor Strond for Seven Years, or who shall not have served an Apprenticeship of Five Years to some Pilot vessel charge of* licensed under this Act; and that no Person shall be so licensed, or be allowed until after Three Years ^»p ^win8 Licence and Service, to take charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Fourteen Feet feei^ter!4 Water, in the Rivers Thames or Medway, or any of the Channels thereof^ until such Person shall have been

licensed, and shall have acted as a Pilot for Three Years under lawful Authority, on Pain of forfeiting Ten Penalty. Pounds for every such Offence, as well by the Person acting as such Pilot, as also by the Matter or Commander, or other Person having charge of such Ship or Vessel, who shall permit any such Person to take charge as a Pilot of the fame, contrary to the Provision aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, take Charge No Cinque Port of any Ship or Vessel, as a Pilot belonging to the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Pilot shall take Isle of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, before he shall be examined by the Matter and Two

Wardens, or by Four Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship for the time being, touching his Abilities, and shall be approved and admitted into the Society* or Fellowship of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being; and if any Person shall presume to act as a Pilot belonging to the said Society or Fellowship, without having been so examined, approved and admitted as aforesaid, every such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit Ten Pounds; for the Second, Twenty Pounds; and Penalty, for every other Offence, Forty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person belonging as a Pilot to the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of lower Pilots of Dover, Deal and the I lie of Thanet, commonly called Cinque Port Pilots, shall, from and after the Gljfs al, ov^ed passing of this Act, be allowed to take Charge as a Pilot of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than Eleven period^Ser-Feet Six Inches Water, until he shall have been licensed and acted as a Pilot for Three Years, or of any' vice to take Ship or Vessel drawing more than Fourteen Feet Water, until he shall have been licensed and acted as a charge of Ship* Pilot for Two Years more, making Five Years in the Whole, or of any Ship or Vessel drawing more than of 8reatcr Seventeen Feet Water, until he shall have been licensed and acted as a Pilot Two Years more, making Seven ^riu8htthan Years in the Whole; and at the Expiration of such Period of Seven Years, such Pilot shall be again examined Abrence^fPi-as to his Fitness and Competency, and if he shall be approved of in such Examination and licensed, shall be lots of higher authorized and allowed and entitled to take Charge of any Ships or Vessels of any Draft of Water: Provided CM*.

4 Z 1 always.

G.39. 7! 5

716

Prorifo.

Trinity Houses vf Dover, &c. appointed to examine Pilots. Oatk

Rates demanded by such licensed Pilots.

A sufficient Number of Cinque Port PUots to ply; upon making Signals of Fleets from Well ward, Pilots to prepare to go off.

[Penalty.]

Mailers of Ships from West ward not having Cinque Port Pilot, to display Sigual for one, and facilitate his getting on hoard*

Neglect, &c.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Provifa

c. 39. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

always, that in case of the Absence of Pilots who have been licensed and have acted as such for the Terms, of Three Years and upwards. Five Years and upwards, and Seven Years and upwards respectively, the Pilots in the lower dalles may take Charge of Ships drawing more Water than hereinbefore specified for their respective Years of Service, and shall not in such case be liable to any Penalties for so doing; nor shall the Mailers of the Ships who may take any such Pilot on board in the Absence of the Pilots of the upper ClalTes, nor the Owners of such Ships, be answerable for any Loss or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, or Consignee of Goods, be prevented from recovering any Loss or Damage upon any Contia& of Insurance of the fame, or upon any other Contrail relating to any such Ship or Vessel or any Cargo on board the fame, by reason of such Pilots being so employed in their Ships in the Absence of the others: Provided always, that in any such Case the proper Flag mall be kept flying, within the Limits and Distances herein after mentioned, and for the Period of One Hour after the Vessel shall have been at Anchor, as is in this Act provided for Cinque Port Pilots coming on board of any Vessel within such Limits \ and the Mailer or Person commanding any such Ship or Vessel rtiall be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for neglecting to keep a Pilot Signal flying accordingly, although he shall have agreed to take any such Pilot of a lower Class, in case of no other Pilot coming on board; and any Pilot having such Licence as shall qualify him to take Charge of any such Ship or Vessel on board of which any such Pilot of a lower Class shall so be, shall be entitled within such Time, Limits and Distance as aforesaid, to supersede such Pilot of a lower Class.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer, and such Wardens of the said Society or Fellowship of Pilots of the Trinity House of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanel, as shall be appointed from time to time to examine into the Skill and Ability of any Person on his being fu ll admitted as a Pilot into the said Society or Fellowship, or after he shall have been licensed and served for Seven Years, shall take the Oath marked (C.} in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to be administered unto him by the Register of the Court of Loadmanage* who is hereby authorized to administer such Oath.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the respective Rates or Price* herein after enumerated in the Table marked (D.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, may be lawfully demanded and received by any Pilot licensed by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, for the conducing of any Ship or Vessel from Place to Place, as expressed in the said Table \ and that no greater Rates or Prices, or other Reward or Emolument, shall, under any Pretence whatever, be received, than such Rates or Prices.

X. And be it further enacted, That a proper and sufficient Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports, not less than Eighteen at any one time, and in Succession, from time to time, without Intermission or any unnecessary Delay, shall, at all seasonable times, by Day and Night, constantly ply at Sea, or be afloat, between the South Foreland and Dungeness, to take Charge of Ships and Vessels coming from the Westward; and proper Signals shall be established, to be made at and from Signal Houses now erected, or which may be erected or commanding Situations near to Dover, to give Notice of Fleets of Vessels coming from the West ward; and upoa the making of any Signals, giving Notice of the Approach of any Fleet from the Wellward, all Cinque Port Pilots not on Duty at the time shall* according to such Rules and Regulations, a6 to Number, Rotation or otherwise, as have been or shall be made in that Behalf, forthwith prepare to go afloat, and shall go off in sufficient time to fall in with such Ships and Vessels, on pain of forfeiting, in case of Negledi herein, for the fir 11 Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the second the Offender shall be suspended from acting as a Pilot for Twelve Months, and for the third Offence shall forfeit his Licence to act as such Pilot, and shall be rendered thereby incapable of acting thereafter as a Pilot.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel coming from the Westward, and bound to any Place in the Rivers of Thames or Medway, not having a duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot on board, shall, on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel off Dungeness. and until she shall have passed the Buoy of the Brake, or a Line to be drawn from Sandown Castle to the said Buoy, (unless in the mean time (he shall have received a proper Cinque Port Pilot on board) display and keep flying the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on Board*and if any duly qualified Cinque Port Pilot shall be witliiu-hail, or approaching, and within Half a Mile, with the proper distinguishing Flag or Vane flying in his Vessel or Boat, the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, by heaving to in proper time, or shortening fail, or by all pradiicable means confidently with the Safety of the Ship or Vessel, facilitate such Pilot getting on board, and shall give the Charge of piloting his Ship or Vessel to such Cinque Port Pilot 5 and every Peiion commanding any such Ship or Vessel, who shall not display and keep flying the usual Signal for a Pilot to come on board, from the time such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived off Dungeness* and until the Vessel shall have passed the Buoy of the Brake in a Line to be drawn from Sandown Caltk* to the said Buoy (unless in the mean time a duly qualified Pilot shall have come on board) or who shall decline to take any such Cinque Port Pilot on board, or to give such Charge of his Ship or Vessel to such Pilot, or who shall not heave to, shorten fail or otherwise facilitate such Pilot coming on board as aforesaid, confidently with the Safety of the Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay double the Amount of the Sum which would have been demanded for the Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel, and shall forfeit the further Sum of Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that such additional Penalty of Five Pounds lor every Fifty Tons, shall not in any case be sued for or recovered, unless the Corporation of the Trinity House, as to all cases in which Pilots licensed by or under the said Corporation shall be concerned, or unless the said Lord Warden for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, shall licenst and authorize by written Certificate the Proceeding for such additional Penalty, as to all Causes in which Pilots by or under the said Lord Warden shall be concerned»Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel bound to the Rivers.

Thames

A.D. 181 2.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 39.

717

Lower Book Pilots.

Thames or Medway shall anchor any where in the Downs between the South Foreland, and a Line drawn from Cinque Port Pi-Sandown Castle and the South Buoy-of the Brake, having any licensed Pilot other than a Cinque Port Pilot lols miy r*Plir on board, it shall be lawful for a Cinque Port Pilot to repair on board the fame, at any time before such Ship gnchor^thin* or Vessel shall have been at an Anchor One Hour with the Signal for a Pilot flying, and to take Charge of Ceruinbift»nces. her up the said Rivers, but not otherwise.

XII. And whereas great Convenience to Trade will arise by putting an End to the Usage of Cinque Port ' Pilots quitting Ships or Vessels at Gravesend, or elsewhere in the Thames or Medway, at their Discretion; '

Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Cinque Port Pilot, taking Cinque Port Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravesend, or in ls quoting any other Part of the Thames, or in any Part of the Medway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived ^without at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the said Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, with- Consent^U out the Consent of the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless some other duly qualified Mailer.

Pilot shall with such Consent come on board, and shall take the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel for the Residue of the Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence, all Pay Penalty, or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vess l into the Rivers Thames or Medway, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as, l y virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules and Regulations to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilot shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Deftir.ation.

XIII. And whereas the Pilots of the Cinque Ports are divided into Two Clafies, called the Upper and Lower Book Pilots: And whereas the permitting Cinque Port Pilots of the Lower Book to take Charge of Ships which heretofore would only be taken by Pilots of the Upper Book, will diminish the Profits of the Upper Book Pilots, and increase the Profits of the Lower Book Pilots; and it is therefore reasonable that Compensation should be made by the Lower Book Pilots to the Persons who are at this time Upper Book Pilots; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Loadmanage from time to Court of Loadtime to settle the Amount of the Deductions to be made from the Rates received by Lower Book Pilots for manage to settle taking Charge of Vessels of greater Draft of Water than they could heretofore by Law take, and in what u°mj*]^kDt0 Proportions, and how and in what manner, and to whom the same are to be paid, and ho\tf the same shall be , <v tho

applied in making Compensation to the present Upper Book Pilots for the Lodes they may sustain by such*- '

Lower Book Pilots taking Charge of such Vessels as aforesaid; provided that such Deductions so to be fixed as aforesaid, shall from time to time be diminished and decreased as the present Sixty four Upper Book Pilots shall die, be superanouated, or discontinue to act as Pilots; and that such Deductions shall be taken and accepted in lieu of all other Allowances or Contributions whatsoever from the said Lower Book Pilots, except Trinity Money, Clerks Fees, and for Widows.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to act as Cinque Port Pilots shall from time to Rules to be time, and at all times hereafter, be subject to the Regulation and Government of the Lord Warden of the c, M9ut

Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle for the time being*and the Matter and Wardens of the said ort 1>dQls' Society or Fellowship of Pilots of Dover Castle and the Isle of Thane/, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, Constable of Dover Castle for the time being, his Lieutenant for the time being, and the Deputy Lieutenant for the time being, or either of them, with the Assent of the Commissioners of Loadmanage or the major Part of them present at an Assembly commonly called a Court of Loadmanage, to be held by the said Lord Warden or his Deputy, shall, within Four Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, proceed to make and (kail make sufficient Rules and Orders for enforcing the due Observance of the Provisions of this Act by all Cinque Port Pilots, and for providing for the good Government, constant Attendance, and Regulation of alt such Pilots, as well relating to the Services of the said Pilots in going off to and taking Charge of and concluding and navigating His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and the Ships and Vessels in His Majesty's Employ, and also all Ships and Vessels whatever and wheresoever within the proper and usual Limits of such Pilots, or wherein they shall for the time being ad or be, and for effectually securing the Performance of all the Duties and Services of such Pilots at all times; and from time to time to annul, alter or amend all and every of such or of any existing Rules or Orders, or Bye-Laws, and to make such other Bye-Laws* Rules and Regulations, Eye-I, as they shall deem fit and proper; and all such Rules and Regulations hereafter to be made shall, before the same are allowed to take Effect or become binding on any Person or Persons whatever, be forthwith printed and transmitted to the Custom House in London, and there hung up in some conspicuous Place in the Long Room of the said Customs; and Notices shall be published in the Gazette, and also put up at the Custom Houses within the Cinque Ports, of such Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, or any Alterations thereof, for Inspection, for One Calendar Month, in order that any Persons interested therein, whether as Owners or Matters of Ships, or Pilots or otherwise, may transmit to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports or his Lieutenant, any Objections which they may have thereto, for the Purpose of the fame being altered or confirmed; and if no Objection to the Rules arid Regulations so made or altered shall be proposed by or on the Behalf of any Pt?rfo» or Persons within the Space of Thirty Days after the Notices shall have been giver, and made public in the manner hereinbefore provided, they shall have the fame Force and Efted, to all Intents and Purposes, as all other Rulesand Regulations for the Governance of Pilots within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports have; but if an Objection shall be made, to the Lord Warden or his Lieutenant, by or on Behalf of any Person or Persons, to any Rule or Regulation, or to any Alteration in any Rule or Regulation, of which Notice shall be given as aforesaid, within Thirty Days after the Publication thereof, then and in such case the Operation thereof shall be suspended until Reference shall be had to His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, who are hereby Privy Council authorized and empowered to hear, as w ell any Person who shall be deputed by the Court of Loadmanage, as by the Person or Persons. ubjeding, mid finally to decide as to the confirming, altering or receding such

Rules

Decision of Privy Council, final.

Such Rules duly made and transmitted, or defective, Privy Council to order proper Rules to be drawn up and distributed.

3 G. 1. c. 13.

§ 5*

48 G. 3. c. 104.*5-

Number of Cinque Port Pilots increased.

In ere a fed Number kept up.

After Definitive Treaty of Peace with France, Vacancies filled up by Permission of Privy Council.

Pilots to qualify themselves to Conduct, and shall conduit Ships into and out of Ramsgate, See, Penalty.

Rates for such Pilotage.

pilotage demanded as soon as Ship moored.

C. 39. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Rules or Regulations, which Decision of the Privy Council shall be final and be binding on all Parties; and Copies thereof shall be delivered to every Member of the said Society, and also to every new Member of the said Society on his Election; and a Copy or Extra# thereof shall be at all times in the Possession of every Pilot belonging to the Cinque Ports, as well those already admitted and licensed as all others hereafter to be licensed as such Pilots; and it shall be lawful in such Rules and Regulations to establish Rates of Payment out of such Surplus Earnings of the Lower Book Pilots, as may arise from their being allowed to take the higher Classes of Ships in the Absence of Pilots of the Upper Book, under the Provisions of this Act, for the better Support and Maintenance of the Upper Book Pilots, and also Penalties and Forfeitures for the enforcing such Rules and Regulations, and better ordering of the said Pilots, and for suspending or depriving any of the said Pilots of their Licences for breaking such Rules or Orders, or omitting to do any thing required by the same to be done, or for a#ing in any wise contrary to such Rules or Orders.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Rules and Regulations in relation to Cinque Port Pilots shall not be made and transmitted as aforesaid within Four Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or if such Rules and Regulations, when made and transmitted, shall appear to be in any material Point erroneous, insufficient or defective, it shall be lawful for any Owner of Ships, or other Persons interested in the Matter of such Rules or Regulations, to apply to His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, who shall thereupon cause proper and sufficient Rules and Regulations to be drawn up for the Purposes aforesaid, in case no such Rules and Regulations shall have been made and transmitted as aforesaid, or shall amend, correct or enlarge any such Rules and Regulations as shall have been made and transmitted; which Rules and Regulations so made or so amended, collected and enlarged, shall be distributed, published and made use of, in such manner as His Majesty's said Privy Council shall in that Behalf appoint and dire#; and the same shall take EfFe# from such time as in the said Rules or Regulations shall be expressed in regard to the Commencement thereof.

XVI. And whereas, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty King 1 George the First, the Number of Pilots of the Cinque Ports was to be One hundred and twenty at the least,

and it has been found by Experience that the said Number is inadequate to the increased Trade and Naviga-

tion of this Kingdom; and by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

the Number of such Pilots were increased to One hundred and forty Be it therefore enacted, That Twenty Cinque Port Pilots more shall be added whenever such further Addition shall be directed to be made by an Order of His Majesty's Privy Council, upon Application made to His Majesty in Council for that Purpose by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and that a further Addition of Twenty Cinque Port Pilots shall be made to the Number above mentioned, increasing the whole Number to One hundred and eighty, by the like Authority, whenever such last mentioned Addition shall be applied for, by the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to His Majesty in Council.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the increased Numbers of the said Pilots shall refjpec- tively take place as hereinbefore provided, the Numbers so increased shall from thenceforth be kept up from time to time by the Appointment of Pilots in Succession as often as any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by Death, Incapacity or Dismission; provided, that after the Conclusion of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France, no Vacancy shall be filled up as aforesaid, without a special Permission in that Behalf given by His Majesty's Privy Council, upon the Recommendation of the said Corporation of Trinity House, unless the Number of Pilots shall at any time, by Death or otherwise, be reduced below One hundred and forty, in which case the Vacancies shall be filled up from thenceforth from time to time so as not to exceed One hundred and forty in the whole.

XVIII. And whereas certain Harbours near The Downs have become much frequented as Places of Safety, and Ships and Vessels lying in or failing through The Downs are oftentimes compelled to run for those Harbours, and it is therefore necessary to make Provision for the Pilotage of such Harbours* Be it therefore enacted, That all Pilots whose Licences or Warrants shall authorize them to pilot Ships or Vessels from any Place to the Westward, up to London Bridge, shall qualify themselves, and shall be examined as tc* their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or Vessel into and out of Ramsgate Harbour, and the Harbours of Dover, Sandwich and Margate, and shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vessels into and out of the said Harbours; and if any such Pilot shall ref use to take charge of or condu# any Ship or Vessel into or out of any of the said Harbours, such Pilot shall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he might otherwise be entitled for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel, and shall be subject to such Fine or other Punishment an shall be established in that Behalf by the Rules and Regulations of the Corporation or Society to which such Pilot shall belong.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That every licensed Pilot who shall take Charge of and condu# any Ship or Vessel into or out of Ramsgate Harbour, or into or out of Dover, Sandwich or Margate9 shall be entitled to and shall receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draught of Water of the Ship or Vessel so piloted and conducted by him into or out of any such Harbour, if such Ship or Vessel shall have been so piloted and condu#ed into or out of the fame in moderate Weather, but if under any Circumstances of Distress, then such Pilot shall be entitled to such further Sum of Money, to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumstances of such Distress, as the Commissioners of Salvage, established under the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, shall, upon Application either of the Pilot, or Owner or Master of any such Ship or Vessel, upon enquiring into all such circumstances, dire#; and such Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, upon any such Application made, to enquire into all such circumstances, and to determine the Aniount of the Sum so to be paid for the Pilotage of any such Ship or Vessel into the said Harbours respectively: Provided always, that on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel, and as soon as she.

46 shall

A.D. 1811. 5i6 GEORGII III. C. 39.

shall be moored in any of the said Harbours, it shall be lawful for the Pilot to demand the Pilotage due to him

as aforesaid, and to quit the Ship forthwith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, and they are hereby required to appoint from time to time (as often and for such Periods as they in their Discretion shall think fit) proper and competent Persons at such Ports or Places in England as they may think requisite (except within the Liberty of the Cinque Ports, and all such other Ports and Places within or for which Provision (had have been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots), not to exceed Five nor less than three Persons at each Port or Place for which any such Appointment shall be made, which Persons so to be appointed shall be called Sub Commissioners of Pilotage, and shall take the Oath in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (D.) for the faithful Discharge of their Duty; and such Persons so to be appointed shall and they are hereby authorized (so long as their respective Appointments shall not be revoked or superseded, by the Appointment of other Persons in their Places) to examine into the Qualification of Persons to act as Pilots for such respective Ports and Places, and the adjoining Coasts, specified in their respective Appointments as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, upon their receiving a satisfactory Certificate, under the Hands of any Three of the Persons so to be appointed, where the whole Number of any Port or Place shall consist of Four or Five, and by any Two where the whole Number shall consist of Three, that the Person examined as aforesaid is duly qualified to act for such Port or Ports, and the adjoining Coasts, to give a Licence to such Person to act as a Pilot within the particular Limits (d?fcrihing the fame) for which he shall have passed such Examination; which Licence shall be granted in the First Instance for One Year, and shall afterwards, from Year to Year, be subject to Renewal and Confirmation, or otherwise, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House: Provided always, that such Sub Commissioners as have been already appointed under ihe Authority of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, shall continue to act in the same manner as if they were appointed under this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporation of the Trinity House of the Ports of Hull and Newcastle respectively, to appoint Sub Commissioners of Pilotage to examine Pilots and give Licences for Pilots for piloting Ships and Vessels into or out of any Ports, Harbours or Places, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; any thing in this or any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent any Ship or Vessel which shall he brought into any Port or Ports in England by any Pilot duly licensed, from being afterwards removed in such Port or Ports by the Mailer or Mate, or oth* r Person belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, and having the Command thereof, or if in Ballad, by any other Person or Persons appointed by any Owner, or the Mailer, or any Agent of the Owner, for the Purpose of entering into or going out of any Dock, or for changing the Moorings of such Ship or Vessel.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud shall have licensed Pilots for any particular Port or Ports, and the respective Coasts near the same as aforesaid, they shall cause Notice of such A ppointment to be published, by fixing up such Notice in Writing at the Trinity House, and at tin; Custom Hriufe in London, and also at the respective Custom Houses of the Ports for which, and the Coasts near the fame, such Appointment shall be made; and shall also, afterwards, cause such Notice to be published in the London Gazette, and in One or more Newspapers circulated in that Part of the Country where the Ports shall respectively be situated, which Publication in the London Gazette shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the Notice having been given; and from and after a time or times to be limited in the said Notices, which shall not in any case, or in relation to any Ships or Vessels whatever, be less than Six Weeks from the Publication thereof as aforesaid, and shall be proportionably more, at the Discretion of the said Corporation, in relation to Ships and Vessels engaged in Foreign Voyages at the time of such Publication, all Ships and Vessels failing, navigating or passing into or out of the said respective Ports, or upon the Coasts thereof, shall be coudufted and piloted by such Pilots only as shall be so licensed as aforesaid, and by no other Pilots whomsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, Th: t if any Person suspended, or adjudged to have forfeited his Licence as a Pilot, shall, during the Time of such Suspension, or after such Adjudication, take upon himself to conduct any Shin or Vessel, except in cases of Distrtfs, and in cases where no licensed Pilots can be found, such Person shall he liable to all such Penalties, to be recovered and applied in like Manner and Form as are provided by this Act against any Person who shall conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel without ever having been licensed as a Pilot.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot who shall be suspended, or adjudged to have forfeited his Licence, and every Person who, having complained of any such Pilot, shall be aiflatisfied with the Adjudication made upon the Matter of such Complaint by the Corporation, Society or Persons who shall have Cognizance of such Complaint, may appeal to His Majesty's Privy Council, who shall thereupon hear the Appeal, and confirm or annul any former Determination or Adjudication in the Premises, or at their Discretion make any particular and special Order relating thereto, and to the Matter of such Appeal, as the case may require.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of ary Ship or Vessel, or Configure of Goods, be prevented from recovering any Loss or Damage upon any Contract of Insurance of the fame, or upon any other Contract relating to any Ship or Vessel, or any Cargo on board the fame, by reason of no Pilot being on board of any such Ship or Vessel, unless it shall be proved that the Want of a Pilot shall have

arisen

719

Trinity House of Deptford shall appoint Sub Commissioners of Pilot.ige to examine Persons to act as Pilots.

On Certificate of being qualified, may grant Licences.

Sub Commissioners already appointed to continue.

Trinity Houses of Hull and Newcastle may appoint Sul> Commissioners, &c.

Ships brought into Port by Pilots, may be removed by MafKr, &c. for certain Purposes.

Notice of Appointment of Pilots fixed up at Trinity House, &c. after which no other Pilot shall act.

Pilots suspended or dei rived of Licence, a cling.

[Penalty.]

Pilots so fuf-pendtd, Sec,

Appeal

Owners or Masters of Ships not

answeral lc for Loss, not Con-signeesprevented from recovering

insurance, for want of Pilots, &c.

Owners not

liable f* r more than Value of Ship and Freight.

Provilb for Ships of His Majesty; and for Vessels not exceeding 60 Tons.

Owners not liable: for Loss arding from In-comjiefency if Pilots, (<c.

Remedy by Civil Action.

Proviso f 'r Pi'tris; having fenarate Jurisdiction;

and for Mailers, kc- rcHding at Dover, kc piloting their own

Ships.

Licensed Pilots may fupeifede unlicet fed ones. Matter* coition* rn«r itnKceuled Pilots, Sec.

[Penalty.]

Trinity House of Deptford to establish Rates of Pilotage, which shall be hung up at Custom Houses.

Majority of Pilots or Owners of Ships, dif-satisfied with the Rates. Appeal.

C. 39. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

arifon from any Refusal to take a Pilot on board, or from the wilful Neglect of the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel, in not heaving to or using all practicable means confidently with the Safety of the Vessel, for the Purpose of taking on board any Pilot who dull be ready and offer to take Charge of such Ship or Vessel.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner of any such Ship or Vessel shall he liable, in any such case, for any Loss or Damage beyond the Value of such Ship or Vessel and her Appurtenances, and the Freight due or to grow due for and during such Voyage wherein such Loss or Damage may happen or atife.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successora, as to their being compelled to take Pilots oh board.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Clauses, Provisoes, Penalties or Regulations of this Act, shall extern!, or be construed to extend, to any Vessel not exceeding the Burthen of Sixty Tons, having British Registers, nor to any Master or Owner of any such Vessel in respect thereof, or of the navigating of the fame in any Channel, River, Port or Place whatever.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel shall be answerable for any Loss or Damage, nor shall any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, or Consignefc of Goods, be prevented from recovering any Loss or Damage upon any Contract of insurance of the fame, or upon any other Contract relating to any Ship or Vessel, or any Cargo on board the fame, for or by reason or means of any Neglect, Default, Incompetency or Incapacity of any Pilot taken on board of any such Ship or Vessel, under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to deprive at y Persons of any Remedy, by Civil Action against Pilots or other Persons, which they might have had if this Act had not been parted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the taking away, abridging, defeating, impeaching or interrupting of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises or Privileges heretofore granted by any Charters or Acts of Parliament to the Pilots of the Trinity House of the Town of Kingston tison Hull, or the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, or to give any Authority to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, within any Ports or Districts having separate Jurisdicti.vns in Matters of Pilotage, under any Act of Parliament or Charter; or to alter or repeal any Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pilots of any Ports or Districts in relation to which Provisions shall have been made in any Act or Acts of Parliament, as to Pilots or Pilotage, or the Pilotage within the Limits prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Pilotage for such Ports, or to the Burthen of Vessels navigating to or from such Ports.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Master or Mate of any Ship or Vessel, or Owner or Part Owner, residing at Dovert Deal or the Isle of Thanet, from conducting or piloting his own Ship or Vessel up or down the Rivers 7'bamei or Medway, or into or out of any Port or Place within the JuriLiiftion of the Cinque Ports.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Pilot to super-fedc any Person not licensed as a Pilot in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits of his Licence s And every Master of any Ship or Vessel who shall continue to act himself as a Pilot, or who shall continue any unlicensed Person, or any licensed Person acting out of the Limits for which he is qualified as a Pilot, after any Pilot licensed to act within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall then actually be shall have offered to take Charge of the Ship or Vesselj and every Person assuming or continuing in the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel without being duly licensed to act within the Limits in which such Ship or Vessel shall actually be, after any Pilot duly licensed and qualified to act in the Premises shall have offered to take charge of such Ship or Vessel; shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they are hereby authorized and required to establish, vary and alter, from time to time as circumstances shall render the fame necessary, regular Rates of Pilotage in relation to all Pilotage performed in any River, Port or Place, or upon any Coast whatever, by any Pilot or Pilots who shall be licensed by the said Corporation, upon their receiving Certificates of Examination from any Sub Commissioners of Pilotage hereby directed to be appointed; which Rates shall be regulated by and proportioned as well to the Size and Draught of Water of the Vessels, as to the Distance piloted, the Detention and Responsibility of the Pilot, and such other circumstances as the said Corporation may think fit to take into Consideration in fixing and establishing such Rates; of which Establishment or Alterations of Rates of Pilotage, Notice shall be given by hanging up printed Tables thereof, corrected from time to time as Variations therein shall be made, at the several Cullorn Houses at the Ports to which the said Rates shall apply.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the major Part in Number of the Pilots who shall be licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, for any particular Port or Place, in consequence of their receiving Certificates of Examinations as aforesaid, shall be dissatisfied with the Rates so established or altered, or in case any Owners of Ships or Vessels, interested in any such Rates, shall be diffntisfied with such respective Rates, it shall be lawful for such Parties respectively to appeal to the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council; and it shall be lawful for any Committee of such Privy Council, calling to their Assistance any such Persons as they may think fit, to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal or Appeals, and to settle, alter and regulate such Rates as to them shall appear to be expe-

3 dient,

A.D. 181 2*

52° GEORGII III.

C. 39. 731

dient, in case the Matter of such Appeal shall in the Discretion of the said Committee of Privy Council appear to require the making any Orders therein.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons licensed to act as Pilots, or in Pilot Vessels, by the Trinity House said Corporation of Trinity House, by virtue of this Act, shall from time to time and at all times hereafter be ay "k ye-subject to the Regulation and Government of the Mailer, Wardens and A Aidants of the said Corporation, who are hereby authorized and empowered, as well for insuring the good Conduct and condant Attendance of such breach of them. Pilots upon their Duty, as for enforcing the general Purposes of this Act, from time to time to make and frame all such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Oniinances, as they shall think fit, therein specifying and directing also what annual or other Sums shall be paid by any such Pilots to the Sub Commissioners of Pilotage, for the Examination of such Pilots, and for granting and renewing or confirming their Licences from time to time; and it shall be lawful for the said Matter, Wardens and Awstants of the said Corporation respectively, to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, when made, as to them shall seem expedient in that Behalf, and from time to time to annul, alter and amend, all or any of the exiding Bye-Laws, and to make such other and new Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, as they shall think proper, so as such Bye-Laws, Rules, Regulations and Ordinances, be made conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall not be repugnant to the Laws of this Realm: Provided always, that no Bye-Laws hereafter shall have Force or Effect before they shall have been Bye-Laws to be examined, fandioned and approved by the Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or by the

Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, the San&ion and Approbation of either of which orc!p °* Chief Justices shall be verified under his Hand and Seal; and all and every such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, when so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be observed and kept, and put in Execution, and have the fame Force and Effect and Operation, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame were respectively enabled by this Act.

XXXVIII. And, in order that all such Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, may be previously examined by Copies of pro-the Parties interested therein, be it further enacted, That Copies oFill such proposed Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations, shall be transmitted to His Majesty's Privy Council, and to the Commissioners of Customs in pri^Council London, Three Calendar Mouths before the same shall be submitted to such Chief Justice as aforesaid; and the and Commis-Commissioners of the Cuiloms are hereby required upon the Receipt of such Copies, to cause the same to be fioners of Cuf-printed and hung up, as soon as the fame can be done, in the several Cullom Houses of the principal Ports in t0fnf*

Great Britain, to be open to the Inspection of all Persons interested therein at all seasonable times 5 and Notice Copies hung up. shall be given in the Gazette, of such Bye-Laws being so hung up for Inspection as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Copies of such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Ordinances, Copies of Bye-as shall be so made and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be printed, and shall be hung up in some public or con- J confirmed, fpicuous Place in the several Custom Houses of the Ports in England within the Limits for which the Pilots hung of# respectively shall be licensed $ and also at the Trinity House in London.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall apply for a Licence to act as a Pilot by Persons applying virtue of this Act, shall, before any Licence mall be granted to him, execute a Bond in a penal Sum, at the for Licenses to Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, or the Society or Fellowship of Pilots 5xeob!^°°d td of Dover, Deal and the lfe of Thanet, in an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be paid to the pJe_L*w*.DCe said Corporation or Society, their Successors and Assigns, with a Cdndition subjoined thereto for better securing the due Obedience of such Pilot to the Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations and Ordinances made in pursuance of the said Act, or which shall be made and framed pursuant to this Act; which Bond shall be capable of being given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, without being stamped according to the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties: Provided always, that all Bonds given by Pilots under any former Act, shall continue in force and be deemed to be given under this Act, unleU new Bonds (haQ in any case be required by the said Corporation or Society respectively, in which case new Bonds shall be given.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Bye-Laws, Rules, Regulations and Order* made under the said recited Bye-Laws,

Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, and in force under the fame at the time of the passing of this Act, shall under forme? remain and continue in full Force until the same shall be annulled or allowed tinder this Act, or other Bye- to remam*

Laws, Rules and Regulations shall be made under this Act in lieu thereof; and shall be and are hereby declared to be good and valid Bye-Laws, Rules and Regulations and Orders, under this Act, as fully as if they had been made under the Authority of the same; any thing hereinbefore or in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Person commanding any Ship or Vessel bound to Mailers of the River Thames, and which shall repair to Slandgate Creek for the Performance of Quarantine, shall pay the* full Charges of Pilotage up to Gravesend or Standgate Creek or other Place appointed for the Performance of irin to Stand-"Quarantine; and every Pildt conducting any such Vessel to Standgate Creek, shall be entitled to Eight Shil- gate Creek to lings per Diem, for the Days he shall be obliged to femain on Quarantine. pay full Charge*

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Rivers of Pilotage, Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Standgate Creek before such Ship or Vessel shall have 3^ j?tMaud- arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the Rivers Thames or Medway respectively, gate CreeVbe- without the Consent of the Captain or other Person having the Command thereof, unless some other duly fore Arrival, qualified Pilot shall cotne on board, and shall take the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel for the Residue of the Pilotage to be performed, every such Pilot shall forfeit, for every such Offence, all Pay or Regard to which he might be entitled for having conducted or piloted such Ship or Vessel to Standgate Creek, and Penahyi shall also be fubied to such other Penalty or Punishment as by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or 52 Geo. III. $ A of

J2*

tVfcnptrn of IMot incKu feJ mn Licence,

Pi!r>r< keepirg I' bite Houses, &c. or offending asTinil the Revenue La'Vif5tc.

Punishment*

Pilot a»lPng before or until Licence re. iilcred; or without having Licence in Cullod), &c.

[Penalty.]

l)e.ith of Pilot, Licence returned to Cor-|»oration.

Penalty,

Corporations authorized to liceufe VcliUs for having Pilots in Attendance Jit Sea, &c.

Now Pilot Coats fitted.

Maine and Number of principal Pilot painted thereon.

Penakf.

C. 39. j2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

of the Rules and Regulations to be established in pursuance hereof, any Pilots shall be liable to for quitting a Ship or Vessel before (he shall arrive at her Place of Destination.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That a particular Description of the Person of every Pilot shall be written in or upon, or indorsed 011 the Back of his Licence; and every Captain or Matter, or other Person having the Command of a Ship or Vessel, on receiving a Pilot on board, shall inspect his Licence; and if he shall have Reason to think that such Pilot is not the Person to whom the Licence was granted, such Captain or Matter, or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required forthwith to trausmit a Copy of such Licence to the Corporation or Persons by whom such Licence shall have been granted, dating the Date thereof, together with such Account and Description of the Person producing such Licence or Warrant, as may lead to the Discovery of the Offender.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, shall keep or be concerned in keeping, either by himself or any Agent or Servant or other Person, or shall in any way be interested in the keeping of any Public House or Tavern, or Place of public Entertainment, or in the felling of any Wine or Spirituous Liquors, or Tobacco or Tea, (unless such Pilot shall have kept or been concerned or interested in the fame before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall be duly authorized, by the Corporation or Authority under which such Pilot shall act, to continue in such Business or Employment) 5 or if any Pilot licensed as aforesaid shall beconvifted of any Offence against any Law or Laws relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or shall be concerned in or shall wilfully connive at any indirect Practices or Frauds against the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or shall procure, abet, connive at or participate in any Destruction, Spoil, Concealment, Fraud, Exaction or corrupt Practice, relating to Ships or Vessels, or Persons in Distress at Sea or by Shipwreck, or relating to the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels, or relating to the Crew or Passengers belonging thereto, or the Monies, Goods or Chattels of any of them, then and in every such case every Pilot shall (over and above all other Punishments, Mulcls and Penalties, for such Offences) be dismissed from being a Pilot, or shall be suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corportaion or other Authority from which such Pilot's Licence was derived.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall take Charge of any Vessel, or in any manner aft as a Pilot, or receive any Compensation for acting as a Pilot, unless he shall he authorized thereto by some lawful Licence, nor until such Licence shall have been registered by the principal Officers of the Custom House of the Place at or neared to which such Pilot shall reside, (which Officers are hereby required to register the fame without Fee or Reward), nor without having his Licence at the time of his so acting in his Personal Custody, ready to be produced, and which he shall actually produce to the Matter of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person who shall be desirous of employing him as a Pilot 5 nor shall any Person, although duly licensed to act as a Pilot, aft in that Capacity out of or beyond the Limits expressed in his Licence, or beyond the Extent of his Qualification therein expressed, unless in the Cases in this Act specified, of Pilots of a lower Class acting in the Absence of Pilots of higher Classes; on Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, for the First Offence, and for any Second or subsequent Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That on the Death of any Pilot, his Executors and Administrators, or One of them, or the Person or Persons to whose Hands the Licence of such deceased Pilot shall come, shall, without wilful Delay, transmit such Licence to the Corporation, Company or Persons by whom such Licence was granted, on Pam of forfeiting for any Neglect therein, or for Refusal to deliver the fame when lawfully demanded, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House of Hertford Strondf and also for the said Society of Fellowship of Pilots of Dover, Deal and the Isle of Thanet, and also for all other Corpotate Bodies or other Persons having lawful Authority to appoint Pilots within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to license Vessels of such Size and Description as shall appear to them to be proper for the Purpose of having Pilots constantly in Attendance in such Vessels at Sea 5 and for the better Support of such Pilot Vessels, it mall be lawful for any Number of Pilots licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise lawfully licensed, with the Consent of the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots have been or shall be appointed as aforesaid, to constitute a Joint Stock Company or Companies, for the providing and maintaining of such Pilot Vessels; which Companies, and the said Vessels, shall at all times be subject to such Rules and Regulations as shall from time to time be sanctioned and approved tn that Behalf by the said Corporate Bodies, or Persons by whom respectively such Pilots shall respectively have been licensed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot Boat or Vessel, or other Boat or Vessel in the Pilot Service of any Corporation or Society established by Law in relation to Pilotage, or of any Persons authorized to act as a Pilot by such Corporation or Society, shall at all times and on every Station, be fitted with Black Sides, and have the upper Strake next the Gunwale painted White, and shall, while afloat, carry a Vane at the Matt Head, or else a Flag on a Sprit or Staff, or in some other equally conspicuous Situation; which Vane or Flag shall be of large Dimensions, proportioned to the Size of the Boat or Vessel carrying the fame, and shall be Half Red and Half White, in horizontal Stripes, of which the uppermost shall be White; and the same shall at all times be kept and preserved in a chan and distinct Condition, so as to be easily difeemed at a proper and sufficient Distance; and every such Boat or Vessel shall also have the Name of the principal Pilot thereof for the time being, painted in broad White Letters, of Three Inches in Length, on a Black Ground on her Stem, and on each Bow' such Number as shall be expressed in the Licence of such principal Pilot; which Name and Numbers shall not be hid or concealed by any Person, at any time, 011 Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty

5 Pounds

721

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 39.

Pounds for such Omission or Evasion, to be paid by such principal Pilot, who shall at all times be answerable for the due Observance of the Matters aforesaid, by every Person on board such Boat or Vessel; and every other Boat not in the Service of any Corporation or Society, carrying off a Pilot, shall exhibit a similar Flag on a Sprit or Mad, to distinguish that (he has a Pilot on board.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel, not having a licensed Pilot on board, shall, without lawful Authority, carry such distinguishing Vane or Flag as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners, or the Master or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel, displaying or carrying any such Vane or Flag, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot licensed by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, who shall, when disengaged, or on any frivolous Pretexts, decline to take Charge of any Ship or Vessel, unless such Cause shall be shewn by the Pilot as shall justify his not taking Charge of the Ship; or who shall decline, on being required by any Captain of any of His Majesty's Ships, or by any Officer of the Society or Fellowship to which such Pilot shall belong, or the Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to come on board of any Ship or Vessel; or who shall decline, when required by any Commissioned Officer in His Majesty's Navy, or by any principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or by any Person or Persons interested as Principal or Agent for or on Behalf of any Ship or Vessel wanting a Pilot, to go off to and take Charge of any Ship or Vessel, when it shall be safe so to do; or who (hdllcxa& or demand or bargain for any greater Fee or Reward, or any greater Price or Hire for Pilotage, than such as are or shall be allowed by such Rates or Rules as are or shall hereafter be legally established in that Behalf; or who shall in any wise delay going on board any such Ship or Vessel, or taking Charge thereof when on board or alongside thereof 5 or who shall quit any such Ship or Vessel, or decline the piloting thereof after he has been engaged or after going alongside thereof, without Leave of the Captain of any of His Majesty's Ships, or of the Owner, Master, Captain or Person having the chief Command of any Ship or Vessel, or before the Service shall have been performed for which he was hired; or shall by Drunkenness render himself incapable of conducing any Ship or Vessel, or shall negligently or wilfully run any Vessel on Shore, or lose the fame, or do any Injury to the fame or to the Tackle or Furniture thereof; or who shall lend his Licence to any unlicensed Person, to enable or assist him towards acting or claiming to a & as a licensed Pilot 5 shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall be liable to be dismissed from being, or suspended from acting as a Pilot, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or at the Discretion of fuclr other Corporate Body9 or Person or Persons, by whom such Pilot was licensed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot, licensed by virtue of this A£, shall employ or make use of, or shall compel or require any Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel, so employ or make use of any Boat, Anchor, Cable, Hawser or any other Matter or Thing, in or for the Service or pretended Service of such Ship or Vessel, beyond what shall actually and bona fide be necessary and proper for the Use thereof, with Intent thereby to enhance or increase the Charge or Expense of Pilotage or Pilot Assistance of such Ship or Vessel, whether for the Gain and Emolument of such Pilot, or for the Gain or Emolument of any other Person or Persons whomsoever; then and in every such case the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, and shall also be liable to be deprived of his Licence, or to be suspended from acting as a Pilot for a limited time, at the Discretion of the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strondy or other Authority by which he is or shall be licensed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person licensed to a£ as a Pilot by virtue of this Act, or otherwise duly licensed, or any Person not being a Pilot, but acting under pretext or colour of Pilotage, shall wilfully and knowingly conaudt, lead, decoy or betray any Ship or Vessel into Danger, in any manner not already provided against by any Statute or Statutes; or shall unnecessarily or improperly cut any Cable or Cables of or belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or cause or procure the same to be cut unnecessarily and improperly; or if any such Person shall, by wilful Misrepresentation of any Circumstances upon which the* Safety of any Ship or Vessel shall appear materially to depend, for the time being, obtain or endeavour to obtain the Charge and Conduct of any such Ship or Vessel; then and in every such case the Person so offending, or who shall aid in, procure, abet or connive at the committing of any such Offence or Offences, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds 5 and in case the Person so offending shall be a Pilot, he shall be either dismissed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such for a limited period, at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such licensced Pilot Vessel or Boat shall run before any Ship or Vessel not having a licensed Pilot on board, for the Purpose of directing the Course of such Ship or Vessel, until a Pilot can be put on board, the Pilot on board such Pilot Vessel, or the Person having Charge of her, shall be entitled to the full Pilotage, for the Distance run, until a duly licensed Pilot shall be put on board, as if such Person had been actually on board such Ship and had the Charge of her a Pilot.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Pilot shall be taken to Sea by the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty*6 Ships, or by any Master of any Ship or Vessel in the Merchant Service, without his free £onfent, except in case of absolute and unavoidable Necessity, and in such case every Pilot so taken to Sea shall have and receive Ten Shillings and six Pence ptr Diem, until he shall be returned to the Port or Place where he was taken on board, or until he shall have been discharged from the Ship for a sufficient time to have enabled him to return there,

A a*LV I. And

Carrying dif-

tinguishing Flag, without Pilot. Penalty

Pilots declining to take Charge of Vessel*, or exacting more than allowed Fee, Sec.

Penalty!

Pilot* employing or requiring Mailers to employ Boai, &c. beyond ueceT-fary.

[Penalty.]

Conducing any Vessel into Danger, or un-necessarily cutting Cable*, & c.

[Penalty.]

Pilot Boat running before Vessels not having Pilot on board.

Taking PifotQ Sea.

Pay.

Surplus Rates of Pilotage on Ships not having British Registers, paid to Receivers, and made Fund for Relief of infirm Pilots.

Account thereof laid before Parliament.

How Pilotage of Ships not Foreign recovered.

Now Pilotage of

Foreign Shi^ s recovered.

Consignees of Foreign Ships may retain Pilotage.

Matters of Vessels piloted by any other than licensed Pilot.

Penalty;

Iiception.

[Proviso.]

Reporting to Pilots a false Account of Draught, Jcc. of Vessels, &c. Bounty. Penalty.

[Penalty.]

C. 39. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

LVI. And whereas it is expedient that the Surplus Rates of Pilotage, imposed by this Act on Ships not having British Registers, Should be applied for creating a Fund for such Pilots belonging to the Trinity 1 House of Deptford Sfrond, and of the Fellowship of the Cinque Ports, as shall be superannuated; Be it enacted, That all such Excels of Rates as aforesaid, which shall pertain to the Establishment of the Trinity House, shall be paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in that Behalf by the said Corporation, at some Place or Places convenient for the making of such Payment, within the Port of London, and shall be applied by the said Corporation in the manner herein after directed; and if such extra Rates of Pilotage shall pertain to the Establishment of the Cinque Ports, then the same shall be paid to a Receiver or Receivers, to be in that Behalf appointed by the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage, at some convenient Place or Places for the Payment thereof, within the said Port of London, and shall be applied by the said Court in the manner herein after in that Behalf directed 5 that is to say, in both cases to create a Fund for the better Support and Maintenance of such Pilots as shall become incapable of discharging their Duty, from advanced Age, or from any Accident or permanent Infirmity; to be applied and distributed in such manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the Lord Warden and the Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports, shall respectively order and provide; of which» Receipts and Appropriations the said Corporations and Courts respectively shall annually lay an Account before Parliament, within Twenty Days after the Commencement of each Session.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall become due to any licensed Pilot, for Pilotage, shall and may be recovered from the Owners or Mailers of Ships or Vessels, or from the Con-signees or Agents thereof, not being Foreign Ships or Vessels, who shall have paid or made themselves liable to pay any other Charge for the Ship or Vessel in the Port of her Delivery, and shall and may be levied in such. and the like manner, according to the Amount of any such Sums of Money respectively, as any Penalty or Penalties maybe recovered and levied under and by virtue of this Act, Demand thereof being made in Writing, at least Fourteen Days before such Levy.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Consignees or Agents of all Foreign Ships and Vessels, who shall have paid or engaged to pay any Charge whatever in relation to such Ship or Vessel, shall be liable ta the Payment of, and mail pay all Sums for Pilotage due to the Pilot or Pilots who shall have piloted such Ships or Vessels, on Proof being made within Fourteen Days after fudh Pilotage shall have been performed*, on the Oath of such Pilot before any Justice of the Peace, that the fame has not been paid by the Captain of such Ship or Vessel, if Payment thereof shall be demanded from any such Consignee or Consignees within Twenty one Days thereafter; and if any such Sum or Sums which shall so become due, and shall be so demanded as aforesaid, shall not thereupon be paid, then and in such case the Sums of Money so due for Pilotage, shall be recoverable in like mannrf ^s, any Penalty under the Sum of Twenty Pounds may be recovered by virtue of this Act 5 and such Configfttes or Agents of Foreign Ships or Vessels are hereby authorized and empowered to retain in their Hands respectively, out of any Monies which they may have received or shall thereafter receive for or on account of such Foreign Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners thereof, so much as shall be sufficient, to pay and discharge such Pilotage, and any Expences'attending the same.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Matter of every Ship or Vessel which shall be piloted or conducted by any other Person than a duly licensed Pilot, within any Limits for which Pilots have been or shall-be appointed by any lawful Authority, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Sum which would have beea demandable for the Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel, and shall likewise forfeit an additional Penalty of Five Pounds for every Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, if the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as to cales in which Pilots licensed by or under the said Corporation shall be concerned, or the said. Lord Warden for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, as to all cases in which the Cinque Port Pilots shall be concerned* shall think it proper that the Person prosecuting Should be at Liberty to proceed for the Recovery of such additional Penalty, and certify the fame in Writing: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend to subject to Penalties any Matter of any Ship or Vessel (not anchoring within the Limits of any Port or Place for which Pilots are or shall be appointed) who shall act himself asJ Pilot in passing up and down the English Channel or elsewhere, in passing by any Part of the Coast of England in the Course of any Voyage, or within the Limits of the Port or Place to which his Ship belongs, not being a Port or Place in relation to which Provision hath heretofore been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Charter or Charters for the Appointment of Pilots, or who shall employ any Person as a Pilot, or -who shall act himself as such for the Conduct of his Ship or Vessel, in any case where and so long as a duly qualified Pilot shall not offer Assistance or make a Signal for that Purpose: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend or be conftroed to extend to hinder any Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress at any Time or Place, nor shall subject such Persons, or any Matter of any Ship or Vessel employing such Persons, to the Penalties of this Act, in respect of fuel* Assistance given during this Distress of such Ship or Vessel, or in consequence thereof, or under any CirQumstances which shall have rendered it necessary for such Mailer to avail himself of the best Assistance which at the time could be procured 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding*.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Person having the Command or Charge for the time being of any Ship or Vessel, who shall report or he privy or consenting to any other Person's reporting to any Pilot taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, a false Account of the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, in addition to the Payment of the full Rate of Pilotage to the Pilot entitled thereto, double the Amount of such Pilotage; and any Person having the Command or Charge for the time being of any Ship or Vessel, or having any interest. Share or Property therein, who shall fraudu* lently alter any Marks on the Stem or Sternpost thereof, denoting the Draught of Water, or shall be privy to and consenting thereto, shall for any such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXI. And*

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII in C. 39. 725

LXI. Andy in order to prevent or settle Controversies concerning the Draught of Water of Ships and How Contro-Vessels which shall be from time to time on the River Thames (not having British RegistersJ be it further reipett-

enacted, That whenever any Difference about the Draught of Water of any Ship or Vessel shall arise between the Matter or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessid, and any Person who shall have settled.

Piloted the fame into the said River, or who shall be required to pilot the fame therefrom pursuant to the )tre&ion* of this Act, the said Corporation of Trinity House, or some proper Officer or Person appointed by them, shall admeasure the Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, and shall settle and determine the fame between the Parties, upon Application macle by either of them to the said Corporation within Twelve Hours after such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at her Moorings in the River, or before the Cargo thereof shall be begun to be unladen, or before such Ship or Vessel shall quit her Moorings on any outward Voyage; for which Admeasurement the Officer or Person making the same shall be paid One Guinea if the Ship or'Vessel shall be below or in the Pool, and Half a Guinea if above the Pool, by the Person requiring such Admeasurement, or making Application for the same to the said Corporation.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Matter or other Person having the Command for the time Names of Pilots being of any Ship or Vessel required to be piloted according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on coming »nfert<rd i: i into the Port of London, and in making the Entry or Report of his Ship or Vessel inwards, insert or cause ^o Port

to be inserted in such Entry or Report, the Name of the Pilot or Pilots employed or engaged by him or by of London° and the Owner of such Ship or Vessel to pilot the fame into the said Port of London; and which Insertion shall repo ted to Tribe made (without Fee or Reward) by the proper Officer of the Customs in the said Entry or Report, who nitv House. shall also report the same to* the Corooration of the Trinity House monthly; and also that the Principal ports of

Searcher or Clearing Officer of the Customs at Gravesend shall demand and take the Name or Names of the ^rd, learU1* 3?ilot or Pilots of all Ships or Vessels clearing outwards from the Port of London, and shall transmit Monthly war*'

Lilts of such Names to the said Corporation of the Trinity House, on Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds* to he paid by every Person who shall neglect to comply with the Penalty, foregoing Regulations respectively*

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter of every Ship or Vessel, not having a British Register, Mailers of So. who (Hall not furnish or give the Name of the Pilot or Pilots who shall have been employed to pilot his Ship^me of

or Vessel into the Port of London, shall be deemed to have failed and been navigated into the said Port with- p^ts deemed to

out a P'lot, and shall be liable to pay the same or the like Pilotage for such his Ship or Vessel, for and in have laiied with, respect of the Distance which he shall or may have navigated and (ailed up the River Thames, or the Channels oiitono.indflwH leading thereto without a Pilot, as he would have been liable to pay if a Pilot had been employed by him; Pay Pd<*a*t and the same shall be paid to the Collector appointed by the Corporation of Trinity House, and shall go toward the Fund by this Act established in relation to the Surplus Rates of Pilotage: Provided nevertheless, that in all cases where due Proof shall be made to the Corporation of the Trinity House, at any time within Three Months after any such Payment, that a Pilot was in any such case regularly and duly employed and paid, then and in any such case the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been to paid, shall be returned to the Person or Persons who shall have paid the fame, or any other Person or Persons by him or them duly authorized and empowered to receive the same.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That Lists of the Christian and Surname*, Ages and Places of Refulence, Lift of Pilots of all Pilots in England, shall, with the Dates of their Appointments, on or before the Thirty first Day of transmitted to December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be transmitted to the Corporation of Trinity House of j H<*jf* Deptford Strondy at their Court House in London, dist the Limits' within which such Pilots are 2"ne^fn appointed to act respectively, and thenceforward from time to time as each Appointment of a Pilot shall take r^nr place, and also Duplicates of such Lifts to the Commissioner* of the Customs in England, annexing to the Xifts to be transmitted to the Trinity House, the Rates of Pilotage, and also dating the Rules and Regulations made and established if) relation to such Pilots, in case such Rules and Regulations shall have been made by any other Authority than by Act of Parliament, or by the said Corooration of Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and the fame, when so completed, shall be transmitted as aforesaid by the respective Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Persons authorized to appoint Pilot* in any of the Ports* Harbours or Rivers, or on any of the Coasts of England, by whom such Pilots shall have been appointed respectively; and the said Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Persons authorized to appoint Pilots as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to transmit to the said Corporation of Trinity House, at their said Court House in London» annually, on the Thirty first Day of December, or within One Calendar Month afterwards, a List corrected up to the said Thirty first Day of December annually, of the Names and Residences of the Pilots within their several Jurisdictions, and dating such Alterations as may have been made (if any) in the Rules and Regulations for governing Pilots within their respective Districts.

LXV. And whereas by Two Acts passed in the Forty fifth and Forty sixth Year of His present Ma- 45 G.j. c. 10.

jetty, for the more effectual Performance of Quarantine, Pilots are required, on going on board Ships arriving § ff from Foreign Parts, in certain cases, to give Information to the Commanders thereof respecting Proplama-*3*

tions and Orders in Council relative to the Performance of Quarantine, which render* it necessary that Notice

4 of such Proclamations and Orders which may have been issued susbequent to the Departure from England of c 4 such Ships, should be previously communicated to all Pilots throughout England/ Be it further enacted,

That the said Commissioners of the Customs shall, within One Month, from the Thirty first Day of December transmit toprin. One thousand eight hundred and twelve, transmit to the principal Officer* of the Revenue under their Manage- cipal Officers at ment at the several Ports in England, the Names and Places of Residence of such Pilots, in the Lifts so trans- several Ports in routed to them, as shall reside within the Limits of each Port respectively, and so from thenceforward the Name of each Pilot.af whose Nomination they shall receive Notice from the proper Authority, in order that the fain w^i|| re"

principal 1

726 C-39-

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

All A£h relating to Regulation of Pilots

48 G. 3. c. 104.

Preservation of Beacons, 8 £liz. c. 13.

Riding by, &c. «ny Beacon.

[Penalty.]

39 O.3. c.Uix. f 80.

Limits of each principal Officers at the several Ports may be enabled to communicate to every Pilot within the Limits of the Port* Port9 respectively all Proclamations or Orders in Council respecting the Performance of Quarantine by Ships

arriving from infected Places, which the said Officers are hereby required to do.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Adsof Parliament, and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in any Ad which in any manner relate to the Regu-extended to Act lation of Pilots or Pilotage within any River, Port or Harbour, or within any local Limits specifiedin any such Ad, Clause or Provision, and in which any Reference is made to the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or in any manner apply thereto, or vary or alter any of the Provisions thereof as to Pilots or Pilotage within any such Limits, shall continue in full Force, notwithstanding the Repeal of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, and be deemed to refer and apply to this Act, and shall be so confirmed as if the fame were particularly referred to in this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth) or any other Act or Acts made and in force for the Preservation of Beacons and Sea Marks, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Vessels duly appointed to exhibit Lights therein for the Preservation of Ships and Vessels at Sea, and to all Persons removing, injuring or destroying such Vessels or Lights 5 which Offences may be laid and tried in any County in England.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ride by, make fad to, or remove, or wilfully or negligently run down or run foul of any Vessel appointed or placed to exhibit Lights, or any Buoy or Beacon belonging to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or belonging to or placed by any other Corporation having lawful Authority to place the fame, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sura not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, together with the Expence of replacing or making good any Damage occasioned by such Misconduct.

LXIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendt ring more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, the DockMaster or Dock Matters appointed by the West India Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said Act, have

full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of all Ships and other

Vessels, Lighters and Craft, as shall be within the Distance of Two hundred Yards from any Entrance out of the said River there into the Works of the said Company, as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of or from the same: And whereas the Powers given to the said Dock

Matter or Dock Matters, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, have not been found sufficient to

enable him and them to enforce Obedience to his and their Orders and Directions to Pilots having the Charge 1 or Direction of navigating Ships and Vessels within the aforesaid Distance of Two hundred Yards of the respective Entrances into the said Docks from the River Thames f Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Pilot or Pilots having the Charge or Direction of navigating any Ship or Vessel within the aforesaid Distance of Two hundred Yards from the respective Entrances into the said Docks from the River Thames, and either intended to go into, or having recently come out of the Docks, Basons, or other Works of the said Company, shall neglect or refuse to obey such Orders or Directions as shall or may from time to time be given to such Pilot or Pilots, by the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, under and by urtue of and agreeably to the Powers vetted in him and them by the said recited Act, touching or relating to the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of such Ships or Vessels so being under the Charge or Direction of such Pilot or Pilots as aforesaid; then and in every such case every Pilot so offending, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds: and every such Pilot shall be liable to be dismissed from being a Pilot, or suspended from acting as such, at the Discretion of the Corporation or other Authority by whom such Pilot was licensed.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and the Court of Loadmanage of the Cinque Ports, and all other Corporations for managing or directing Pilots in any Part of England', under the Authority of any Act of Parliament or Charter, shall annually, within one Month after the First Day of January in every Year, transmit to the Office of the Receiver of the Sixpenny Duty in the Port of London, a List of all the Vessels of every Description employed by them or by Persons under their Authority for the Purposes of Pilotage, with the Number of Men and Boys belonging to or serving in any such Vessel.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, which are by this Act f>ot exceeding imposed, or which shall be imposed by any Bye-Law made under the Authority thereof, the manner of levying

wmyPomids whereof is not herein otherwise expressly directed, which shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or in respect of

e'which the Party prosecuting shall proceed for any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, which in all cases it shall be lawful for him to do, with the Consent of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or of the said Lord Warden for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, in the cases in this Act before mentioned, notwithstanding a greater Penalty might otherwise be recoverable, may be levied and recovered within Six Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed, or within such other time as is herein after in that Behalf directed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Division or Place, where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; or if committed by any Pilot, before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the City, Town or Port, to which such Pilot shall belong 5 or if committed by any Owner or Matter of any Ship or Vessel, by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, City, Town or Port, at which such Owner or Matter shall reside, or to which the Ship of such Owner or Matter shall

belong 5 or if committed by any Pilot of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or of the Cinque Ports, or by

/my other Person, on any Part of the Sea from Orfordness to the ftjouth of the River Thames, or from Dunge-

tiefs.

Plots not obeying Orders of Dock Mailer of West India Dock Company.

[Penalty.]

Lift of Pilot Vessels and Number of Hands transmitted to Receiver of Sixpenny Duty in London.

How Penalties not exceeding Twenty Po ^covered.

A.D. 1812.

5a* GEORGII III.

C. 39.

727

nefiy to the Mouth of the River Thames» or upon the Rivers Thames or Medway, then by any Justice of the Peace of the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Essex or Middlesex, or by any Magistrate of the City of London; and such Justice and Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to .him or them made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time or Place in such Warrant specified 5 and if on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, on his, her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justice9 is and are hereby empowered to administer), such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City or Place, where such Offender shall be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Twenty one Days, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act imposed for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or in which the lowest Penalty being less than Twenty Pounds, a greater Sum may be awarded than Twenty Pounds, and in which the Party prosecuting such Offence shall, with the Consent of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or of the said Lord Warden for the time being, or his Lieutenant for the time being, in the cases in this Act before mentioned, proceed for any greater Sum than Twenty Pounds, shall and may be recovered, with full Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences (shall be committed, or within such other time as is herein after in that Behalf directed; and in any such case or cases it shall be lawful to sue for the full Penalty or Penalties, and it shall also be lawful for the Jury giving the Verdict, to award any Sum, not less than the Sum specified as the lowest Penalty, nor greater than the Sum specified as the highest Penalty, for the Offence for which the Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, is or shall be brought: Provided always, that in case the said respective Periods of Six Calendar Months, and Twelve Calendar Months, or either of them, within which Fines, Penaltes or Forfeitures, are to be sued for as aforesaid, shall in any case or cases elapse and run out before any Prosecution hereby authorized and directed shall have been commenced for the Recovery of such Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures; and if it shall in manner herein after mentioned be made to appear, as soon after as the Circumstances of the case shall reasonably admit, that the Commencement of the Prosecution has been delayed by the Reafou of the Absence of any Party or Parties, whether offending or complaining, or by the Absence of any necessary Witness or Witnesses; then upon such Circumstances being stated by Affidavit in Writing, made before any Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, it shall thereupon be lawful for any such Judge or Judges to order or authorize the Commencement of such Prosecution within such further time as such Judge shall think fit to limit in that Behalf; and in such case, the Prosecution or Prosecutions so ordered or authorized shall and may be commenced and prosecuted within the time or respective times so limited, in like manner and with the like Effect in all respects as if such Prosecutions had been commenced and prosecuted within the faift respective Periods of Six Months and Twelve Months hereby limited.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to affect or impede the Jurisdiction of the Court of Loadmanage, as far as respects the Pilots appointed under the Authority of the said Court; and provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or impair the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices, before or after any Conviction for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into or reside or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, not within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, into which such Person shall escape, either before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of any Ju : ice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant; and the fame, when so indorsed, shall be sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting the said Warrant; and any Justice or Justices respectively, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, in the same manner as if it had originally arisen within his or their respective Jurisdictions, and may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justice or Justices who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That One Third of all Fines or Penalties to be levied in pursuance of this Act, or under any Bye-Law made in pursuance thereof, by whomsoever incurred, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the fame, and the Remainder of all such Fines or Penalties shall be paid and applied to the Fund of the Trinity House at Deptford Strondy and shall be applied, after defraying, thereout the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, in such manner, and for the like Purposes as the other Funds of the said Corporation are by Law or Usage applicable, in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots licensed by the said Corporation, or by any other Person or Persons, in relation to any Matters wherein such last mentioned Pilots shall be in any wise concerned 5 and in case such Fines or Penalties shall be incurred by Pilots of the Cinque Ports, or by Pilots under any other Jurisdiction or Authority, or by any other Person or Persons in relation to any Matters wherein Pilots shall be in any wise concerned, then the

ImprisonmedC

How Penalties stove Twenty Pounds recovered.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for Court of Load-manage and Court of Admiralty.

Joffice of any County into which an Offender shall escape, may indorse original Warrant, which ll all authorize Peaie Officers to execute it, &c.

Application of Penalties.

Witnesse* not appealing.

House of Correction.

Perjury.

Conviction.

Form.

Certiorari,

Appeal

Notice.

Recognizance.

Cods.

Want of Form. Certiorari,

-Limitation of Actions.

Ceneral Iffite.

[Treble Costs.]

Proviso for City tef London.

C. 39. 52- GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

the remaining Two Thirds of such last mentioned Fines or Penalties shall go to such Fund as hath been or shall be established by the Persons having the Direction of the Cinque Port or other Pilot69 and shall be applied to the Use of such respective Funds, after defraying out of such Funds and Penalties the respective Expences incurred in carrying this Act into Execution.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time by such Summons appointed, having no just Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, on Proof of such Summons having been served, and of a Tender of reasonable Expences having been made to such Person on his being served with such Summons, to issue his or their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being brought before any Justice or Justices, such Person shall refuse to be examined on Oath concerning the Premises, without having some just Cause for such Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person to the House of Correction of the County, City, Division or Place, where any such Person shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Fourteen Days, as any such Justice or Justices shall direct.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, in any Examination upon Oath under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully give false Testimony, or a false Account of the Matter sworn to by him, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame by Indictment, and if duly convicted of false swearing in the Premises, shall be subject and liable to such Punishments, Disqualifications and Disabilities, as any Person would be subject or liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury in any other case by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm.

LXXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, mall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in Words to the like Effect; videlicet

JQE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me [or, us] One [or, Two, as the case

may be} of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the \here specify the Offence, and the Time

1 and Place when and where committed, as the case may be-\ contrary to an Act, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \here insert the Title of this Act} and I [or, we] do 1 adjudge, that he hath therefore forfeited the Sum of there insert the Penalty'}. Given under my Hand and ' Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written?

And no Certiorari, or other Writ or Process for the Removal of any such Conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or granted.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order or Bye-Law made in pursuance thereof, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions holden for the County, City or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against and of the Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices shall> upon due Proof of such Notice having been given and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may cither confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party, as to them shall seem just and reasonable \ and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere \ any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, in every such cale the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place, where the Cause of Action arises, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, then the Jury fhaR find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plantiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

LXXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or take away any Right, Property, Authority or Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of London, or of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in and upon the River Thames aforesaid.

11 L XXXII. Ami

A.D. 18t2, 52° GEORGII III. C. 39.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act* and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being spedally pleaded.

L.XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

5a Gio. Ill*;

5 B

7

Public Act* Act altered, kt.

73° C. 39.

5»* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

SCHEDULES to which SCHEDULE

TABLE of the RATES of^PILOTAGE for piloting Ships from the River to the Downs and Thames to London, and

7 Feetand under. 8 Feet. 9Feet. 10 Feet. i]: Feet. 12 Feet.

£ s. d. £ /. d. £ /. d. £ s. d. £ /. d. £ /. d.

4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 S 10 0 5 0 6 16 0

5 0 0 57 0 64 0 7 10 0 8 5 090 0

5 5 0 6 2 0 6 19 0 7 15 0 8 12 0910 0

5 15 0 6 12 0 '790 8 5 095 0 10 0 0

6 6 0 7 1 0 7 16 0 8 11 0915 0 10 10 0

2 2 0 2 7 0 2 11 0 25 0, 3 5 0 3 12 0

2 10 0 25 0 3 0 0 3 5 0 3 0 4 5 0

3 0 0 3 7 0 3 H 0 4 0 0 4 10 0 4 18 0

30 0 3 ll 0 4 4 0 4 10 0 5 5 0 5 l5 0

0 10 0 0 16 0 1 2 0 1 7 6 1 12 6 i l7 6

1 5 0 1 10 0 1 l5 0 2 0 0 2 8 0 2 18 0

1 10 0 1 17 0 2 4 0 2 10 0 3 0 0 3 10 0

3 0 0 3 4 0 3 7 0 3 10 0 4 0 0 4 10 0

3 10 0 3 »4 0 3 17 0 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0

1 0 0 1 4 0 1 7 0 1 10 0 2 0 0 2 10 0

1 10 0 1 14 0 1 l7 0 2 0 0 2 10 0 3 0 0

3o 0 34 0 3 17 0 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0

4 0 0 4 4 0 4 7 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 10 0

1 0 0 1 4 0 1 7 0 1 10 0 1 12 6 1 15 0

4 0 0 4 4 0 4 7 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 10 0

4 10 0 4 H 0 4 I7 0 5 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 0

FROM

The Sea, Orfordness, the Downs, Hofely < Bay, and vice versa

The Nore or Warp, or thereabouts, and vice versa

I

Gravesend Reach, and vice versa

Longreach, and vice versa

Woolwich or Black-wall, and vice versa

TO

Nore or Warps Gravesend, Chatham, Standgate Creek or Blackftakes Longreach Woolwich or Black wall Moorings or London Docks

Gravesend, Standgate Creek or Blackftakes Longreach or Chatham Woolwich or Blackwall Moorings or London Docks

Longreach ... Woolwich or Blackwall Moorings or London Docks Sheerness or Blackftakes Chatham -

Woolwich or Blackwall Moorings or London Docks Sheerness or Blackftakes Chatham -

Moorings or London Docks Sheerness or Blackftakes Chatham

Ships not having British Registers are to pay One fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than stated in the above

For Half a Foot exceeding the above Draughts of Water For intermediate Distances a proportionate Kate.

For removing a Ship or Vessel from Moorings ' For*Ship under 300 Tons

300 to 600 600 to 1, 000 above 1, 000 -

In the River Thames above Gravesend

For a Boat of a Class carrying an Anchor of above cwt. - - Do.*- with an Anchor above 2 cwt. and

Do. - with an Anchor under 2 cwt. &c.

And for each Man's Service in thoi|

this Act refers*

(A.)

up and down the North Channel, from and to riofeljr Bay 5 or from or off the Entrance of the

to Sea from the Rirer.

13 Feet. 14 Feet. 15 Feet. 16 Feet. 17 Feet. 18 Feet. 19 Feet. 20 Feet. 21 Feet. 22 Feet. 23 Feet and upwards.

£ /. d. £. /. d. £ /. d. £ / d. £ d. £ /. d. £ j. d. £ s. £ j. d. £ /. d. £ /. d.

7 5 0 8 0 0 8 10 0910 0 10 5 0 it 16 0 12 10 04 0 0 l5 10 0 18 0 O 20 0 0

9 >5 0 TO 10 0 11 s 0 j 2 0 0 12 >5 0 x5 6 0 18 .2 0 21 0 03 2 0 2S 4 0 27 6 0

10 j 0 10 17 6 11 15 0 12 10 0 x4 6 6 16 16 0 20 4 0 23 2 0 25 0 0 27 0 O 29 0 0

II 0 0 12 0 0 12 XS 0 13 10 05 8 0 x7 x4 0 21 5 0 24 0 0 27 0 0 3° 0 0 —

II 10 0 12 10 03 10 0 x4 5 0 16 0 0 18 10 0 22 6 0 25 5 0 —

3 18 0 4 2 0 4 10 0 4 18 0 5 10 0 6 6 0 7 0 0 8 8 099 0 10 10 0 II IX 0

4 10 0 44 6 5 2 0 5 H 0 6 6 0 7 7 090 0 10 10 0 11 11 0 12 12 O r33 0

5 7 6 5 18 0 6 6 0 6 x5 0 7 x5 0 8 18 0 10 0 0 12 12 0 x3 x3 0 x5 0 0

5 0 6S 0 7 5 0 7 is 0 85 0 10 0 0 12 0 0 x4 O 0 x5 0 0 -

2 2 6 2 7 6 2 12 6 2 17 6 3 2 6 3 7 6 3 12 6 3 x7 6 S 0 0 6 0 0

3 8 0 3 18 0 4 5 0 4 x3 0 5 2 0 5 10 0 6 x5 0 8 5 09x5 0 10 io 0 —

4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 0 6 10 0 8 0 0910 0 -

5 0 0 5 10 0 6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 0 __

5 10 0 6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 090 0 -

3 0 0 3 10 0 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 S 12 6 6 6 0 7 0 090 0 10 0 0

3 10 0 4 0 0 4 10 0 5 0 0 5 12 6 6 6 0 7 0 0 8 0 0 10 0 0 -

5o 0 6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 090 0910 0 -

6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 090 0910 0 10 0 0 -

2 0 0 2 5 0 2 10 0 2 x5 0 3 0 0 3 5 0 3 10 0 3 x5 0 ...- \

6 0 0 6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 090 0910 0 -

6 10 0 7 0 0 7 10 0 8 0 0 8 10 090 0910 0 10 0 0

Table, (except chiefly laden with Com or other Provisions) and which is to be paid at the Custom House. the Medium Price between the Two Limits.

into a Dry or Wet Dock:

- £0 15 o

1 1 o

- 1 11 6

- 220

with a corresponding Tow Line, the Rate £ 2 corresponding Tow Line 1

- »I

floats, 1 or td, fir Tide.

2 07 Per Trip for the whole Distance from Grarefend

11 6 > to London; and in Proportion for any Part of

1 o j that Distance.

5 B a

5»* GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

73* C-39-

SCHED ULE

A TABLE of the respective Rates to be received by the Pilots of the Cinque

FROM

TO i ' Under 7 Feet. ... From 7 Feet to 16 Feet. M Feet. I ! 12 Feet. '1 15 Feet.

Nore, Sheerhefs, Standgate 1 £ 1. d. & s. _ _ _ or '£ s. d. ! £ t. J. £ /. d.

Creek, Giavefend - J 5 5° 7 17 6 83 3 !99 0 1° 4 9

Longreach - 5 16 0 8 8 6 990 10 491130

Blackwall or Londoa 6 1* 3 8 19 6 10 4911 0 6 1216

Gravesend 362 3 17 0 482 4 19 ° 5 10 3

The Downs

Standgate Creek

For every Half Foot exceeding io Feet of the above Draughts of Water am

For intermediate Distances a proportionate Rate equal to Half the Difference

Ships and Vessels which shall be boarded by Pilots Wed ward

From off Dungeness to the Downs -

From the Welt ward of Folkstone to the Downs From the West ward of Dover to the Downs, a Ship the South Pier Head on with the Citadel on the From off Dover and West ward of the South Foreland From off the South Foreland, and to the Northward or for coming on board when at anchor there.

'I.

For putting a Pilot on 2* board, and for Pilotage* to the Anchorage ml the Downs. t

Ships not having British Registers, to pay One fourth more of the Rates of Pilotage than i6 dated in this Table, added £10 per Cent, when the Number of Cinque Port Pilots shall be increased to 160, and £ 20 per Cent, when the Cinque Ports, or by his Authority, in the London Gazette, and in one or more Newspapers circulating in

{For a Boat of a Class carrying an Anchor of above cwt. with a.Ditto - - with an Anchor above 2 cwt. and

Ditto ... with an Anchor under 2 cwt. &c. And for each Man's Service in those Boats, ior 6d. per Tide.

SCHEDULE (C.)

OATH to be taken by the Matter and Wardens of the Society of The Cinque Port Pilots.

I A.B. do swear. That I will diligently and impartially examine and inquire into the Capacity and Skill'o^ 4 in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessels over the Flats, and round the Long

4 Sand Head, and up the Rivera of Thamej and Medway, and into Ramsgate % Dover, Sandwich and Margate Harbouhs 5 and alto upon the Coaffis of F/anders and Holland; and will make true and speedy Return thereof to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the time being, or his Deputy, without Favour, Affection, Fee or Reward. So help me GOD.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 39. 733

(B.)

Port Establishment, according to the Regulations established by this Act.

increased Rate, et|ual to the Medium between the Two Limits it to be paid, between the Two Limits.

of the Downs are to pay the several Rates following:

£ /. d.

- 550

- 4 4*

to be deemed West of Dover until (he shall have passed the Flag Staffs on 1 Eastern Redoubt on the Heights - j33a

to the Downs - -220

of that Promontory to the Anchorage in the Downs, 1

except such as are chiefly laden with Corn or other Provisions. To all the several Rates above mentioned shall be they shall be increased to 180 5 of which increased Numbers respectively Notice shall be given by the Lord Warden of the Counties of Middlesex and Kent.

corresponding Tow Line, the Rate corresponding Tpw Line,

£ s. d.

*g Per Trip for the whole Distance from

> Gravesend to London, and in Proportion for any Part of this Distance.

SCHEDULE (D.)

OATH to be taken by Sub Commissioners for Pilotage.

T A. 3* do swear, That I will diligently and impartially examine into the Capacity and Skill of

in the Art of piloting Ships and Vessds into the Roadstead, Port or Harbour, and upon the Coast following, videlicet, [here deserthe the Limits within which the Person examined is intended to a8 as

4 a Pilot'} and will make true and speedy Return thereof to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, without Favour, Affection, Fee or Reward, other than such Fee or Reward as is allowed by the Bye-Laws or Regulations duly established in that Behalf. So help me GOD.*

734

C-4o> 41

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

lentil FcK lS, xgi-4, no Public Offict granted in Reversion.

Grants contrary, void.

ProvTo for Grants ot Offices in Courts of Law.

snd for Appointment of AftitUntt, Sec. tc Clergy of Scotland.

3.C. 47.

31 G. 3. c. 19.

CAP. XL.

An Act to make Provision for a limited Time respecting certain Grants of Offices.

[20th April 1812.]

4 \\ T WHEREAS, on account of certain Proceedings depending in Parliament, it is expedient to establish the Provisions herein after mentioned respecting certain Grants of Offices for a limited time; f Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act until the Twenty eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, no Public Office, Place or Employment, shall be granted in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Board or Department of Government; and that during the time aforesaid no Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Common Law or Equity, shall be so granted fare as herein after is excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Grant or Appointment which may hereafter be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes void 5 and that all Salary and Emoluments received under any such Grant or Appointment shall and may be recovered by Information at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer, to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, which shall be made by any Chief Judge, Officers or Officer of any such Court, being such Chief Judge, Officers or Officer at the time of passing this Act; or to make void any Grant of any Office, Place or Employment, in any such Courts which shall hereafter be made by any other Person or Persons having at the time of passing this Act the Right of granting any such Office, Place or Employment, if such Office, Place or Employment was vacant at the time of passing this Act, or which shall be made by any other Officer or Officers of the said Courts not being such at the time of passing this Act, but becoming such by virtue of Appointments hereafter nuySe by the Persons respectively who at the time of passing this Act are the Chief Judges, Officers or Officer of such Courts: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to save or render valid and effectual any Grants hereafter to be made by any such Chief Judges, Officers or other Persons as aforesaid, of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, which Offices had not before been granted in Reversion or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, nor to make good any Grants which such Judges, Officers or Officer, or other Persons respectively would not have been entitled by Law to make if this Act had not passed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be conllrued to make void any Grants of any Offices, Places or Employments, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, which shall be granted by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, or for Two or more Lives in Succession, upon the Request or Recommendation of the Chief Judges or Officers of His Majesty's said Courts being such at the time of passing this Act, and which Offices, Places or Employments have been heretofore so granted upon such Request or Recommendation: Provided also, that this Act shall not be taken to > prohibit the Appointment of Assistants and Successors to the Parochial Clergy of Scotland.

CAP. XLL

An Act to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduct of the Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and another Act, of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and extending the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to appoint CommiJJumers to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and the ConduQ of Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for cor re Sing or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the belter conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments; to continue in force for Two Tears, and from thence until the Ex*. 4 piration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; which said Act was continued by subsequent Acts until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And whereas by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the ConduS of the Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to extend the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others; the said recited Act was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and extended to an Enquiry into the Expenditure and Conduct of the Business in the Office of Works, and into the Execution of other Public Works therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts, and all the Powers therein contained, so far only as the fame were extended by the said last recited Act, and relate to an Enquiry into the Public Expenditure

and Conduct of Business in the Office of Works, and into the Execution of other Public Works in the said

13 kff

A.D. 18t2. 52 GEORGII III. C. 41, 42. 735

last recited Act particularly mentioned, should be revived and further continued 5 and that the fame should be carried into Execution by other Commissioners named or referred to by the said recited Acts: ' May it

therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers How far con-

and Provisions therein contained, so far only as the fame were extended by the said last recited Act, and relate t, nucdnll March

to an Enquiry into the Public Expenditure and Conduct of Business in the Office of Works, and into the 25*

Execution of other Public Works in the said last recited Act mentioned, shall be and the same are hereby revived and further continued in full force from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and the same shall be put in force and carried into Execution by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, instead of the Commissioners named or referred to in the said recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That Giles Temfleman, Henry Peters* CharUs Bofanguet, Benjamin C.Ste- CommilBbnm phenfon and L. Bracjhaw, Esquires, shall be and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying into appointe<h Execution the Purposes of the said recited Acts, as the same are revived and continued by this Act 5 and shall have, use and exercise all the fame Powers, Provisions and Authorities, in conducting the Enquiry into the Office of Works and into the Execution of such other Works as aforesaid, as the Commissioners named or referred to in the said recited Acts had used or exercised for the Purpose aforesaid under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Penalties and Means of recovering the fame. Powers of re-Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts relative to the Enquiry into the Offices and Departments therein mentioned, shall relate to the Commissioners appointed under this Act, and shall be and be put in force and be applied by them, as far as the same are applm|blc, to the conducting the Enquiry authorized to be made into the Office of Works, and into - the Execution of such other Works as aforesaid, in the same manner and as fully and effectually to all Intent* and Purpose# as the fame related to, andf put in fSie.

force and applied by the Commissioners named or referred to in the said recited Acts.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Com- 38 G. 3. c. 89.

missioners of Excise; and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid §1.

thereout; and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon; an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence, given and granted by an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign 31 <3.3.0.43:

aforesaid, for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, and so in Proportion for a less

Quantity thereof, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, was rc-

pealed; and by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, a Bounty of Seven Shillings was given 38 G. 3. c. 8$.

and granted for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, which should be duly exported §3*

from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas; and by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign 39 G. 3. c. 6j.

aforesaid, an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence was given and granted for every Cask or Vessel §1.

of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, which should be duly exported from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas, until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and for and

in respect whereof the Person or Persons exporting the fame should be entitled to the Bounty of Seven Shillings, under or by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid: And whereas by 38 G. 3. c. 8j.

the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, a Bounty was allowed on Pilchards ship- §3-

ped and exported directly to any of the British West India Islands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediter- 39^G-3*C*65*

ranean, in Calks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards, in due Proportion to the several Bounties then payable, 5 4 and which by that Act might become payable for or in respect of Pilchards exported from Great Britain in

Calks containing Fifty Gallons: And whereas by another Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign 43 G- 3- c. 69.

aforesaid, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in Sch.C. Bounties.

lieu thereof the said Bounties were repealed, and the following Bounties were given and granted; that is to

say, a perpetual Bounty of Seven Shillings for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads containing Fifty Gallons, which should be duly exported to Foreign Parts, a temporary Bounty of One Shilling and Six

pence for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, which Should be duly exported to Foreign Parts, untiland upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and also a perpetual Bounty in due Proportion to the Bounty or Bounties by that Act payable for Pilchards exported to Foreign Parts in Calks containing Fifty Gallons, for all Pilchards which should be duly shipped

and exported directly to any of the British West India I Hands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean

4 in Calks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards: And whereas by another Act made in the Forty fifth Year of xiG.j. c.iai.

His said Majesty's Reign, the said Act of the Thirty first Year aforesaid, with the said additional Bounty therein mentioned, was by Mistake revived from the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and continued for and during the further Term of Sev^n Years, instead of continuing the said Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence per Calk or Vessel so given and granted by the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid.: And whereas by another Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the 480, 3. «, 6t,

1 Reign aforesaid, intituled An Act for extending the Bounty tiow payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies

73^ C. 42, 43> 44* 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Indies Or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas, tire fame Bounties are allowed for every Cask of Pilchards or Scads, containing Thirty two Gallons or upwards, exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any Foreign Parts as are payable on Pilchards or Scads duly shipped and exported to any of the British West India Islands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Calks of Thirty two feallons or upwards: And whereas it is expedient to revive the said Bounty of One Shilling and Six

pence so given and granted by the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, and to extend the fame in

manner herein after mentioned : Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi6 present Parliament

Bounty of is.6d. assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thou-per Calk granted sand eight hundred and twelve, the said Bounty of One Shilling and Six pence, given and granted by the said revfve^ami^Act Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, for every Calk or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty

contwuvd. Gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts, shall be and the fame is hereby revived, and IhaB remain and continue in force until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and shall, together with the other Bounties by the said last mentioned Act granted or allowed on Pilchards exported, be extended in due Proportion to and paid and allowed for all Pilchards which shall during that time be shipped and exported in Calks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards to foreign Parts.

19 G. 3. C. 74.

34 0.3-C-&4.

Appointment of Supervisors.

Lands purchased veiled in His Majesty.

Supervisors to erect Penitentiary House.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[20th April 1H12.J

{The Rates are the same as 51 G.aJ*. 28. Continuance of Act from 2$th March 1812, till 2$tb March 1813.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Erection of a Penreentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convictedWithm the City of London and County of Middlesex; and for making Compensation to Jeremy Befit ham Esquire, for the Non-performance of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bent ham and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Custody and Maintenance of Convicts. f 20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation9 Imprisonment % and other Punishmeni*of certain Offenders: And whereas another Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting a Penitentiary or Penitentiary Houses, for confining and employing Convicts: And whereas Penitentiary Houses have not yet been erected 5 but certain Lands and Premises have been purchased of the Most Honourable the Marquis of Salijhury9 at Millbank, near Tothill Fields, and a 4 Conveyance thereof made to Jeremy Bentham Esquire, under the Authority of the said last recited Act;

and the fame thereby became vested in the said Jeremy Bentham, as Feoffee, for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that a separate Penitentiary House Should be built, for the Purpose of confining Offenders convicted of transportable Offences within the City of London and the County of Middlesex only, or capitally convicted within the said City and the said County, and pardoned on Condition of being confined under this Act, upon the said Ground and Premises so purchased and vested in the said Jeremy Bentham as aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by1 the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint Three Persons to carry into Execution the Purpose of this Act, and to be Supervisors of the House and Buildings to be trested in pursuance thereof, and from time to time to remove them or any of them, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or shall die or resign their Trull 5 and to allow such Supervisors such Compensation for their Expences, occasioned by the Discharge of their Duty, as His Majesty shall deem reasonable, to be paid from time to time by Warrants from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or the High Treasurer for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such Supervisors shall be so appointed as aforesaid, all the Lands, Houses, Buildings, Tenements and Premises so purchased by the said Jeremy Bentham, or now vetted in him for the Purpose of the said Act of the Thirty fourth Year aforesaid, shall vest absolutely, and without any Conveyance or Assignment thereof, in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public and the Purposes of this Act, free from all Incumbrances created by the said Jeremy Bentham or any Person claiming under him.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Supervisors, by the Direction and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to erect or cause to be erected, or contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the erecting such House and other Buildings as shall be expedient and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and to do all such other Matters and Things as may be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And whereas a Proposal was made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety two, by the aforesaid Jeremy Benthamt to cuntraft with the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Management of One thousand Male Convicts in a National Penitentiary House to be erected by the said Jeremy Bentham for that Purpose; and Articles of Agreement, founded on such Proposal, were prepared and approved of on

10 4 Behalf

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C*44*

Behalf of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in whom Powers were veiled by the Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty above recited, to conclude such Contracts and Agreements for the Erection of National Penitentiary Houses under the said Act, as they should deem necessary and expedient; but such Articles of Agreement have never been executed: And whereas the said. Jeremy Bentham*was appointed Feoffee of the Lands aoove mentioned under the said Act, with a View to the Erection of a 4 National Penitentiary House under the said Contract, and has been authorized and encouraged to take Measures for carrying such intended Agreement into Effect, and received an Advance of Two thousand Pounds in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety four for that Purpose; and the said Jeremy Bentham dates himself to have expended large Sums of Money over and above the said Sum of Two thoqfand Pounds,

4 in making Preparations for the Performance of the said Agreement on his Part, with respect to the Plan of the said intended Building, the Employment to be therein given to Convids, and the System of Management thereunto to be adapted, and to have transferred, ana with Enlargements adapted to the Object of such Preparations, an extensive System of Mechanical Works, of the Invention of his Brother, Brigadier General Samuel Bentham, to whom the fame werefecured by divers Patents, and whereon a Capital to a considerable Amount, produced by the Sale of divers Estates, had been expended, from which, by reason of such Transference, no Advantage thereafter could nor can now be reaped 5 and it is also stated by the said Jeremy Benthamt that the said Brigadier General Bentham has relinquished in his Favour such Compensation as the said Samuel Bentham might be entitled to in respect of the Matters aforesaid: And whereas it is not now deemed expedient that such Contract with the said Jeremy Bentham should be carried into Effect, but it is just and reasonable that the said Jeremy Bentham should be paid the Sums so by him expended, and should moreover'receive a liberal Compensation for all Loss and Damage by him and the said Samuel Bentham sustained by reason of the Non fulfilment thereof, deduding from such Claims any Profits which he may have derived from the Lands of which he has been in Possession as Feoffee under the Appointment mentioned above; 1 Be it therefore enacted, That Two Persons shall be chosen Arbitrators for the Purpose of settling all Questions between the Public and the said Jeremy Bentham, arising out of the said Agreement or intended Agreement, one of whom shall be chosen by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and the other by the said Jeremy Bentham; and if the Arbitrators so chosen should not be able to agree on their Award upon the Points referred to them, within Six Months after the said Arbitrator on the Part of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall be chosen and notified to the said Jeremy Bentham, that then and in such case the said Arbitrators shall name a Third Person, whose Decision thereupon shall be final 5 and that the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are hereby empowered and required to issue out of the Consolidated Fund, by Warrant signed by any Three or more of them, the Net Sum so awarded to the said Jeremy Bentham, within One Month after the said Award shall have been made; and in the mean Time the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized and directed to issue and pay Net such Annual Sum as may appear to them to be equal to the Net Annual Profit of the said Lands in the Hands of the said Jeremy Bentham: Provided always, that in case the making of such Award shall be delayed beyond Twelve Months after the passing of this Act, owing to any Neglect or Default on the Part of the said Jeremy Bentham, no further Payment shall be made to the said Jeremy Bentham until such Award shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Supervisors, or any Two of them, shall contract with proper Persons for erecting such Penitentiary House, together with the several Buildings and Inclosures thereto belonging, and shall superintend the Erection of such House and Buildings, and the due Performance of such Contracts as shall be entered into touching the fame 5 and the said Penitentiary House shall be made sufficiently large to contain such Number of Convids as the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department shall approve, not exceeding Three hundred Male Convicts, and the like Number of Female Convids; and such House, or the Buildings and Inclosure thereunto belonging, shall contain proper Storehouses, Warehouses, Work Rooms and Lodging Rooms, an Infirmary, a Chapel and Burying Ground, a Prison divided into airy Apartments, a Kitchen Garden, and also proper Airing Grounds, Yards, Offices, and other necessary Apartments for the several Officers and Servants herein after directed to be appointed: Provided always, that before any such Contracts shall be made or entered into by the said Supervisors, the Plan of such Houses and Buildings, with the Estimates of the Expence of erecting the lame, shall be laid before and approved of by the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Penitentiary House shall be ready, or partly ready for the Reception of Offenders, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, in His Privy Council, to nominate and appoint any fit and discreet Persons, not being less than Ten nor more than Twenty in Number, as and for a Committee to superintend the said House for the Term of One Year then next ensuing, or until a fresh Nomination or Appointment shall take place; and from time to time to remove all or any 01the Persons composing the said Committee, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Stead of such as shall die or resign.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Committee, or any Three of them, to hold Meetings, and to make Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the assembling of the said Committee, and for all Matters relating to the Meetings of the fame, as well as for the Government of the said Penitentiary House, and for receiving, separating, classing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, managing, treating and patching all Offenders during their respective Confinement therein, as to the said Committee shall seem just and proper: Provided however, that such Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders shall not begin to have Force until they have been submitted to the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, and such Justices shall have subscribbd a Declaration that they do not fee any thing contrary to Law in the said Bye-Laws, Rules and Orders (o to be made as aforesaid; and all such Bye-Laws, Rules and

52 Geo. III. 5 C Order*

737

34 C. 3.C. 84.

Arbitrators f*r settlingQuestions between Public and Mr. Bent-ham.

Supervisors t* superintend Erection of Penitentiary House.

Appointment of Committee of Management.

Committee to make Bye-Laws, Rules, &c«

738

Appointment of Vilitor.

Appointment of Officers, See,

Committee may vary Number of Officers.

Governor to be a Body Corporate.

Governor empowered to contrail for Clothing, Diet, Sec. necessary for Offenders.

Accounts

entered.

Duty of Storekeeper and T afiaruller.

Books to be examined.

Committee may examine upon Oath, and may dilmii's Offender for Fraud or Xollufiou.

C. 44. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Orders so to be made, shall be afterwards added to or altered from time to time as often as the said Committee shall think necessary, and such Additions and Alterations shall also in like manner be submitted to the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, and confirmed in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Committee, or any Three of them, at any of their said Meetings, to appoint any One or more of their said Members to visit the said House during the Intervals between the Meetings of the said Committee, and to delegate, if they shall think fit. Power to such Visitors or any of them to make any Order or give any Directions in cases of pressing Emergency within the said House, which might be made or given by the said Committee if they were fitting; provided that every such Order or Direction, together with the Circumstances by which the fame was occasioned, shall be reported to the said Committee at their next Meeting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for the Regulation and Management of such Penitentiary House, and previously to the opening thereof for the Reception of Offenders, there shall be elected and appointed by the said Committee, a Governor, a Chaplain, a Surgeon or Apothecary', a Storekeeper, and also for that Portion of the House set apart for Female Convicts, a Matron, together with such Talk matters and other Officers, Assistants and Servants, as the said Committee, with the Approbation of the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, shall judge necessary; and such Taskmasters, Officers, Servants and Assistants shall from time to time be removeable by any Order of the said Committee; and when any Vacancy shall happen, new Taskmasters, Officers, Servants or Assistants shall be elected by the fame Authority; and such Salaries, and other Allowances shall be made to the said Taskmasters, Officers, Servants and Aifittants as the said Committee shall think proper, subject nevertheless to such Approbation as aforesaid; and also such of them from whom the said Committee may deem it proper to require Security for the due and faithful Execution of their Offices, shall give such Security accordingly as the said Committee from time to time shall direct.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said. Committee from time to time, with such Approbation as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, discontinue or vary the Number of Officers to be appointed for the said House in pursuance of the Directions aforesaid, except by taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecary, to the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Penitentiary House shall be a Body Corporate, and shall sue and be sued by the Name of "The Governor of the Penitentiary House for London and Middlesex."

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor shall also have Power to make Contracts with any Persons whomsoever, for the Clothing, Diet and all other Necessaries for the Maintenance and Support of the Offenders confined in such House, for Implements or Materials of any Kind of Manufacture, Trade or Mystery in which Offenders confined in such House shall be employed, such Contrails being previously approved by the Committee; and also to carry on such Manufacture and Mystery in such House, and to fell such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall be there wrought and manufactured; and the Governor of every such Penitentiary House shall cause all Accounts touching the Maintenance of such House and the Offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and also the Governor and Storekeeper shall each keep separate Accounts of all such Stock and Materials as shall be brought into such House for employing such Offenders, and such Stock and Materials shall from time to time be delivered out by the said Storekeeper as Occasion shall require to the several Taskmasters, who shall respectively give Receipts to such Storekeeper for the fame, and shall distribute the fame amongst the several Offenders to be employed in working thereon; and such Taskmasters or their Assistants shall constantly superintend the Work of the said Offenders, and take an Account of every Neglect of Work or other Misbehaviour, and likewise of any extraordinary Diligence or good Behaviour in any of such Offenders, and from time to time shall report the same to the Governor, who shall cause the same to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and .such Taskmaster shall also keep Accounts of the Quantities daily worked by the several Offenders, and shall return the Materials, when wrought and manufactured, to the Storekeeper, who shall give Receipts to the Taflcmaller for the fame, and shall from time to time, with the Privity and Approbation of the Governor, sell and dispose thereof, and pay the Money arising from such Sales to the Governor, who shall be accountable for the same to the Committee, in manner herein after mentioned; and the said Governor and Storekeeper shall keep separate Accounts of the Materials so wrought, manufactured, fold and disposed of, and the several Sums of Money for which the same shall be so fold, and when fold, and to whom, in Books to be provided for those Purposes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Books so to be kept by the said Governor and Storekeeper, and the several Entries therein, shall be examined by the said Committee, and shall be by them compared with the several Receipts and other Vouchers, and shall be Verified by such Governor and Storekeeper upon Oath, if required, before such Committee, and shall, if approved of by such Committee, be allowed and signed by any Three of them; and if such Committee shall disapprove of any Articles in such Accounts, they shall disallow the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall suspect any fraudulent or improper Charges in any of such Accounts of the said Governor or Storekeeper, or any .Omission thereout, they may examine upon Oath the said Governor, Storekeeper, or any of the Officers or Servants belonging to such House, or any of the Persons employed about the fame, or any Persons of whom any Necessaries, Stock, Materials or other Things have been purchased for the Use of such House, or any Persons to whom any Stock or Materials wrought or manufactured therein* have been fold, or any of the Offenders confined in such Penitentiary House, or any other Persons, touching any of the Articles contained in such Accounts, or

any

739

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 44.

any Ottiiffion thereout, or any thing relative thereto; and in case there shall appear in any such Account any false Entry, knowingly or wilfully made, or any fraudulent Omission thereout, or any other Fraud7 whatsoever, or any Colluiion between any Officer or Officers, or Servants belonging to such House, or between any such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, and any other Person or Persons, in any Matter relative thereto, then, besides the private Satisfaction in Damages which the Parties or Party injured may be entitled to recover by Law, the said Committee may dismiss any such Officer or Officers who shall to them appear to have been guilty of any such false Entry, Omission, Fraud or Colluiion, and appoint another or others in his, her or their Stead; and if the said Committee shall see fit, they shall cause an Indictment or Indictments to be preferred against the Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants so offending, at the next Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, City, Corporation or Place wherein such Penitentiary House shall be situated, or for any other adjoining County; and in case such Person or Persons so indicted shall be found guilty of such Offence or Offences, lie, (he or they shall be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when the Penitentiary House hereinbefore directed to be built, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be fitted and completed for the Reception of Offenders, and proper Officers shall be appointed for the Care and Management thereof, the said Committee shall certify, under their Hands and Seals, to His Majesty, through the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, that such Houses are so fitted and completed, and that such Officers have been appointed; and after the making of such Certificate it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order that any Person who shall be in His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, sentenced to Transportation for any Offence committed within the City of London or the County of Middlesex, or capitally convicted for any Crime committed within the said City or County, and pardoned by His Majesty upon the Condition of being confined under this Act, to be removed to and imprisoned within the said Penitentiary House for and during any Term not exceeding Five Years, in case such Offender shall have been sentenced to be transported for Seven Years only; for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, in case he or she shall have been so sentenced for Fourteen Years; and for a Term not exceeding Ten Years, in case such Offender shall have received Sentence of Transportation for Life, or shall have been capitally convicted.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fees on the delivering out of Custody of any such Offender so ordered to be removed, as have usually been paid and would have been due to the Keeper of the said Gaol of Newgate in case such Offender had been removed in order to have been transported, and all reasonable Expences which the said Keeper shall incur in every such Removal, shall be paid by the said City of London, or County of Middlesex, for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted shall have been held; and the Keeper shall receive the Money due for such Fees and Expences from the Treasurer of the said City or County, such Fees and Expences being first allowed by the Ol der of the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter or other General Sessions of the Peace, who are hereby required to make such Order -as shall be just in that Behalf.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That after Delivery of any such Offender as aforesaid into the Custody to which he or she shall be so ordered as aforesaid, such Governor or other Person having the Custody of Offenders under his Direction shall, during the Term for which such Offender shall be ordered to remain in his Custody, have the fame Powers over such Offender as are iucident to the Office of a Sheriff or Gaoler 5 and in case of any Abuse of such Custody, or other Misbehaviour or Negligence in the Discharge of his Office, shall be liable to the fame Punishment as a Gaoler is now liable to by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Offender who shall be ordered to be confined in such Penitentiary House shall be brought thither in pursuance of the Powers contained in this Act, he or she shall be Separately lodged and washed, cleansed and purified, and shall then be examined by the Surgeon or Apothecary, and shall continue in such separate Lodging until it be certified by such Surgeon or Apothecary that he or she is fit to be received among the other Convidls; and the Clothes in which he or she shall then be clothed shall be burnt if necessary, or otherwise shall be sold and disposed of at the Discretion of the Governor, and the Produce thereof shall be accounted for to the Committee aforesaid: and such Offender shall not be dismissed at the End or other Determination of his Term, unless at his own Reqncft, if he shall then labour under any acute or dangerous Ditlemper, nor until he can be safely discharged; and when such Offender shall be finally discharged, such other decent Clothing as shall be judged necessary and proper by the Committee aforesaid, shall be delivered to such Offender, and also such Sum of Money for his or her immediate Subsistence, as the said Committee shall think proper, so as such Sum shall not exceed Three Pounds; and if such Offender at the End or other Determination of his or her Term, shall procure any reputable Master of a Ship, or Tradesraan, or other substantial Housekeeper, to take him or her into Service, or provide him or her with proper Employment, for One Year then next ensuing, the same to be approved by the Committee aforesaid, he or she, having served accordingly, shall be entitled at the End of the Year to such other Sum of-Money, not exceeding the like Sum of Three Pounds, as the said Committee shall think fit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Governor of the said Penitentiary House shall during the Term for which such Offender shall remain in such Custody, keep him or her to, Labour, of such Kind as the Committee before mentioned shall direct and appoint; and if the Work to be perfomml by any such Offenders shall be of such a Nature as may require previous Instruction, proper Persons shall be provided to give the fame by Order of the said Committee, to whom a suitable Allowance shall be made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders as shall be sent to the said Penitentiary House shall, during the Hours of Labour, be separated from each other, or shall work together in Companies composed of more or fewer Persons in Number, in such manner as the Bye-Laws istablished as aforesaid by the Committee

5 C 2 shall

Committee to certify to Secretary of State when such House shall be fit for Reception of Offender*.

Gaoler's Fees and Expences of Removal how raid.

Power of Governor.

Offenders, when brought, to be separutely. lodged and washed, and examined by Surgeon.

When discharged furnished with decent' Clothing. Allowances.,

Keeping Offend -en to Labour.

Offender. bo\V. lodged.

74<> C. 44.

52 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Hours of Work.

Rewards.

Dividing Offenders into Chffes.

shall prescribe 5 and that all Offenders not confined in the Infirmary shall, during their Hours of Rest, be Inept entirely separate and apart from each other, and be lodged in separate Rooms or Cells.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such Offenders shall be employed in Work at the said Penitentiary House every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Christmas Day and Good Friday, and also except such Days when ill Health will not allow of their working; and the Hours of Work in each Day shall be as many as the Season of the Year, with an Interval of Half an Hour for Breakfast and an Hour for Dinner will permit, but not exceeding Eight Hours in the Months of November, December and January; Nine Hours in the Months of February and October, and Ten Hours in the rest of the Year: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Prisoner to labour voluntarily for a longer time than is herein mentioned, upon such Conditions as shall in the said Order be expressed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to allow to any of the Offenders confined in the said Penitentiary House, as a Reward and Encouragement, any Part or Portion of the Profits arising from their Labour not exceeding such Proportion thereof as shall be approved of and allowed by the said Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; to be expended in such manner, and subject to such Regulations as the said Committee shall direct and appoint.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Offenders to be sent to the said Penitentiary House shall be divided "into Two Classes, which shall be called the First and Second Classes; for which Purpose the Time for which such Offenders shall be severally ordered to be confined shall be divided into Two equal Parts, and during the First Part of the Time of the Imprisonment, he or she shall be ranked in the First Class; and during the Second Part of such time, he or she shall be ranked in the Second Class; and the Confinement of such Offenders as shall from time to time be ranked in the First Class shall be more drift, and the Confinement of the Offenders in the Second Class shall be more moderate; which several Degrees of Confinement so to be affixed to each Class shall be settled by the said Committee, by Orders of Regulation to be approved of in manner aforesaid, but not so as to defeat or elude the special Rules or Provisions made and appointed by this Act 2 Provided always, that if the said Committee shall at any time observe or be satis-fastorily informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the said Offenders who are ranked in the said First Class, it shall be lawful for the said Committee to order such Offender to be transferred to the Second Class, although such Offender may not have completed the Period of his or her Imprisonment in the said First Class.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall at any time observe or be satisfactorily informed of any extraordinary Diligence or Merit in any of the Offenders under their Inspection, who shall be ranked in the said Second Class of Offenders, the Committee shall report the fame in Writing to the Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, in order that he may recommend such Offender to His Majesty as. an Obieft of the Royal Mercy, in such Degree and on such Conditions as to him shall seem meet.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Offender who shall be ordered to such Penitentiary House shall, during the time of his or her Confinement therein, be fed and sustained with a sufficient Quantity of coarse but wholesome Food; and also be clothed with a coarse and uniform Apparel, with any distinguishing Marks which may be deemed useful to facilitate Discovery in case of Escapes 5 the Whole to be ordered in such manner as the Committee aforesaid shall from time to time appoint for those Purposes: And no such Offender shall, during the time of his or her Confinement, be permitted to have any other Food, Drink or Clothing, than such as shall be so appointed; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully supply any such Offender, at any time during the Term of his or her Confinement, with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other than such as shall be fb appointed, or with any Money, he or she so supplying such Offender, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sura not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Penon, except the Officers, Assistants or Servants of the House, or such Person or Persons as shall be authorized according to the Regulations established by the said Committee, shall be permitted any time to enter any of the Apartments or Court Yards allotted to the Prisoners, or to hold Conversation or Communication with any such Offenders.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of

employ Offend- tfoe House to employ, with the Consent of the said Committee, any of the Offenders aforesaid, who shall

ers as Servants.^jn tf, e Second Class as Servants, Overseers or Assistants, in the Management of the Works and the

Care of their Fellow Prisoners, instead of being confined to such their Daily Labour as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary House shall supply any of the Offenders therein with any Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or with any Spirituous or other Liquors whatsoever, except such Money, Clothing, frovisions or Diet, or such Water and Milk, as the Governor of the House shall from time to time permit or direct, and except such Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon err Apothecary attending such House shall think proper to order for any such Offenders in case of illness; and in case any such Officer or Servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such Offender, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any such Offender, any Money, Clothing, Provisions Or Diet, or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Officer or Servant shall immediately be suspended by the said Governor, who shall report the same to the Committee at their next Meeting 5 and such Committee shall esquire thereof upon Oath, and shall punish such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, and by Imprisonment for any Term not exceeding Six Months, or by any one or more of such Punishments as the said Committee shall in their Discretion think proper.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chaplain shall read Morning and Evening Prayers in the Chapel of such Penitentiary House, and preach a Sermon both Morning and Evening, on every Sunday in the Year,

<EyeningPrj}«rs, and; jf0 on every Christmas Day and Good Friday; and all the Offenders confined in such House, who shall not

[Proviso.]

Committee to report Offender who shall mani-felt extraordinary Diligence.

How Offenders fed and clothed.

Supplying Offenders with other Food or Clothing.

[Penalty.]

None but Officers to enter Apartments.

Governor may

Officers or Servants supplying Offender with Money, &c. contrary to Act

Penalty, Sec.

Chaplain to lead Morning and

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 44.

not be disabled by Illness, shall attend the said Prayers and Sermons, which shall also be attended by the Resident Officers and by the Servants of such House, or such of them as can be spared from their several Employments, and shall not be prevented by Illness; and the said Chaplain shall visit such Offenders, under such Regulations as may hereafter be prescribed by the said Committee, forlheir moral and religious Education, as well as for their Instruction in Reading and Writing.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Offenders ordered to be confined in such Penitentiary House shall be permitted to walk and air themselves in the Airing Yards or Grounds belonging thereto, for such dated time as their Health may require, and the Governor, under the Direction of the Committee, shall permit.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Offender shall appear to be sick, he or she shall be visited by the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such House, and if the Sickness be found to be real, the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall report the same to the Governor, who shall, if the Sickness be of such a Nature as to require it, order such Offender to be sent to the Infirmary belonging to such House, and to be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose as sick; and when such OffenJer mall have so far recovered his or her Health, as that the said Surgeon or Apothecary shall judge him or her in a proper Condition to quit the Infirmary, and to return to his or her Employment, and the said Apothecary shall so report, the said Governor shall order such Offender to be brought back to his or her Lodging Room, and to be again employed in Labour so far as shall be confident with the Health of such Offender.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee, at every Meeting, at which Three of them at the lead shall be present, shall inquire into the State of such House, and shall once at lead in every Month, fee every Offender confined there and not disabled by Sickness; and shallinfped the Accounts of the Governor and Storekeepers, and also examine the Conduct and Management of such House, and the Behaviour of the Officers thereof, ' and of the Offenders confined therein.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Penitentiary House shall have Power to hear all Complaints touching any of the following Offences; that is to say, Disobedience of any of the Orders of the House; Assaults by one Person confined in such House upon another, when no dangerous Wound or Bruise is given 5 profane Cursing and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Absence from Chapel, or irreverent Behaviour there; and Idleness or Negligence m Work, or wilful Mismanagement of it; all which are declared to be Offences by this Act; and the said Governor may examine any Persons touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such Offences by ordering the Offenders to dole Confinement in a dark Cell, or by keeping them upon Bread and Water only, for any Term not exceeding Three Days.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Offender who shall be confined in any such Penitentiary House, shall, during the Term for which he shall be so confined, be guilty of any Offence which the Governor of such House is not hereby authorized to punish, or for which the Punishment which such Governor is hereby authorized to inflid shall by such Governor be deemed not sufficient, by reason of the Enormity of the Offence or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may and he is hereby required to confine such Offender, either in his or her own Lodging Room, or in a dark Cell belonging to such House, till the next Meeting of the said Committee, and shall then report such Offence, with the time and particular Circumstances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee; and such Committee shall have Power to enquire of, upon Oath, and determine concerning all such Offences so reported to them as aforesaid, and shall order such Offenders to be punished by close Confinement in a dark Cell, with Bread and Water only for Suf-tenance, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by removing such Offenders, if ranked in the Second Class into the First Class, or by any or all of such Punishments; and in case of Removal into the First Class, the Offender shall from the time of making such Order of Removal, go through such First Class, unless he or she be restored to the Second Class by Order of the Committee, or unless the Term of his or her Confinement shall be previously completed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever by this Act the said Committee or any Three of them, are empowered or directed to make any Enquiry, or receive any Proof upon Oath, any One of the said Committee is hereby authorized to tender and administer such Oath 5 and any Three of the said Committee may summon or cause to be fumraoned such Witnesses as they shall think meet to appear and give Evidence before them; and if any Person, being duly summoned, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or being present and competent to be a Witness, shall refuse to be sworn, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence, such Person shall forfeit any Sum not less than Twenty Shillings nor more than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Committee.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of the said Penitentiary House shall keep a regular Book or Books, in which shall be entered the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall De in their Custody, the Offences of which they shall have been guilty, the Court before which each Person was convicted, the Sentence of the Court, the Age, bodily Estate and Behaviour of every such Convict while in Custody; and also the Names of all and every the Person or Persons who shall have died under such Custody, or shall have escaped from such Place of Confinement, or shall have been discharged from thence by Order from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or otherwise; from which Books Returns shall be made of the Particulars mentioned above, on the First Day of every Term, to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and shall be verified on the Oath of the Person making the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall, at the Beginning of every Session, make a faithful Report to the King in Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, specifying the State of the Buildings, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of the several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement; and also in Matters of extreme or pressing Necessity, shall and may make a special Report thereof to the Justices of

Hit

741

and preach'Two Sermons on Sundays, 5cc.

Offenders to walk and air

themselves.

Offenders when lick, visited by Surgeon; and if necesory sent to Infirmary.

Committee to examine State of House. and infect Accounts.

Governor empowered to hear Complaints.

Enormous Offenders confined by Governor, and reported to Committee.

Committee may

administer

Oaths.

[Penalty.]

Governor to keep regular Bookstand Returns to be made therefiom.

Reports laid before the King in Council, and Parliament.

742 C. 44.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Bye-Laws, Sic. reported to the

ment.

Expences of executing At\ laid K fore House of Commons.

Personsbreaking Prison ureicap-ing.

Punishment.

Persons rescuing cr attempting to relcue Offenders.

His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who shall immediately take Order therein, and regulate or redress the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall report to His Majesty in Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, all Bye-Laws, Rules or Regulations made under the Authority of this

King in Council, Act, and all Alterations therein or Additions thereto, within Thirty one Days after the Commencement of the and to Parlia- liext Session of Parliament, after such Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations, or Alterations or Additious, shall have been confirmed by the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, as hereinbefore is directed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, not hereinbefore specially provided for, shall be annually laid before the House of Commons, and after deducting thereout the Net Profits, if any, arising from the Earnings of the Offenders who shall be confined in the said House, the Remainder of such Expences shall be provided for in the next Supplies to be granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be ordered to be confined in the said Penitentiary House, shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement, break Prison, or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Offender, he or (lie so breaking Prison or escaping, shall be punished by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which he or she at the time of his or her Breach of Prison or Escape was subject to be coufined; and if such Person so punished by such Addition to the Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be convicted of a Second Escape or Breach of Prison, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refeue any Offender who shall be ordered to be confined within the said Penitentiary House, either during the time of his or her Conveyance to the said Penitentiary House, or whilst such Offender shall be in the Custody of the Person or Persons under whose Care and Charge he or she shall be so confined; or if any Person shall be aiding or assisting in any such Refeue, every such Person so rescuing, aiding or assisting, shall be guilty of Felony, and may be ordered to be confined to the said House for any Term notless than One Year, nor exceeding Five Years 5 and if any Person, having the Custody of any such Offender as aforesaid, or being employed by the Person having such Custody, as a Keeper, Underkeeper, Turnkey, Assistant or Guard, shall voluntarily permit such Offender to escape, or if any Person whatsoever shall, by supplying Arms, Tools, or Instruments of Disguise, or otherwise be in any manner aiding and assisting to any such Offender in any Escape, or in any Attempt to make an Escape, though no Escape be actually made, or shall attempt to refeue any such Offender, or be aiding and assisting in any such Attempt, though no Refeue be actually made, every such Person so permitting, attempting, aiding or assisting, shall be guilty of Felony 5 and if any Person having such Custody, or being to employed by the Person having such Custody as aforesaid, shall negligently permit any such Offender to escape, such Person so permitting shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being lawfully convicted of the fame, shall he liable to Fine or imprisonment, or to both, at the Discretion of the Court.

XLII. And, to the Intent that the Prosecutions for Escapes, Breaches of Prison and Rescues, may be carried on with as little Trouble and Expence as is possible, be it further enacted, That any Offender escaping, breaking Prison, or being refeued in manner aforesaid, may and shall be tried before the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at the Great Sessions cither for the County where he or she shall be apprehended and retaken, or for the County in which the said Offence shall have been committed; and in case of any Prosecution for any such Escape, Attempt to Escape, Breach of Prison or Refeue, cither against the Offender escaping or attempting to escape, or having broke Prison, or being refeued, or against any other Person or Persons concerned therein, or aiding, abetting or assisting the fame, a Copy, properly attested of the Order of Commitment to such Penitentiary House, shall, after Proof made that the Person then in question before the Court is the fame that was delivered with such Order, be sufficient Evidence to the Court and Jury that the Person then in question was so ordered to such Confinement.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary Penalties created by this Act, for the Recovery of which no Mode is hereinbefore prescribed, shall be recoverable before Two or more Justices of the Peace in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Borough, Town or Place in which the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Con-fession of the Offender; and One Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Use of the Penitentiary House, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of Nonpayment, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and for Want of sufficient Diurefs, the Offender shall be sent by such Justices to the Prison of such County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town or Place, for such Term not exceeding Six Months, nor less than One Month, as such Justices shall think most proper.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may jSlead the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial, to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions after Issue joined, or if, on Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendants have by Law in other cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for any Plaintiff in any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be, shall certify his Approbation of the Verdict.

Punishment.

Mode of Trial

and Conviction.

Recovery of 4'cnr.Uies.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 44, 45.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suita and Prosecutions, to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fast committed, and not otherwise.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until Provision shall be made for the Confinement in Penitentiary Houses, of Offenders convicted in other Parts of England and Wales than the City of London and County of Middlesex, and sentenced to Transportation, or pardoned upon Condition of being confined in a Penitentiary House, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to order any such Offender to be removed from any Gaol or Prison in which he or she shall be confined, and to be imprisoned under the Provisions of this Act, within the Penitentiary House now to be erected; and any Fees which would have been due to the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol or Prison, if such Offender had been removed in order to be transported, and all reasonable Expences which shall be incurred in every such Removal, shall be paid by the City or County for which the Court in which the Offender was convicted shall have been held, in the manner in which such Fees and Expences are hereinbefore directed to be paid, in the case of the Removal of Offenders from His Majesty Gaol of Newgate.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Court or Courts shall think fit to sentence any Person or Persons convicted before such Court or Courts of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, to imprisonment as or for the Punishment, or Part of the Punishment for such Offence, such Court or Courts may, if they shall think fit so to do, moreover direct that the Person or Persons so convicted shall during such Imprisonment be kept to hard Labour.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered or amended by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to suspend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas of Spirits made or dif-

tilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas of Spirits 4 W made in Ireland from Corn or Grain should be prohibited for a time to be limited Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and until and upon the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, or to enter, or ship for Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas, any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, and in case any such Spirits shall be exported or entered, or shipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland to or for any Parts beyond the Seas, such Spirits so unlawfully exported or entered, or shipped for Exportation, together with the Casks or Packages containing the fame, and also the Ships, Boats or Vessels on board which the same shall be laden or exported shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; any Act or Acts, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland at any time after the First Day of 08ober One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in his or their Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to permit the Exportation of such Spirits to Parts beyond the Seas, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of the said Privy Council, or by Order in Council to be published in the Dublin Gazette, to permit and suffer all and every Person and Persons (but not any particular Person or Persons) at any time or times not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Council, to export any such Spirits to Parts beyond the Seas; or in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland at any time after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in his or their Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, further to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of such Spirits from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of the said Privy Council, or by Order ia Council to be published in the Dublin Gazette, to continue throughout Ireland from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned; that is to say, that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, or to enter, or ship for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas, any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to forfeit any such Spirits exported from Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seas, if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland (such Proof being

<5 left

743

Limitation of Actions.

Offenders may be removed.

Courts may ft n-tence Offenders to hard Labour.

Act may be altered, ice.

Spirits made from Corn exported.

[Penalty.]

Lord Lieutenant may permit Exportation of Spirits after Oct. 1, 181Z, or continue Prohibition for limited Time.

Spirits shipped before April 12, 1812, not forfeited.

744

Contrails for Spirits for Exportation void.

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

Penalties how, levied.

X4 & 1S Car. z. (I.) Sefl*. 4. c. 8.

AppeaL

All altered, &c.

Additional Duty on Spirits.

Additional Duty ft r Stock in Hand.

C. 45, 46. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

left to the Judgment of them the said Commissioners), that such Spirits were actually shipped for such Exportation on or before the Twelfth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and without any* Knowledge of the Provisions of this Act, by the Person or Persons by whom such Spirits were so shipped.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall at any time before the passing of this Act have fold or contracted to fell any such Spirits to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, such Person so having fold or contracted to fell such Spirits shall not be compelled or compellable to perform or ftilfil any such Sale or Contract, nor shall such Person be liable to any Damages for Breach of such Contracts, or for neglecting or refusing to fell or deliver such Spirits; and in case any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Breach of such Contract, or for neglecting or refusing to fell or deliver such Spirits, the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General Issue, and at any Trial to be had thereupon may give in Evidence this Act and the special Matter, and that such Sale and Delivery were prevented and prohibited by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear accordingly, then the Jury shall find For the Defendant or Defendants, and in such case, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a Discontinuance of the Action, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath for Costs of Suits in any other cases by Law.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Emcife or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein insertcdy or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents And Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said recited Act or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Customs in force in Ireland is provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow

certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and to repeal certain Bounties given to Persons

licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer and Ale by Retail in Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 'WT^ Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say:

For and upon evety Gallon of Aqua Vitay Strong Waters or Spirits which, at any time from and after the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, or for which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, over and above all other Duties payable thereon, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Eighth Day of April, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity; and which said additional Duty shall be paid by the first Maker or Distiller of such Spirits.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitay Strong Waters or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Distiller in Ireland, or of any Person for the Use of such Distiller on the said Eighth Day of April, the additional Duty or Sum of Two Shillings and Six ponce British Currency, over and above all othct Duties which shall have been charged or paid or such Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity:

And also for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitay Strong Waters or Spirits made in Great Britain or Ireland from Corn or Grain malted or unmalted, which shall have been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Importer of, Dealer in, Seller or Retailer of Spirits in Ireland, or of any Redifier, or any Compounder of Spirits, on the said Eighth Day of April, an additional Duty or Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, over and above all other Duties which shall have been paid on such Aqua Vitay Strong Waters or Spirits, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity;

11 Provided

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 46. 745

Provided always, That no such Charge of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon, upon any Spirits in the Exception. Stock, Cudody or Possession of any Person shall take place upon or affea any Person who (half not in the Whole have had the Quantity of Thirty Gallons in Stock, Custody or Possession, on the said Eighth Day of April, and that no such Charge shall take place on any Spirits in the Stock of any Compounder of Spirits, which shall have been actually compounded before the said Eighth Day of April.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, Additionnl Duty to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Fita^ Strong so* warehoused Waters or Spirits, made or diddled from Cojlfbr Grain, malted or unmalted in Ireland, and which having been warehoused in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores in Ireland pursuant to Law, shall at any time on fu^tioiu*or after the said Eighth Day of April, be taken out for Home Consumption in Ireland, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity over and above all Duties of Excise on such Spirits payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the said Eighth Day of April.

IV. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain 39 sc 40 G.3.

and Ireland, that in respect of the additional Duties by this Act imposed on Spirits made in Ireland, 0.67*

additional Countervailing Duties should be charged upon the like Spirits made in Great Britain, and 40 G. 3.(1.) 0.38.

respectively imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said Duties on Spirits made

in Ireland under this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, Countervailing

paid and satisfied, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on all such Spirits the Conn- Duty*

tervailing Duties following, over and above all Countervailing Duties whatever payable upon such Spirits

under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation; that is

to say:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, and which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any time after the said Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence British Currency, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity.

V. And be it further enacted, That for and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Drawback of

Com, malted or unmalted, and on which the Duties by Law payable thereon shall have been fully paid and Countervailing satisfied, and which shall be exported from Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Draw- J*1"*1

back, equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duties imposed by this Act upon Spirits made or distilled in inland to G. B. Great Britain from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, and imported from thence into Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall export to any other Place than Great Britain Drawback of Spirits distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, on which the additional Duties imposed Dutyrt^J

by this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of ttherVlwe^such Spirits a Drawback equal to the Duty by this Act imposed on such Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, than g. B. provided that all such Spirits shall be of a Strength not lets than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; and which said Drawback shall be over and above all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the said Eighth Day of April, in respect of such Spirits exported from Ireland to foreign Parts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties granted by this Act (the necef- Duties carried t#

Cary Charges of raising and paying the fame being deduded) shall be carried to and made Part of the Confo- Consolidated lidated Fund of Ireland. Fund

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon on Duty charged as Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn, malted or unmalted, imposed by this Act, shall be charged on^G-3*c-8*-every Distiller in respect of the Quantity of Spirits which shall be made or distilled by such Distiller, or for

which any Distiller shall be chargeable by Law to be computed, ascertained and charged, in such manner and under such Regulations, Directions and Provisions as are contained in an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Colie3ion of the Duties on'Spirits difltUed in Ireland, and the IVarehousing of such Spirits for Exportation* or in this or any other Act or Acts for granting, regulating or securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or for ware-housing the fame, and that all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties,

Forfeitures and Modes of recovering thereof, provided, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid, or in this or any other Act or Acts for granting, regulating or securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland\ or for the warehousing of any such Spirits, shall be applied and put in Practice in making Charges of Duty and other Charges on such Distiller in respect of the said Duties of Spirits under this Act, and with respect to the Warehousing of any Spirits charged with Duty under this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Rules, Regulations,

Redridions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures had been expressly repeated and enacted in this Att.

IX. And, in order to secure the said respective Duties of Two Shillings and Six pence by this Act imposed Regulation Or

taking an Account of Stock of Spirits la hand.

on every Gallon of Spirits, as well British as Irish % in the Stock, Cudody or Possession of every Distiller or Importer of, Dealer in Seller, Retailer and Redifier of Spirits in Ireland\ be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland shall and may by gauging or otherwise, take an Account of the Quantity of all such Spirits in the Stock, Cudody or Possession of any Distiller or Importer of Dealer in Seller or Retailer of Spirits, or of any Redifier of Spirits in Ireland, or of any Person for the Use of any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seiler, Retailer or Redifier respectively, on the said Eighth Day of April* and of all such Spirits not compounded, which on the said Eighth Day of April shall be in the Stock, Cudody 52 Geo. III. 515 or

746 C. 46.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Penalty. Distiller*, &c. to

on Oath, within Thirty one Days after paf-'sing Act.

or Possession of any Compotinder of Spirits in Ireland; and every such Officer or Officers shall make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the respective Districts in which such Spirits shall have been, on the said Eighth Day of -dpril> of the just and true Quantity of all such Spirits, and of the Amount of the said respective Duties of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon thereon respectively payable over and above the Duty theretofore paid or payable thereon, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Person respectively; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or them at any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, of or belonging to any such

Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller or Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, or at any Place where any Spirits

belonging to any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder shall be, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Spirits therein, or if any such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, or Person having the Custody or Possession of such Spirits, shall neglect or refuse to shew to such Officer all the Spirits in every such Warehouse or other Place, such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person, into or at whose Warehouse or other Place such Officer or Officers shall not be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Spirits therein, and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer or Officers all such Spirits as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence or Default respectively in any of the cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. v

_ ___ X. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or deliver at Excise Compounder, who on the said Eighth Day of Slpril shall have had in his, her or their Stock, Custody or

Office an Ac- Possession, (other than His Majesty's Warehouse?, or under His Majesty's Locks) or in any Store Room,

count of Stock Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person, for his, her or their in hand, veri e jjfe, any whatever, which shall be liable to the said nrfpetlive additional Duties of Two Shillings and

Six pence per Gallon, by this Act granted, shall, within Thirty one Days from and after the passing of this Act, deliver at the Office of Excise of the District in which such Spirits shall have been on the said Eighth Day of jlpril, a just, true and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all such Spirits, which on the said Eighth Day of dpril shall have so been in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person in every such Warehouse, Store Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person for his, her or their Use, describing the Places where the same shall respectively be or may have been, and the Situation thereof; and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier, Compounder or other Person delivering such Account, shall make Oath, or if a Quaker a solemn Affirmation, before any Chief Commissioner or Sub Commissioner of Excise, that such Account is a true, just and perfect Account of all such Spirits as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation any such Commissioner or Sub Commissioner is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered the Accounts hereby respectively required, within the respective Times aforesaid, or who shall neglect to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Spirits of which such Account shall not be delivered within the Times aforesaid, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to the said additional Duties of Two Shillings and Six pence per Gallon on such Spirits, shall be chargeable and charged with the said Duties upon the Returns or Accounts to be made and delivered by the Officer of Excise, or by such Persons respectively under this Act, according to such of the said Returns or Accounts as shall produce the highest Amount of Duty, and that every such Person shall pay the said Duty accordingly; and when no Account shall have been delivered* by any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder, the Return made by the Officer shall be a conclusive Charge on such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Rectifier or Compounder; and that every Person so charged shall, within Three Calendar Months next after the said Eighth Day of jiprily pay to the Collector of Excise of the District all such Duty as shall be due by such Person for or on account of the said additional Duty, or in Default of Payment thereof within the time aforesaid, every such Person so making Default shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount for which such Person shall be so charged as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so chargeable with the said additional Duty, and actually charged therewith pursuant to the Provisions aforesaid, who shall remove any Spirits after the said additional Duties shall have been charged thereon as aforesaid, without having paid and cleared off the said additional Duties, or in whose Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise, there shall appear to have been any Decrease of such Spirits, without having obtained from the proper Officer or Officers a Permit or Permits authorizing the Removal of the Spirits so deficient, shall forfeit and pay a Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the additional Duty chargeable on such Spirits: Provided always, that whereas by reason of Quantities of Spirits being fold or u(ed by Retailers of Spirits in Quantities so small as not to require a Permit for the Removal thereof. Deficiencies may arise between such Stock Account and the actual Quantity of Spirits in the Possession of such Retailer, the said Penalty for a Decrease in Stock shall not be inflicted on any Retailer in any case in which such Retailer shall satisfactorily prove that such Decrease was solely occasioned by the Removal of Spirits out of such Retailer's Stock, in Quantities so* small as not to require a Permit for such Removal.

9 XIII. And

[Penalty.]

Duty ebargad on .biglieit Returns.

[Penalty.]

Spirits not removed unlcis Duty paid, or without Permit.

[Penalty.]

Proviso,

A.D. 181£. 52° GEORGII III. C. 46.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have fold or shall fell any Spirits chargeable with the said additional Duty, and shall be desirous of removing such Spirits, no Permit shall be granted for the Removal thereof, unless the said additional Duties hereby imposed, and all other Duties due thereon, shall have been previously paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Spirits for the Removal of which from any Place in Ireland to any other Place within the same, either Coast ways or by Canal or Land Carriage, a Coast Cocket or Permit shall have been granted before the said Eighth Day of April, and which shall arrive at the Place of its Dcftination on or after the said Eighth Day of April, shall on its Arrival become chargeable with the said additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence for and upon every Gallon thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return thereof in Writing to the Collector of Excise of the DistridI, in like manner as is herein directed with respect to the Return to be made by any Officer or Officers, of Spirits in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person on the said Eighth Day of April; and the Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redlifier or Compounder into whose Custody or Possession such Spirits shall come on or after the said Eighth Day of April, shall be charged with and pay the additional Duty for the fame; and every Person so charged shall within Three Months next after the Arrival of such Spirits, pay to the Collector of Excise of the DistridI all such Duty as shall be due by such Person for and on account of such Spirits, or in Default of Payment thereof at the time aforesaid, every such Person so making Default shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty for which such Person shall be charged as aforesaid, and no other Coast Cocket or Permit shall be granted for the further Removal of such Spirits, until the said Duty on the full Quantity of Spirits* for the Removal of which a Coast Cocket or Permit shall be required, shall be previously paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be charged with the additional Duty by this Act imposed upon any Spirits in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall have fold or contracted to fell any such Spirits to any Person or Persons, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, before the said Eighth Day of April, then and in every such case the Buyer of the said Spirits shall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of such Spirits without first paying the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been chargeable or charged with, or shall have paid for such Spirits under the Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be charged with the additional Duties by this Act imposed upon Spirits, in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, shall on or after the said Eighth Day of April, have fold or contracted to fell any such Spirits to any Person or Persons, and shall have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, then and in every such case the Buyer of the said Spirits shall pay to the Seller the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been charged with, or shall have paid for such Spirits under this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases when any Duties payable under this Act, by any Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redlifier or Compounder for or on account of such Spirits in his or her Stock, Custody or Possession, or in the Custody of any other Person for his or her Use, shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the DistridI, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the DistridI, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain any Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Possession of such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redlifier or Compounder owing such Duties, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction, and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redlifier or Compounder, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall forthwith be tendered and paid to such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redlifier or Compounder, or his or her respective Representatives: Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller, Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, Redlifier or Compounder, or his or her respective Representatives at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits upon his, her or their paying to the Collector or other Chief Officer aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he, she or they shall desire to remove, and the fame may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall on due Application be given for the fame, in like manner as if no such Distress had been made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted, allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and allowed, sued for, recovered and applied, in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise or new Impofl upon H'ts Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioneri of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commtffoners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved* as in and by

5 D a the'

741

NoPermitunlef* all Duties paid.

Additional Duty on Spirits carried Coastwise, &c. landed on or after the 8rh of April.

[Penalty.]

In cases of Cm* trart, Delivery of Spirits not claimed unless Buyer pay Duty;

If Spirits delivered Buyer t* pay Duty.

Duty on Spiriy in Stock unpaid levied by Distress,

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid.

14& IS Car. 2.

\\.) StfC* c. 8.

46 G. 3.0.106.

50 G. 3. c. 46. Bounty by recited Atf to cease. Exception.

Act altered, Itc.

49 0.3..7.

So far at respect Ireland revived and continued.

Lord Lieutenant, after O&.l, 181 a, imy permit Distillation of Spirits from Grain, and may afterwards con* tioue Prohibition for a limited time.

Worts, See. al ready brewed to be distilled on or before May 18, 1812, &c.

[Penalty.]

C. 46, 47. 5 20 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XIX. And whereas an Act was made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 1 Atr jor encouraging the Consumption of Malt Liquor in Ireland, the Provisions of which Ad have not proved*beneficial, and it is expedient to repeal the fame Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, and all and every Bounty by the said Act granted, and all and every the Clauses, Articles, Matters and Things in the said Act contained, shall, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, cease and determine, and shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so far as relates to the Payment and Allowance of any Bounty to which any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder by Retail, shall, under the Provisions of the said Act, be or shall have been entitled for the Quarter of the Year ending on the said Twenty fifth Day of March, or for any preceding Quarter of a Year, and the obtaining of the proper and necessary Accounts, Returns and Certificates for the vouching or receiving any such Payment, and also save as to any Offence which shall have been or may be committed against the said Act, and any Proceedings to be taken for the Punishment of any Person or Persons offending against the said Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts. to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL VII.

An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, as relates to Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom for a limited Time, should be revived and continued for a time to be limited, as far as the fame regards Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby, as far as the fame regards that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and as far as the fame is not altered by this Act, revived, and shall remain and continue in force from thenceforth until and upon the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in his or their Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Oats, Barley or any other Corn or Grain (Wheat excepted), or from Malt, Flour or Bran, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Council to be published from time to time in The Dublin Gazette, to permit and suffer all and every Person and Persons (but not any particular Person or Persons) in Ireland, at any time or times not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Council, to make Worts or Wash for Distillation, and to distil Spirits from Oats, Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, (Wheat excepted) or from any Malt, Flour or Bran; or in case the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time after the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in his or their Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, further to continue the Prohibition of the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, or by Order in Council to be published from time to time in The Dublin Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the said Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until Forty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament, the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned 5 that is to say, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, during the Continuance of such Prohibition, no Worts or Walh for Distillation shall be made, and no Spirits shall be distilled from Oats, Barley or any other Cora or Graiu, or from Malt, Flour or Bran, or any Mixture with the same.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits in Ireland, at any time on or before the Eighteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to distil into Spirits all the Worts, Wash and Singlings brewed or made from Malt, Corn or Grain which shall on the said Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be in his, her or their Custody or Possession, and all Worts or Wash or Singlings, which shall after the said Eighteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be found by any Officer or Officer of Excise, or be in the Custody or Possession of any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirit in Ireland, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makert of Spirits in Ireland, shall dissolve, mis or brew any Sugar for the making of Worts

or

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 47, 48. 749

or Wash for extracting Spirits, until the Expiration of Four Days after the said Eighteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred i: nd twelve, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture inflicted by this Act shall Penaltiethow and may befued for and recovered, levied and-applied in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means recovered, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles 14 & 15 Car. a. the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, his Hr'trs and Successors, (*0 Sdr.4. c. 8. according to the Book of Rates therein inf cried, or by any other Law or Laws relative to His Majesty's Revenue

of Excite or Cudoins in force in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressedand re-enactedin this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal, to and for the AppeaL Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Cutioms in force in Ireland, is provided.

V. And whereas there may have been Contrafts made by Distillers in Ireland with other Persons for such Contracts for Spirits to be delivered at future times after the said Fourth Day of May; Be it therefore enacted, That all delivery of Contrafts or Bargains made by any Distiller with any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any such Spirits to be pr^biti^void delivered at any time during the Operation of this Act, shall be and are hereby declared null and void to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to Act altered, Su*. be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits diddled in Ireland from Corn, malted or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallons Content.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more effectual Suppression of illicit Distillation of Spirits, to make

Regulations for the Collection of the Duties on Spirits diddled in Ireland from Corn malted or un-

malted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallons Content; and for the Encouragement of licensed Distillers, having and using such Stills, to exempt such Distillers of and from all and every the Regulations in ' any Act or Acts of Parliament whatever, relating to the Trade of a Distiller, save only as are herein contained; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Dayt after the passing of this Act, nothing contained in an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty

sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Col- 46 G. 3. c. 8& lection of the Duties on Spirits difiilled in Ireland, and the IVarehoufing of such Spirits for Exportation; or in an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend an Act made 47 G.3. Sess. x. in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits c* x7* difiilled in Ireland; or in Two several Acts made In the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty* s Reign, 48 G. 3. c. 78. the one intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or difiilled iVIreland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and the other, intituled An Act 48 G. 3. c. 8i> to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits difiilled in Ireland; or m an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the feve- 49 3* c-99*

ral Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits difiilled in Ireland, and for the regu-laiing the Sale of such Liquors by Rtt ail; or in Two several Acts made in the Fiftieth Year of His present joG.g. c. 15. Majesty* s Reign, the one intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or difiilled in Ireland ^oG* 3*c- 99*' from Com, to allow'certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof to make further Regulations for the Encouragement of licensed Distillers, and for amending the Laws relating to the Dtflillery in Ireland; and the other in- this Act, live as. tituled An Act to amend the several Acts relating to the making of Malt, and the granting of Permits and Certifi- herein. cates, and the Regulations of Braziers, and of Persons employing more than one Still in Ireland; shall extend or be construed to extend, save as herein after mentioned, to any Distiller who shall be licensed to have or keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so much of the said fird recited Act, passed in the Fiftieth Duties und«r Year aforesaid, as imposes or grants Duties on Spirits to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be and 5°0.3. c 15. remain with respect to Distillers licensed under this Act, in full force to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act force*1010 had not been made.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller, having at the time of the passing of this Act b DiRillerf «t pre-

Licence in force to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, shall be delirous of continuing to j*enl Mcen^ work the fame, or in lieu thereof a Still of the like Content in the fame Distillery, it shall and may be lawful under,

for such Distiller to continue to work such Still, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in fUchLictoce. Ireland, or any Four of them, from time to time to grant to such Person a Licence to keep any Still of the

like Content in the fame Distillery, specifying in every such Licence that the lame is granted to a Distiller, who had, at the time of the passing of this Act, a Licence in force to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, and the Place where the fame had been so licensed to be kept 5 and every such Distiller shall be charged and chargeable #ith Duty, and shall be under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations,

Provisions, Restrictiont^ Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in

Irelands

C<vrmifTtoncn of Excise may license St-lls from to ico Gallons Content.

No Person to keep a Still without obtaining Licence.

No ?t»ll to exceed too Gallons Content, Minors being Dirt tilers, made liable to

Mode of estimating Contents of Still

Still cxeeding Content licensed.

[Penalty.]

Stills to be made in Proportions herein.

[Penalty.]

Person s requiring Licence shall register with Collector Situation of Dill tilery Stills, &c. Uten-fils and Stores.

C. 48. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Ireland, at or immediately before the passing of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons in Ireland, to keep and use any one Stillr the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall he capable of containing any Number of Gallons not less than Forty four Gallons, and which, with the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall not exceed One hundred Gallons Content, in any Place in Ireland where the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Four of them, shall deem expedient, towards effectuating the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall have, keep or make use of any such Still for diddling Spirits in Ireland, without having first obtained a Licence for keeping, and using the fame, from and signed by Four of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and every such Licence shall continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof, or until the Twenty ninth Day of September Two Years next after the Date of such Licence, in case the Person requiring such Licence shall desire the fame: Provided always, that Persons in Partnership carrying on the Business of distilling, shall not be obliged to take out more than One such Licence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons licensed under this Act, shall be licensed to keep or use at the same time any Still exceeding One hundred Gallons Content.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend and be con (trued to extend to any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, in whose Name, or for whose Use and Benefit any Distillery shall be exercised, managed or carried on; and such Person shall be liable to all Duties of Excise on account of such Distillery, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person were adult and of full Age.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of charging the Duty on Spirits, the Content of any Still licensed under this Act shall be estimated according to the Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head thereof, and every Appendage to such Still or Head of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, whereby such Still or the Head thereof, or any Part thereof, shall be connected, or shall any way communicate with the Worm as high as the Steam can afeend, and until the Top of the Head, or any Appendage to such Still or Head, shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, shall be actually capable of containing; and if any Still of the Content specified in the Licence of or under Sixty five Gallons, shall exceed by Two Gallons the Content specified in such Licence as being the Content of such Still, or if any Still of the Content specified in the Licence of or under One hundred Gallons and exceeding Sixty five Gallons, shall exceed by Four Gallons the Content specified in such Licence as being the Content of such Still, the Distiller or Distillers shall forfeit a Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Gallon which the Content of such Still shall exceed the Content specified in the Licence as the Content of such Still, and such Still shall be forfeited and may be seized.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Still shall be of the Proportions following 5 the Diameter of such Still, to be taken in the widest Part of such Still, and in that Place of such widest Part as shall be moll remote from the Bottom of such Still, shall be to the Altitude of such Still ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter so taken to the Bottom of such Still, in the Proportion of not more than Three to One 5 that is to say, for every Inch of such Altitude, such Diameter shall not exceed Three Inches, and so in Proportion; and that the Diameter of the Bottom of such Still to be taken in an horizontal Line, shall not be equal to the greatest Diameter thereof taken as aforesaid, and shall not be less than Three fifths of such greatest Diameter, nor shall the Bottom of any such Still be otherwise curved than inwards or towards the Body of such Still; and if any Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Still, the Proportion of the Diameter and Altitude whereof shall be contrary to this Act, every such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized, and the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring such Licence, shall sign and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, an Account in Writing to be entered and registered in the Office of Excise of the District in which such Still is to be kept, containing his, her or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where the Distillery containing such Still is or shall be situated, and of the Still, Still-head and Worm, intended to be kept there, and the Number of Gallons which the Body of such Still is capable of containing, and also the Number of Gallons which such Still is capable of containing, together with the Head thereof, and every other Appendage thereto included) separately set forth; and shall also in like manner sign and deliver an Account in Writing to be so entered and registered as aforesaid, of all Coppers, Vats, Keeves, Backs, Coolers, Vessels, Pipes, Shutes, Trunks and other Utensils whatever to be used in such Distillery, and also of the several Stores, Apartments and Places wherein any Part of the Business of such Distillery is to be carried on, or wherein any Materials for distilling of Spirits or any Spirits are to be kept or stored; and in every such written Account, the Person making the same shall distinguish the Still, Still-head and Worm, and also every Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, Pipe, Shute, Trunk and other Utensil whatever, and also every such Store, Apartment and Place, by separate Numbers relating to each Article in arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One; and upon such Still, Still-head and Worm, and upon every such Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, Pipe, Shute, Trunk and Utensil, and also upon the outside of the Door of every such Store, Apartment and Place, shall cause to be painted with an Oil Colour in Black upon a White Ground, or in White upon a Black Ground, and shall keep thereon so painted the Number thereof respectively, in Conformity with such Account 5 and that the Surveyor of Excise, within whose Survey such Distillery shall be situate, shall, at the Bottom of every such

Account,

751

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 48.

Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the Collector or other Person in Charge of the Collection of the Diitrid, certify the Truth of such Account by signing his Name thereto; and thereupon the Collector of Excise or other Person in Charge as aforesaid, shall file such Account in the Office of Excise of the District, and enter and register the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof signed by him; and before any such Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep any Still, such Person shall produce to the said Commissioners of Excise the said Certificate of the Collector or other Person in Charge of the Collection; and such Person applying for such Licence, shall also with Two sufficient Sureties, to be previously approved of by the Collector of Excise, or other Person in Charge of the Collection of the District within which such Distillery is situate (such Approbation of the said Sureties to be certified by such Collector or Person so in Charge as aforesaid) enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Gallon of the Content or the Still to be licensed, the Body and Head inclusive, conditioned for the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be chargeable by Law on such Person for the Duties on Spirits or Strong Waters distilled by such Person, or with which such Person shall be charged under and by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force or to be in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties on Spirits di(tilled in Ireland,

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Four Commis-Excise and Taxes, or any Four of them, to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons whatever to Goners may re- keep any such Still, or to withdraw the Licence granted for any such Still: Provided always, that the orew"-, ^r*vv Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office Approbation of of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, be (irft had and obtained for every such Refusal or withdrawing of any Treasury. such Licence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person licensed as a Distiller under this Act shall rectify or Distillers not to compound any Spirits, and that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to grant any be Rectifiers <>r Licence to rectify or compound Spirits to any such Distiller so licensed under this Act, or to any Person in Compounders. Trust for or on the Account of such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall rectify or compound any Spirits/ or penalty.

shall be directly or indirectly concerned or engaged in the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, the Licence of such Distiller under this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and the Still, Still Head and Worm, and every Copper, Vat, Cooler, Back or other Vessel or Utensil whatever for distilling, and all Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot Ale, Malt or Com, and all Materials for making Spirits fdund in the Possession of any such Distiller, shall be forfeited, and may be seizetl.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller licensed under this Act shall fell or deal in any Distiller in what Spirits not distilled by such Distiller, or be entitled to obtain any Licence to fell or deal in the fame; and if cases only to fell any such Distiller shall receive or fell, or deal in any Home-made or Foreign Spirits, by Commission or Spirit* otherwise contrary to this Act, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Penalty* Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller shall have any Share in, or be in any manner Distillers not to

concerned in the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; and if any Distiller shall, contrary hereto, have any, ave Share in Share in, or be in any manner concerned in such Sale, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, Retai1 ot Spirit* forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller licensed under this Act, shall brew or make any Liquor Distillers not to

from Corn, malted or unmalted, other than Pot Ale, to be distilled by him; and it shall be lawful for any brew Liquor Officer of Excise to charge all Liquor made or brewed from Cora, malted or unmalted, in the Possession of f[om £orn °lher

any such Distiller, in the same manner as Pot Ale or Wash for the Purpose of distilling is by this Act nanPotA1e.

chargeable 5 and in case any Pot Ale or Liquor brewed or made from Corn, malted or unmalted, shall be

[Proviso.]

found in the Possession of such Distiller not duly declared by him, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Penalty. Twenty Pounds, together with the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Ten Gallons of such Pot Ale or other Liquor: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for every such Distiller to have in his Dwelling House, a reasonable Quantity of Beer and Ale for the Use of himself and his Family, such Ale or Beer not having been brewed by such Distiller.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller licensed under this Act shall make, extract or distil, Dirtillers not to any Low Wines or Spirits from Molasses or Sugar, or from any Molasses Wash or Sugar Wash or Sweet ^'lirom Water or any Mixture with the fame 5 and if any such Distiller shall make, extract or distil, or cause to )^e

made, extracted or distilled, any Low Wines or Spirits from Molasses or Sugar, or from any Molasses Wash or Sugar Wash or Sweet Water or any Mixture with the fame, or shall make or prepare any Wort or Wash from Molasses or Sugar, or any Mixture with the fame, every such Distiller shall forfeit One hundred Penalty. Pounds; and all Molasses Wash or Sugar Wash prepared from any of the aforesaid Materials, or from any Mixture with the fame, and all Low Wines and Spirits made, extracted or distilled therefrom, shall be

forfeited and may be seized; and upon the Trial of any Information for the said Penalty or for any of the said Forfeitures, such Distiller shall be convicted, unless due Proof shall be made by such Distiller

that the Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, in respect of which such Information shall be brought, was not

made, extracted or distilled, from any Molasses or Sugar, or Molasses Wash or Sugar Wash or Sweet Water.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, licensed under this Act, shall have or keep, or Using Still, &c.

make use of any Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or not regiiteicd 1

other Vessel or Utensil whatever, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected,

directly or indirectly, with any Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, such

Still*

75 2

or having or using Still, &c. other than registered, without Four Days Notice and Regis-

[Penalty.]

Distillers not to keep more Worms than Stills.

Stills having more than One Worm.

[Penalty.]

Coppers used as Stills forfeited. Penalty. Apparatus rendering Copper capable of being used in Distilla-tion.

[Penalty.]

Distillers to set Stills and provide Faitenings, Docks and Keys,

Penalty. Dimensions of Coppers;

how to be set.

[Penalty.]

How Coolers fade lied and accommodated to Ule of Officers.

[Penalty.]

Spirits, fcc. shall be kept in Store in or adjoining to Distillery

[Penalty.]

0, 48. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Vessel or U.t?nfil, Appendage or Apparatus, not having been set forth, numbered, entered and registered as aforesaid 5 or if any Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Vessel or Utensil, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected directly or indirectly with any Still, Still Head, Worm or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, other than such as shall have been set forth in such Account, Entry or Registry, without having given Four Days Notice in Writing to the Collector or other superior Officer of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of his, her or their, Distillery, and without an Account thereof being signed, delivered, entered and registered in manner aforesaid; such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Vessel or Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and every such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Vessel or Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Distiller shall have or keep any greater Number of Worms of a Still than one Worm of a Still, or shall use with any one Still more than One Worm 5 and if any: greater Number of Worms of a Still shall be found in the Distillery of, or in any other Place belonging to or occupied by any Distiller, than One Worm, every such Worm of a Still so found, and also every Stul with which more than One Worm shall be used, or to which there shall be more than One Arm, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller in whose Possession any such Worm or Worms, or Still shall be founds shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller licensed under this Act shall use any Copper in hit Distillery, for any other Purpose than boiling or warming Water, or small Worts of a preceding Brewery, mixed with Water, or if by means of any Appendage or Apparatus annexed to or used with any Copper, or by means of any Device or Contrivance whatever, any Copper shall be connected with the Body or Head or Worm of any Still, every such Copper and Still, and the Head and Worm thereunto belonging, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and such Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Apparatus shall be found in the Possession, or in the Distillery of any Distiller, which might render such Copper or Coppers capable of being used in Distillation, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty, Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall set every Still used or kept by him in Brick or Stone with Mortar, and shall from time to time provide such Fastenings, Locks and Keys to the Head and Cocks of the Still, and to the Furnace Door thereof, and shall keep the fame in good and sufficient Order, in such manner as shall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge of such Distillery, or other superior Officer of Excise, or shall pay for such Fastenings, Locks and Keys, as shall be providtfl by such Surveyor or Officer; and if any such Distiller shall use or keep any Still not so set in Brick or Stone, or shall neglect to provide, repair or pay for such Fastenings, Locks and Keys, within such time as shall be required by such Surveyor or other superior Officer of Excise, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Distiller shall make use of, or keep in any Distillery anr Copper or Vessel for warming or boiling Water, or brewing Pot Ale, the Diameter whereof at the Mouth shall be less than the Diameter thereof in any other Part of such Copper or Vessel, or shall have or keep any such Copper or other Vessel set or placed in any manner other than in such Situation as that the Still or Place where such Still shall be set or shall stand, shall be in as direct a Line as the Building will permit, between the Place where such Copper or other Vessel shall be set or stand, and the Place where the Worm-tub shall be set or shall stand, every such Copper or Vessel shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller in whole Distillery any such Copper or Vessel shall be found, or any such Copper or Vessel shall be set or placed in any Situation other than as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each such Offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Distiller shall in any Distillery make use of any Cooler which shall not be screwed down or otherwise fattened to Beams, firmly fixed at both Ends in the Walls of the Building, or in some other firm and substantial manner, or shall alter the Level or Dipping Place of any Cooler or Back in such Distillery, or the Beams that support the fame, after it shall have been so fixed as aforesaid, or shall suffer the same to be altered without having previously given Four Days Notice thereof to th^ Surveyor or Gauger in charge of such Distillery 5 or if such Distiller shall use any Cooler through or across the Centre of which there shall not be erected and constantly kept fixed Lengthways, from one End to the other, a firm Frame or Stage of Wood at least Eighteen Inches in Breadth, and of Thickness sufficient to prevent the fame from bending, where from the Officer of Excise may gauge the Liquor in such Cooler 5 or if there shall not be a firm Hand-rail of length of such Stage, conveniently placed in respect thereto, every Distiller so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall keep all Spirits diHilled, and all Wash, s Pot Ale, Singlings and Low Wines, in the Distillery of such Distiller, or in some Store or Stores in or

adjoining to such Distillery, registered in manner hereinbefore mentioned; and all Spirits, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, which shall be found in any Store or Stores not so registered, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller or Distillers, or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, shall, for every Gallon of such Spirits, and for every Ten Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings and Low Wines, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

I J 6 XXIV. And

52° GEORGII III.

C-48- 753

Cades containing Spirits Content of.

[Penalty.]

Officers empowered to entef Distilleries and take Accouuu

Obstructing

Officers.

[Penalty.]

gauging.

[Penalty.]

Distillers shall furniffi Officers with Ladders and

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits stored in the Store or Distillery of any Distiller, shall be kept in Calks of the Size or Content of not leis than Sixty Gallons each; and if any Calk shall be found in any such Store or Distillery containing Spirits which shall be of any less Size or Content, such Dilliller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Calk.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, to enter into every House, Distillery, Still-house, Out-house, Store and Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any such Dilliller in Ireland, and to gauge, measure and take an Account of every Still, Still-head, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Vessel or Utensil of any Kind, of or belonging to or kept by any such Dilliller, and to gauge and take an Account of ail Spirits which shall be from time to time made or dillilled, and of all Malt and Corn, and of all Worts, Warn, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines and Materials whatsoever, for making or dillilling Spirits which shall be from time to time made use of by such Dilliller, and of all such Spirits which shall be from time to time made use of by such Dilliller, and of all such Spirits and Materials for making or dillilling of such Spirits as shall be in any House, Distillery, Store or Place belonging to such Dilliller, and make Returns thereof in manner herein after mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise or his Assistant, shall be hindered, ob-ftru&ed or prevented by any Dilliller, or by any Servant or Person acting in Employment of such Dilliller, from entering into any fu^h Distillery, or any House, Outhouse. Store or other Place whatsoever of such Distillery, or if any such Officer or his Assistants having e.tered, shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by such Dilliller, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Dilliller, or in or upon the Premises of such Dilliller, from gauging any Vessels, or taking any Account of the Stock of Malt, Corn or Spirits of such Dilliller, or of any Liquor or Ingredients preparing for or used or ready to be used in dillilling in such Distillery, or from seeing the whole Procefa of dillilling completely finiftied, or from taking an Account of the Liquors dillilled or to be dillilled, or in Process of dillilling, or from doing any Part of his Duty, every such Dilliller shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Dilliller shall place and keep all Calks and Vessels in Calks to be

which any Spirits shall be stored or kept, or which shall be made use of in dillilling, in convenient Situations, P(aced conve-with their dipping Place uppermost and easy of Access, in such manner as any Officer of Excise in Charge of or the Distillery shall reasonably diretfl, for the more readily and tffe&ually taking the Gauge thereof; or in Default thereof, every such Dilliller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Calk or Vessel not so placed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Dilliller on Demand of any Officer of Excise, made at the Distillery of such Dilliller, shall not furnish, or cause to be fufnished, a strong and safe Ladder with Steps Four Inches broad at the least, or shall not have provided a Hand Rail, or a Rope in Nature of a Hand Rail, conveniently placed with respect to such Ladder, of Length sufficient to enable such Officer to afeend to and examine any Cooler, Back, Worm, Tub or other Vessel or Utensil in such Distillery, or shall not fix such Ladder at the dipping Place of any such Cooler, Back, Worm, Tub or other Vessel or Utensil, where such Officer shall require; or shall, on any Visit made by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to supply every such Officer, on Demand, with sufficient Lights for the Purpose of searching and gauging all the Stock on hand belonging to such Dilliller, as well by Day as by Night, every Dilliller so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall at any time, when Singlings or Officer may Spirits shall not be running off from a Still, require that the Water contained in the Worm Tub belonging to Y^, er 1* such Still shall be drawn or run off, the same shall be drawn or run off accordingly; and if the same shall not be be run off*drawn or run off by fume Person in the Distillery, it shall be lawful for any such Officer to draw or run off

such Water, or so much thereof as he shall think necessary; and if the Water shall not be so drawn or run off

at the Request of such Officer, the Dilliller in whose Distillery such Worm-tub shall be situate shall forfeit the penalty#

Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall not be admitted into any Distil- Refuting Admft-lery, after having demanded Admittance into the fame, and declared his Name and Business, and after having tance to Officer, .waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after such Demand made, at the House of the Dilliller, or the Gate or Entrance Door, or any Window of the Distillery of fuc h Distiller, such Dilliller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XXXI. And whereas Dilliller9 have frequently made use of Places adjoining their own Houses or Dif- tillcries, for the Purpose of clandestinely making, brewing, dillilling or concealing their Malt, Walh, Pot

Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits; ' For Remedy whereof, Be it further enacted, That if the Owner Owner of adjoin-or Occupier of any House, Store or other Place adjoining to or in the Neighbourhood of the Dwelling House lo

or Distillery of any Dilliller, or of any Servant of the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place, shall a m, t cer ta not, on Demand of any Officer of Excise, made in the Day-time, admit such Officer of Excise, or shall not allow him to enter and search such Houses, Store or Place, for Malt, Worts, Walh, Pot Ale, Singlings,

Low Wines or Spirits, such Occupier of such House, Store or other Place, shall in every such case forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if no Person shall attend or appear in such House, Store or Place If no Person ap* as aforesaid, to give Entrance to such Officer, it shall be lawful, in the t)ay-time, for such Officer and his pears to gi\e Assistants, or in the Night-time, for such Officer and his Assistants, in the Presence of a Constable or other officer* Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and affilling therein, to break open and enter break apet? such House, Store or Place, and make Search therein for any Malt, Walh, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or 52 Geo. III. 5 E Spirits,

[Penalty.]

search in Daytime.

[Penalty.]

St c.

Officer may enter Distilleriei from adjoining Houses.*Penalty. Distiller to give Notice of ma thing Com.

[Penalty.]

Pot Ale distilled hi order in which brewed.

[Penalty.]

Keeping hi Backs of full Content of Still, lefa Quantity of Pot Ale than full Charge of Still.

[Penalty.]

No Allowance for Grouting.

Mode of charging from De-crease of Pot Ale and Singling*.

Pot Ale not distilled within Six Days how charged.

Wort* not to be heated after Pfcroaenuiien.

C. 48. 52° GEORGII Hi. A.D. 1812.

Spirits, which such Officer may have reasonable or probable Cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein: Provided always, that ir upon Search no such Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines or Spirits shall be found, such Officer shall repair all the Damages done, or make reasonable Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Occupier of such House, Store or Place.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the House, Store or Place broken open and entered, shall communicate with the Distillery, or any Part of the Premisea thereunto belonging, and if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not on Demand made, give Entrance into such Distillery to any Officer requiring the fame, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Distiller shall intend to brew or mash any Corn, such Distiller shall, four Hours at lead before he shall brew or mash any Corn, give Notice to the Officer in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller (by an Entry to be nude in a Book to be provided by such Officer for such Distiller, and to be kept in such Distillery) of the particular Hour and Time when such Distiller so intends to brew or mash any Corn, and the Number of Bushels of Corn, distinguishing whether malted or un-malted, or Meal intended to be used in every such Brewing or Mashing, and also the time when such Brewing will be completed and the Worts be off; and if such Distiller shall intend to make any second Mashing of the fame Materials, with any Addition thereto of any further Quantity of Corn malted or unmahed, such Distiller shall give a like Notice; and such Book shall be carefully kept by such Distiller, artd the said Entries being made therein, the said Book shall, within Forty eight Hours after the Expiration of every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, be delivered by such Distiller to such Officer; and in case any Corn, malted or unmalted, shall be mafhedor brewed in the Distillery of any Distiller without such Notice being given by Entry to be made in such Book, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every brewing of Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, shall be separately run off into or placedon Coolers, and shall be therein gauged by the proper Officer within a reasonable time before the same shall be let into any fermenting Back; and all Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, shall be distilled in the Order in which the fame was brewed; and that no newer Worts, Wash or Pot Ale shall be distilled while there is any older Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, on hand and not distilled; and that if any such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, which shall not have been so run off into and placed on Coolers, and remain thereon fora reasonable time, in order that the fame may be gauged accordingly, or which shall have been brewed longer than any such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, as shall have been then sr&ually distilled or diddling, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller licensed under this Act, shall put into or keep in any Back, Cooler or other Vessel, which shall be capable of containing the full Charge of the Still of such Distiller, at any one time, afrnaller Quantity of Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, than the full Charge of such Still; nor shall mix in any One such Back Two or more different Brewings of Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or any Parr thereof.; nor shall put any Low Wines or Singlings into any Vessel, until every other Vessel in such Distillery in which any Low Wines or Singlings shall have been previously put, shall be completely filled with Low Wines or Singlings; and if any Back, Cooler or other Vessel, in the Distillery of any Distiller, shall be found containing any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to the Regulations of this Act, such Distiller, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be made in the guaging or taking Account of the Contents of any Back, Vat or other Vessel, for oriu respect of any Grouting or Ground Corn, or Meal or other Composition, Matter or Thing added to the Worts, Wash or Pot Ale in such Back, Vat or other Vessel, whilst such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, are in the Course of Preparation for being distilled.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall charge the Distiller upon any Decrease of Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of such Worts, Wash or Pot Ale so decreased 5 and upon any Decrease of any Low Wines or Singlings, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings so decreased, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings respectively 5 and when and as often as any Still shall be charged with any Wash or Pot Ale, the Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated at the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Ten Gallons of such Wash or Pot Ale, according to the Content of such Still, estimated as in this Act is mentioned; and when and as often as any Still shall be charged with any Low Wines or Singlings, the Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings, according to the Content of such Still estimated as aforesaid, deducting in both cases from the Content of such Still One-eighth Part thereof for Liberty for such Still to work, and the Officer shall make a Return of the Quantities of Spirits and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned; and every such Distiller shall, over and above the Quantities aforesaid, be charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits as he shall actually distil.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Wash or Pbt Ale which shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Six Days, including the Day of brewing and the Day of diHilling the fame, shall be considered as Wash or Pot Ale, not included in any former Charge against the Distiller, and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Wash or Pot Ale, according to the Directions of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall boil, heat or prepare, by means of Fire, any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale or other Liquor, in any Copper, Vessel or other Utensil whatever, other than a licensed Still, after such Worts, Wash, Pot Ale or other Liquor has been fermented; but'that all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale,

Liquor

52° GEORGII III.

C. 49. 755

Liquor or other Materials shall, after Fermentation, be fairly put into a licensed Still without having undergone boiling, heating, or any Preparation by means of Fire, whereby the Process of Distillation may be short-ened or accelerated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of tfifty Pounds /or every such Offence.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall find any Still at work, and the Distillft* or any Person employed by such Distiller, shall refuse to declare what such Still then contains, it shall be lawful for such Officer of Excise to charge the Distiller as if such Still contained Singlings or Low Wines, and such Distiller shall pay the Duties by this Act chargeable accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Liquor shall be declared as Feints or taken as such in any Distil-lery, which shall be of a greater Strength than Eighty five per Centum under Proof; and that in case any Liquor declared as Feints shall be found of a greater Strength, the same shall be charged as Singlings or Low Wines; and that no Liquor called Feints, shall be distilled or otherwise disposed of than by being, at the Option of the Distiller, spilled or mixed with Pot Ale or Wash, in the Presence of an Officer of Excise; and that if any Decrease shall at any time be found in the Quantity of such Feints, more than is justified by the Quantity so mixed with Wash or Pot Ale, or so spilled as aforesaid, in the Presence of an Officer, such Distiller shall be charged for a Quantity of Spirits in Proportion of One Gallon of Spirits to every Three Gallons of such Decrease of Quantity in such Feints.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Excise shall have entered into the Distillery, Warehouse, Store or any other Place belonging to any Distiller licensed under this Act, such Distiller or some Person employed on Behalf of such Distiller, shall on demand of any such Officer, shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer, all the Stock on hand of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines and Spirits^ belonging to such Distiller, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration of the fame; that is to say, that the Stock so shewn is all the Stock of Walh, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines and Spirits, of -or belonging to such Distiller; and if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not on Demand made by any such Officer, forthwith shew or cause to be shewn such Stock, or make such Declaration as aforesaid, or if such Distiller or any Person shewing such Stock or making such Declaration shall make any false or untrue Declaration of such Stock, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall upon Search discover any Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines or Spirits, belonging to such Distiller, which shall not have been duly shewn or declared, or which shall be in any Place or Store belonging to such Distiller not registered under this Act, then all such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines or Spirits shall be forfeited, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits, and for every Ten Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines, so found and discovered.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That ever)' such Distiller or Servant, or Person in the Employment of such Distiller, who shall shew the Stock of such Distiller to any Officer of Excise, shall count all the Casks of Spirits and declare the Number thereof, and the Quantity of Spirits contained in each Cask, to such Officer taking an Account of the fame; and in case such Distiller, Servant or other Person, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if after such Declaration as aforesaid, any of the Cades which shall have been declared to contain Spirits, shall he found to be empty or to contain any other Liquor or Thing save only Spirits, or a greater or less Quantity of Spirits than so declared as aforesaid, or if more Casks than One shall be found not to be full, or if a greater Number of Casks shall be found than have been so declared, every such Cask and the Contents thereof shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall before commencing to brew any Wort9, Wash or Pot Ale, and also before commencing to work any Still in any Year, and so in like manner before he or she shall recommence to brew any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or to work any Still after any Discontinuance thereof in such Year, give Six Days Notice in Writing, of which the Day of Service of such Notice to be reckoned one, to the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Distiller intends to commence so to brew or to work any Still respectively, or to recommence so to brew any Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale, or to work any Still after any Discontinuance thereof; and any Distiller who shall brew any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or who shall work any Still without having given such respective Notices, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no other Dky than Monday shall be mentioned in any such Notice for commencing or recommencing to work a Still, and that no such Distiller shall commence or recommence to work any Still in pursuance of any such Notice, except on a Monday, and every such Still shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work from the Day mentioned in such Notice for commencing or recommencing to work such Still, until the working thereof shall be discontinued in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, every such Distiller may from time to time discontinue the working of any such Still on giving a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to discontinue such working to the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Distillery-of such Distiller, Six Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing to work, requiring by such Notice that the Still may be locked on the Day expressed in such Notice, and speci* fying the Day and Hour of the Day at which such working is intended to be discontinued: Provided always, that no other Day than Monday dc mentioned in any such Notice for discontinuing to work, and that such Monday shall be the close of a Period of Weeks in the Year whereof the common Diviforor aliquot Part shall fce Four, and shall not be less than Four Weeks distant from the time of commencing to work such Still in any

5 E 2 Year,

Perfrlty.

Contents of St'.II not declared. Proceeding*.

What coitfiderel as Feints.

How disposed of*

Decrease in Feints, Distiller charged.

Declaration of Stock.

[Penalty.]

Pot Ale, Ac founl after Declaration forfeited. Penalty.

Mode of declaring Stock of Spirits.

[Penalty.]

Notice to brew' Pot Ale and Commencement of working SntW

Penalty*

Distiller com- ' mencing and recommencing Work.

Notice.

Distiller discontinuing Work. Notice.

Proviff.

c»

756 C. 48.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

On Notice of Discontinuance, Officer to fatten Still.

Not allowed to do so, Dittiller

Still found warm after Notice of Discontinuance.

Penalty. Dittiller may recommence on giving Notice.

Monthly

Charges,

Year, nor less than Four Weeks distant from the time of recommencing to work the fame after any Discontinir-ance in such Year; and that the Hour of the Day specified in such Notice shall be some Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Monday.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise in Charge of such Dillillery, and he is hereby required to strap down and fallen the Head of such Still by locking the fame, and to lock the Door of the Furnace Grate, and to flop and lock the discharging Cock or Pipe of such Still; and if such Officer shall be prevented from so doing by any Person at such Distillery, or in consequence of the Dillillery being locked, and no Person appear-cominue charge- ing to give Entrance to such Officer, or otherwise, or if such Still shall in any Event not be locked in manner hie. thereby directed, such Distiller shall continue to be charged with and pay Duty as if he had not given such

Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid, and such Notice shall be deemed void and of no Effect.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time subsequent to Twenty four Hours after any Still shall have been locked, or by any of the Provisions of this Act ought to have been locked, or after the time mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid, of discontinuing the working of such Still, such Still or the Works in which it is set shall be found warm, the Distiller or Distillers in whole Possession the same shall be so found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller who shall have discontinued the working of any Still in manner aforesaid, shall intend to set at work again such Still so discontinued, such Distiller shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Collector, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Dillillery of such Distiller, Six Days at lead before the Day on which such Distiller shall intend to recommence the Working of such Still, specifying the Day, agreeable to the Provisions of this Act, and the Hour on which he intends so to recommence the Working of such Still; which Day shall be a Monday, and shall not be less than Four Weeks distant from the time of the lall Discontinuance of the Working of such Still; and One of such Officers to whom such Notice shall be given shall attend and open the Locks and Fastenings of such Still accordingly, and shall charge such Distiller with Duty as herein provided, from the Day mentioned in the Notice for Recommencement of the Working of such Still.

L. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller who shall not discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, shall, during the Continuance of his Licence, in every Year be charged with and pay Duty in respect of the Still belonging to such Distiller, according to the Content thereof, and according to a certain Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for such Still, and according to a certain Number of Wdeks and Days as herein after mentioned; that is to say, every such Distiller shall be chargeable and charged for such Still for not less than Twenty four Weeks or One hundred and sixty eight Days during the Continuance of his Licence in every such Year; and that for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days while such Still shall continue, or shall be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under tHis Act, such Distiller shall be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in this Act mentioned, from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines herein after severally set forth, for and in respect of such Still, being of the several Contents following; that is to say, from Ninety Charges of Low Wines or Singlings for every Still not exceeding Sixty five Gallons Content, and from Sixty such Charges of Low Wines or Singlings for every Still exceeding Sixty five Gallons Content, and not exceeding One hundred Gallons Content; and that every such Distiller shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates in this Act mentioned) from all Worts, Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days; and every such Distiller shall also be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as shall be actually distilled in such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Day* exceeding the respective Quantities aforesaid; and the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Dillillery of such Distiller, shall, in his Return for every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days which any such Still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable a3 working, make a Return and Charge upon such Distiller of such Quantities of Spirits for which such Distiller is hereby chargeable with Duty for such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, and every such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable.

LI. And be it further enacted, Tint in case the Quantity of Spirits charged upon any Distiller in any Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September shall not amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable with Duty within such Year, being for a Period of Twenty four Weeks or One hundred and sixty eight Days, according to the Rates aforesaid, the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Dillillery of such Distiller, shall, within Twenty Days after such Twenty ninth Day of September, make a Return to the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Distillery shall be fitmte, of such Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon, as with the Quantities comprised in any former Return or Returns of Spirits against such Distiller, within the Year ending such Twenty ninth Day of September, shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act made chargeable with Duty, for the Period of Twenty four Weeks, or One hundred and sixty eight Days in such Year, according to the Rates aforesaid; and such Return shall be a Charge on such Djiliiler, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to have become due and payable, within Ten Days after such Return shall have been made, orftiallfor every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

' LILPro-

90 Charts for every Soli not exceeding 65 GallonsConient; tnd 60 Charges for Stills exceeding 65 and not exceeding ico Gallop*,

Glficerstoreturn Deficiency of yearly Charge.

[Penalty.]

52° GEORGII III.

C. 48. 757

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall be desirous of obtaining a Licence for any Still or Stills, at any time between the First Day of November in any Year, and the Twenty ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year, or in case any Distiller being licensed for a Term longer than One Year, shall commence working for the Year at any time between the First Day of November in* any Year, and the Twenty ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year, then and in either of the said cases it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable with Duty for and in respect of such Still or Stills, during any such Year, to such Quantity of Spirits as may reasonably be distilled in such Still or Stills between the time that such Licence shall be so granted, or the time when such Distiller shall so commence working for the Year, and the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing 5 provided that such Reduction shall be in the Proportion to the Part of the Year which shall have elapsed from the Twenty ninth Day of September preceding the taking out of such Licence, or preceding the commencing to work for such Year to the time of the taking out of the fame, as Twenty four Weeks is to Fifty two Weeks, and that the Person taking out any Licence for such Still or Stills shall in all other respect9 be subject and liable to all the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Distiller who shall have worked Eight Weeks or more in any One Year, shall be delirous to discontinue working for the Remainder of such Year, it shall and maybe lawful for such Distiller to discontinue working accordingly, on giving a Notice in Writing of his Intention so to discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year to the Commissioners of Excise, and also to the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, and to the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, Ten Days at the lead previous to the Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year; and in such cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, to declare the Licence granted to such Distiller to be ended and determined for the Year ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September then next ensuing; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall by' this Act be chargeable with Duty during the Year, to such Quantity as such Distiller shall be chargeable with during so many Periods of Four Weeks as such Distiller shall have actually continued working, or shall have been chargeable as continuing to work, together with such further Quantity of Spirits a9 shall have been actually distilled, or as might be produced from all Waft), Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which such Distiller shall have distilled during such Periods, according to the Rates in this Act specified; and if at any time after the Day mentioned in any such Notice of any tuch Distiller for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year, any such Distiller shall brew any'Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or shall distil any Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings or Low Wines, or shall work any Still or Stills in such Distillery, or if after the Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work, any Worts, Wadi, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall be found, or any Still shall be discovered working in the Distillery of such Distiller, or shall be discovered to have worked after such Notice, such Distiller shall, for every such OfFence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to license any Person to have, keep or make use of, nor for any Person to have, keep or make use of any Still in the said Distillery for the Remainder of such Year, nor during the 'jTerm of One Year next ensuing the Twenty ninth Day of September after such Offence shall have been committed, any Licence previously granted to such Person notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person shall, at the Expiration of any Licence granted under this Act, discontinue the Trade and Business of a Distiller, or shall at any time during the Continuance of his Licence, discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, in manner herein mentioned, such Pei foil shall, within Seven Days after the Expiration of such Licence, or after so discontinuing to work, cause the Works in which any Still in the Distillery of such Distiller was set, to be taken down, and shall displace and remove such Still, and shall also displace and remove out of the Worm-tub the Worm belonging to such {Still, and shall, within Seven Days then next following, fend or convey such Still, and the Head and Worm belonging to the fame, to the Excise Office of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, there to be kept for Twelve Calendar Months, unless the fame shall, within the said Twelve Calendar Months, be redelivered to the Proprietor thereof, on his being licensed under this Act, or shall be disposed of by such Proprietor to some licensed Distiller, which it shall be lawful for such Proprietor to do; and in case any such Still or Head, or Worm of a Still, shall remain at said Excise Office for the Space of more than Twelve Calendar Months, it shall be lawful for the Collector, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, to break up and render useless any such Still, Still Head or Worm, and to cause the Materials thereof to be sold, and the Produce thereof, after deducing all Expences of such Sale, and a reasonable Sum for the Warehouse Room for the fame, during the said Twelve Calendar Months, shall be paid by such Collector to the Proprietor thereof 5 and in case any Still, Still Head or Worm, shall be found in the Distillery, or in any other Place in the Occupation of any Person who shall have so discontinued the Buftncfs of a Distiller, at any time after the End of Fourteen Days after the Expiration or Determination of any Licence to such Distiller, such Still, Still Head or Worm, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor, Gauger or other Officer of Excise in Charge of the Distillery of any Distiller who shall be licensed under this Act, shall, within Five Days next after the End of every Period of Four Weeks during which any such Distiller shall work, or be considered as working under this Act, make a Return in Writing to the Collector of the said District, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the fame, of the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act made chargeable with Duty, and the Duty thereon for such Period of Four Weeks; and such Return shall be a Charge upon every such Distiller for such Period of Four Weeks; and every such Officer shall, and he is hereby required to leave

Commissioners empowered to grant Abatement* where .Still set up in Course of any Year.

Distiller after

working eight' Weeks, may discontinue for Remainder of Year, and have Licence withdrawn.

[Penalty.]

Distiller on di£ continuing Business on Expiration of Licence, shall remove hi* Still.

[Penalty.]

Officers to make? Monthly Returns of Dutjr, _ and give Distiller. a Copy,

758 C. 48.

52 GEORGII nr.

A.D. 1812.

leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Distiller, or at such Distillery, Penalty. upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Omission in so doing.

Distiller to make

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall also under his proper Hand, or under the Monthly Entiy Hand of some Person for whom such Distiller shall be responsible, within Five Days next after the End of of Quantity of every Period of Four Weeks during which such Distiller shall work or be considered as working under this at ^xc^e Office of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, make or e is rgea e. cause to be ma(je a just an(] true Entry of the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is, under this Act, chargeable with Duty, in such Period of Four Weeks; and every Distiller who shall neglect to make or cause to be made such Entry within the time aforesaid, shall for every Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty returned by the Officer against such Distiller for such Month.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall be chargeable and charged with Duty upon each and every Return and Entry to be made by the Officer of Excise, or by such Distiller respectively as aforesaid, according to such of the said Returns or Entries respectively, as shall produce the highest Amount of Duty ? and that every Distiller so charged, shall, within Ten Days from the Monday which shall conclude every Period of Four Weeks during which such Distiller shall work or be considered as working under this Act, pay and clear off, or cause to be paid and cleared off, the Whole of the Duty chargeable for such Period of Four Weeks, or shall for every Default forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty which shall be so chargeable as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute shall arise between any Officer of Excise and any such Distiller touching the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of such Officer upon such Distiller, for or in respect of any Quantity of Spirits pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify by Affidavit made before the Collector or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, or before some Just ice of the Peace, that the Return made by him is true and fair, according to the bed of his Skill and Knowledge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charge upon the Distiller disputing the fame; and if such Distiller shall not pay the Difference between the Amount of the Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Distiller, within Ten Days next after such Return of such Officer shall be so verified by Affidavit as aforesaid, such Distiller shall, for every such Default, forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer and the Sura so paid by such Distiller; Provided always, that no Distiller shall be allowed to controvert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty made by any Officer, unless such Distiller shall have made a regular Entry of the Quantity of Spirits by him distilled, in manner required by this Act, and paid the duty chargeable on the fame, and shall in such his Entry make his Objection to the Return or Charge of such Officer.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall at any time neglect or omit to make a Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, against any Distiller, or shall at any time have committed any Error in any Return as aforesaid, by including or charging in such Return a greater or less Quantity of Spirits, or a greater or less Amount ot Duty than ought to have been returned or charged by him against any such Distiller, according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer, or for any other Officer of Excise, and they are hereby respectively required to make a Return in case no Return shall have been made, or to rectify such erroneous Return as may have been made, as speedily at may be convenient, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Excise, 3nd in case of a Return made by reason of an Omission in the Officer in Charge of a Distillery, to make a Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; or if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits and the Amount of Duty charged in any erroneous Return as aforesaid, against any Distiller, was greater than the fame ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to make an Allowance forthwith to such Distiller of the Amount of Duty so overcharged; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits or the Amount of Duty charged in any Return against any Distiller was leis than the fame ought to have been, or in case of a Return made as aforesaid, by reason of the Omission of the Officer to make a Return pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Distiller of the Amount of the Duty contained in such Return so made as aforesaid, by reason of the Omission of a Return in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Return; and if such Distiller shall not, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Excise, why he should not be charged with and pay the Sum contained in such Return or such Deficiency, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excile to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the District within which such Distillery is situate, of the Amount of such Duty or Deficiency, and the Duty specified in such Return if not paid within shall be a Surcharge on such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall not upon Demand or within Ten Days next Ten Days after after, pay. the full Amount of such Duty so surcharged, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds and a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and surcharged: Provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Distiller, unless it shall have been made, and the Amount thereof demanded, within Nine Calendar Months after the Date of the original Return, or after the Expiration of the Ten Days within which the fame ought to have been made.

EX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed under this Act shall by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident have been prevented from distilling any Wash or Pot Ale within the time prescribed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, on Proof made to their Satisfaction, that the Fatality or Accident was unavoidable, and not owing to any Default or Negligence, to abate any Charge of Double Duty which may have been made on such Distiller in respect of such Wash or Pot Ale not having been distilled within the time aforesaid x and also to make any proportionate

Allowance

[Penalty.]

Distiller charged, either by Return or Entry, and pay Duty within 10 Days from End of Mouth.

[Penalty.]

In case of Dif-pure Officer to verify Return by Affidavit;

and thereupon Return to be a Charge, r

enalty.

Distiller when allowed to dispute.

Errors in pffi-ers Returns amended;

rfliller overcharged, Commissioners to make Allowance;

Commissioners to give Notice to Distiller of Deficiency;

New Return and Duty h-rged;

Demand. Penalty. Return a Surcharge.

Accidents Com-iwiflioners of Excile making Allowance for.

A.D. 181

52° GEORGII III.

C. 4S. 7 59'

Allowance to any Distiller, in Consideration of any Loss by any Fatality or unavoidable Accident, proved at

aforesaid, by which any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, shall have been destroyed; and also to abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller shall be chargeable by virtue of this Att in any

Period of Four Weeks, in Confederation of any Fatality or unavoidable Accident, proved as aforesaid, by

which such Distiller shall have been prevented working in such Period of Four Weeks: Provided always, that every such Abatement and Allowance be first approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and that no such Abatement or Allowance shall be made to any Distiller

who shall have made any Insurance against Loss to be sustained by any such Fatality or Accident, without regard being had to the Amount receivable under such Insurance.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Stock of Spirits in the Stores of any such Decrease in Distiller shall be less than the Quantity of Spirits which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Ex- Stot'k of cife, ought to be in such Stores, every such Distiller for every time such Decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be so deficient. Penalty.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distillery of every such Distiller there shall be safely kept Minute Booh* such Minute Books as shall be delivered to such Distiller by the Gauger or Surveyor in Charge of such Distil- keptin Distillery, in which Books any Officer or Officers shall from time to time make true Entries of the times when they shall respectively visit such Distillery, and of all such other Particulars relative to the State and Condition of £nJ^to" such Distillery as-such Officers shall find expedient and necessary, or as shall be directed by any superior Officer; and such Distiller shall within Three Day3 after the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Distiller to de-Day of March, the Twenty fourth Day of June and Twenty ninth Day of September respectively in every ^ver Book te Year, deliver up such Books to the Surveyor of Excise then in Charge of such Distillery; and in case any kurvoyor.* DistiJler to whom such Book shall be tendered by any Officer of Excise shall refuse to receive the same, or, having received the fame, shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate or alter such Book or any Entry therein, or cause the same to be torn, defaced, obliterated or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any Entry therein, or in case any Distiller or any Person employed in the Distillery of such Distiller, shall at any time when required by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to produce such Book, or shall neglect to deliver such Book at the times aforesaid to the Surveyor of Excise, such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit penalty. the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Distiller shall send out any Spirits in any less Quantity Spirit; sent 01«'than Five Gallons, or without being accompanied by a legal Permit, every such Distiller shall forfeit for every lets than Five Bich Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all such Spirits and the Caika or Vessels containing the fame, G-d*1*"5 without; shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized. PenTlt*

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable under this Act by any may

such Distiller, shall be unpaid at the Time when such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall Uiitnhn for be lawful for the Collector of Excise, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in Dune*, which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads and Worms, and all Coppers, and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, used in any such Distillery, and all Malt, Corn and other Materials for distilling, and to cause the same to be sold by publick Auction; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears Produce of S-ile, of Duties due from such Distiller, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, how disposed of there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus mall be forthw'lh ten--tered and paid to such Distiller or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any Spirits ftulf be so Dililler may taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller or his Representatives, at any time or times before Djy of before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits, upon his or their paying to the Collector or other Chief Officer, towards discharging the Duties so due and o^Payment of payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he or they shall desire to remove, and the fame may be removed ac- Value. cordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits, shall on due Application be given for the fame, in like manner as if no Distress had been made.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Stills, Still Heads and Worms, and all Coppers, and all other StiJU, &c.liable Vessels and Utensils for distilling, having been used in any Distillery, by what Title or Conveyance soever the pena; [^ar'* fame shall be claimed, or into whose Hands the same shall afterwards come, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all Debts due to the Crown, and Duties of Excise which shall be in Arrear and owing by any Person, for any Spirits distilled or made within such Distillery, and shall also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have occupied or used such Distillery, for any Offence against this Act; and it shall be lawful in all cases to levy such Debts, Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures, by Distress and Sale of such Utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debts and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the time the real Proprietor of such

Utensils.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall make use of any Still, Still Head or Unltcensed Dif-Worm, for distilling, or shall make or distil any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or shall brew, make or fer- tilleri. roent any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale wherewith, and with the Intent to distil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for distilling, every such Person shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place Mifderoe*nor. -where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person, he or she .shall plead thereto, withqpt having time tp traverse the fame; and it shall be lawful for the

8 Court--

760

Second Offence.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

14 & i.S Car. a. (I.) Sell! 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Appeal.

Act altered, &c.

47 G. 3. SeflT. 2. c. Oo.

43 G. 3. c.cxxiv.

Period for purchasing Legal Quays extended

Certain Premises in Lower Thames Stre et purchas. d for Scite of new Custom House. In case of Differ ence, a Jury 10 settle.

46 G. 3. c 89.

c. 48, 49, 52" GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment on such Person for the First Offence, as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors, and for the Second Offence to sentence such Person so convicted to be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in the same manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, paying, levying and managing any Duties, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An si3 for the settling the Excise or new Irnpojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and $uccrJforsy according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the fever a! A3s relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of "His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid is provided.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London; and to enable

the Lords of the Treasury to purchase Buildings in Thames Street, for the Purpose of erecting a new Custom House.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Period within which the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, were required by an Act passed in the Forty

seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to give further time for purchasing the legal Quays and IVarehouses in the Port of London, to purchase the legal Quays and Warehouses, Buddings and other Works annexed thereto, and Dwelling Houses, Premises or other Works, as particularly mentioned and described in an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 A3 to authorise the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to b applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayory Alderman and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled* and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London, should be further extended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Period within which the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, are required to purchase the said legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings and other Works, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or Premises situate adjoining thereto, shall be further extended to Two Years from and after the Expiration of the Period to which the fame was extended by the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

II. And whereas the Custom House and Buildings and Premises forming a Part thereof, in the Port of Lon- don> have been for some time found inadequate to the Accommodation of the Trade thereof, and are at present

in a State so ruinous and dilapidated, that the necessary Enlargement and Repair thereof could not be made without creating a Chasm in the Dispatch of Commercial Business, wThich would be destructive to the Merchants of Great Britain, nor yet without incurring an Expence which could not be justified by the probable Duration of the Building when repaired: And whereas it is therefore expedient to erect a new Custom House in the City of London, and for that Purpose the Purchase of certain Premises situate in LowerThames ' Street in the Parish of Saint Dunjlans in the East has become necessary; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby required, within the Period of Two Years next after the passing of this Act, to purchase of the several

Owners, Lessees and Occupiers of all or any of the Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or Premises, the Scites of which will be wanted for the said new Custom House, or any Part or Parts thereof, their several and respective Estates and Interests of and in the fame Premises respectively; and for that Purpose shall have all necessary and requisite Powers to contract with any Person or Persons whatsoever for such Price or Prices as may be agreed upon; and in case of Difference, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury' for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and he and they 49 and are hereby required to proceed in all respects as to etnpannelling a Jury, receiving Conveyances, paying Purchase Money" into the Bank, in case of defective Titles, or Refusal to execute Conveyances, and in appropriating Purchase Money awarded by the Verdict of a Jury or Juries to Corporations and incapacitated Persons, and in abiding by any Order or Orders to be made by the Court of Chancery, in cases of such Incapacity, as is by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament, provided in fnnilar cases with respect to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act; provided that the Requisition, Warrant or Precept for

7 the

A.D. 181 2.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 49, 50. 761

the impatineHirig of a Jury shall be under the Hands of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and directed to the Sheriffs of the City of London, instead of the Sheriffs of Middlesex; and the said Sheriffs are hereby authorized, directed and required to impannel, summoa and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified tp serve on Juries not less than Forty eight, nor more than Seventy two, to come and appear before the then next Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said City of London, or at Come Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court; and-out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by the proper Officer of the said Court, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster ate by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn, and the said Jury in settling such Price or Prices shall consider as well the good Will and Improvements as any Injury or Damage that may affect any such Person or Persons, either as Owner, Lessee or Occupier, and when and so soon as such Purchase Money as may have been agreed on or may have been settled by the Verdict of a Jury or Juries shall have been paid to the Parties interested, or into the Bank, as the case may be, the Premises in respect of which such Money shall have been so paid, shall immediately veil in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall be and are hereby empowered and directed to pay such Purchase Money or Monies out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues and Income, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

III. And whereas the Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny is annually paid by the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in respect of tire present Custom House, and other Premises contiguous to or conceded therewith, which by Law are not

rateable, and another Sum amounting to Two hundred and twenty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Tea

pence Halfpenny, is legally payable and paid as Rates in respect of the Legal Quays in Front of the said

Custom House and Premises aforesaid, to the respective Collectors of the Parochial and Ward Rates and Assessments in the said Ward of Tower, and in the Parish of Allhallows Barling, within the said Ward,

and it is expedient, that the Payment of the fame respective Annual Sums should be continued; Be it therefore further enabled. That the respective Annual Sums now paid as aforesaid, shall yearly and every Year for ever hereafter be paid out of Consolidated Cuiloms to the respective Collectors, for the time being, of the Rates and Assessments to whom the fame respectively are now paid, without any Deduction or Abate* pient whatever, in the fame Parts, Shares and Proportions, on or at the same Days or Times and in the same manner as the other Rates or Assessments of the said Ward and Parish respectively shall for the time being be paid, and shall be considered as Part of the Produce thereof.

IV. And whereas by reason of the Houses and other Buildings in Lower Thames Street aforesaid becoming veiled in His Majesty, for the public Purposes aforesaid, Deficiencies will be occasioned in the Produce of the Parochial and Ward Assessments and Rates in the Parish of Saifit Dunstan in the East, and the Parish of Saint Mary-at-hill, and the Wards of Tower and Billingsgate, wherein the same are situated; and it is not consistent with Equity that an additional Burthen should be imposed on the said Wards and Parishee, in consequence of the Application of Premises situated therein, to Purposes of general public Utility Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Completion of the Purchase of the said Premises, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Sum of Eight hundred and sixteen pounds Seven Shillings and Five pence, being the Amount of what was assessed as the Parochial and Ward Assessments and Rates on the said Houses and Buildings, according to the iaft Assessments or Rates thereof, made before the passing of this Act, shall be paid, and the said Commissioners of the Customs are hereby authorized and directed yearly and every Year for ever hereafter, to pay the respective Collector or Collectors for the time being of the lame Rates or Assessments respectively, out of Consolidated Customs without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, in the fame Parts, Shares and Proportions, on or at the fame Daye or Times, in the same manner and for the fame Purposes as the fame or the like respective Assessments and Rates shall for the time being be paid, and shall be considered as Part of the Produce thereof.

4 V. And whereas the present Custom House being public Property, is by Law exempt from the Payment of all Rates and Assessments, and the said Premises in Lower Thames Street about to be purchased under and by virttue of this Act, will be when the same shall so become public Property also exempt from the

Payment of all Rates and Assessments; Be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of Aprtl the said present Custom House, and after the Completion of the Purchase thereof, the said Premises in Lower Thames Street, shall be and be deemed and considered to be, to all Intents and Purposes, free and exempt from the Payment of all and all manner of Rates and Assessments, although the fame and each and every of the said Premises may become private Property by the Sale or Assignment thereof to Individuals, any Law, Ullage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

jG. 1. c.*$*

PurchjfcMonfy paid out of Consolidated Fund.

Certain Payments for Rent and Rates of present Custom House fecui ed.

816l. 7s. jd. paid yearly in lieu of Parochial Rate# far Premises in I.ower Thames*Street.

The present an4 new Custom House exempt from Payment of Rates and Assessments.

CAP. L.

An Act to continue until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Provision for preventing the current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein £2 Geo. III. 5F specified;

jiG.3-c.ii7-

Current Gold Coin not received r paid for more than true Value.

Misdemeanor.

In what ease Cleric of the ^Peace to certify former Conviction,

Indictments not to be traversed.

On Prosecution it (hat! net be necessary to prove the Money good and lawful.

Notes of Bank of England, or Bank of Ireland, not received or paid for less than their Value. Misdemeanor.

Proceedings for Dili rels, A. c. Aeyed if Pay-

C. 50. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

specified; and for staying Proceedings upon any Distress by tender of such Notes; and to extend the same to Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

AS for making more effectual Provision for preventing the current Gold Coin of the Realm from being

paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum

therein specified; and for flaying Proceedings upon any Distress by tender of such Notes: And whereas it is

expedient that the said Act should be continued and amended, and extended to Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall receive or pay, for any Gold Coin lawfully current within the United Kingdom, any more in Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, than the true lawful Value which such Gold Coin doth or shall by its Denomination import, whether such Value, Benefit, Profit or Advantage, be paid, made or taken in lawful Money, or if paid or taken in Great Britain, in any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in any Silver Token or Tokens, issued by the said Governor and Company, or if paid or taken in Ireland in any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or in any Silver Token or Tokens issued by the said last mentioned Governor and Company, or by any or all of the said Means, wholly or partly, or by any other Means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever; and every Person who shall offend herein, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeatior; and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall suffer Six Months Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for One Year more, to be computed from the End of the said Six Months; and if the same Person shall afterwards be convicted a Second time of the like Offence, such Person shall for such Second Offence suffer One Year's Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for One Year more, to be computed from the End of the said last mentioned Year 5 and if the same Person shall afterwards offend against this Act, and shall by dne Course of Law be convicted of any subsequent Offence, he or she shall be imprisoned for the Term of Two Years for every such subsequent Offence.

II. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of receiving or paying any such Gold Coin, contrary to the said recited Act or this Act, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence, the Clerk of the Artize, or Clerk of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such Conviction was so had, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other Person on His Majesty's Behalf, certify such Conviction; for which Certificate Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more, shall be paid; and such Certificate being produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person against whom any Bill of Indictment shall be found, at any Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, for any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, shall be entitled to traverse the same to any subsequent Assizes or Sessions; but the Court at which such Bill of Indictment shall be found, shall forthwith proceed to try the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be found, unless he or they shall shew good Cause to be allowed by the Court, why his, her or their Trial should be postponed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on any Prosecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be prosecuted or tried for any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, it shall not be necessary to prove that the Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants oi4 Orders for Payment of Money, or any or either of them, received or paid for any such Gold Coin, are respectively good, lawful and current Money of this Realm, or good, valid and effectual Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or that the fame Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, are respectively of the Value they on the Face of them import; but that such Money, Notes, Bills, Tokens, Securities, Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, shall be deemed and taken to be good, valid and effectual respectively, and of the respective Values which on the Face of them they import, until the contrary shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Judge, Just ice or Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be prosecuted or tried respectively; nor shall it be necessary in any such Prosecution or Trial of any Offender or Offenders hereafter to be prosecuted or tried for any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, to prove that the Gold Coin received or purchased contrary to the said recited Act or this Act, is the current Gold Coin of this Realm, but the same shall be deemed and taken so to be, if paid or received as such, until the contrary thereof shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Judge, Justice or Court before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be prosecuted or tried.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, by any Means, Device, Shift or Contrivance whatsoever, receive or pay in Great Britain, any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or receive or pay in Ireland any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for less than the Amount of lawful Money expressed therein, and to be thereby made payable; except only lawful Discount on such Note or Bill as shall not beexpieffed to be payable on Demand; and every Person who shall offend herein shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law shall be subject to a Fine of Double the Amount of the Sum of Money specified in such Bill or Note, and made payable thereby, and shall suffer Imprisonment for a time not exceeding Two Months.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any Person shall proceed by Distress or Poinding to recover from any Tenant or other Person liable to such Distress or Poinding, any Rent cr Sum of Money due from such Tenant or other Person, it shall be lawful for such Tenant or other Person, in every such case, in Great Britain, to

3 tender

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 50.

tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or in Ireland to tender Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, expressed to be payable on Demand, to the Amount of such Rent or Sum so due, together with the Amount of such Costs as shall have been incurred by such Distress, either alone or together, with a sufficient Sum of lawful Money, to the Person on whose Behalf such Distress or Poinding is made, or to the Officer or Person making such Distress or Poinding on his Behalf; and in case such Tender shall be accepted, or in case such Tender shall be made and refused, the Goods taken in such Distress or Poinding shall be forthwith returned to the Party distrained upon or against whom such Poinding shall have been used, unless the Party dillraining or poinding, and refuting to accept such Tender, shall infill that a greater Sum is due than the Sum so tendered, and in Inch case the Parties shall proceed as usual in such cases; but if it shall appear that no more was due than the Sum so tendered, then the Party who tendered such Sum shall be entitled to the Costs of all subsequent Proceedings: Provided always, that the Person to whom such Rent or Sum of Money shall be due shall have and be entitled to all such other Remedies for the Recovery thereof, exclusive of Distress or Poinding, and exclusive of Ejectment for any Forfeiture which shall have been incurred by Non-payment of such Rent, as such Person had or was entitled to at the time of making such Distress or Poinding, if such Person shall not think proper to accept such Tender so made as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect the Right of any Tenant or other such Person as aforesaid having Right, to replevy or recover the Goods so taken in Distress or Poinding, in case without making such Tender as aforesaid he shall so think fit.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Sum or Sums of Money is or are required, ordered, directed, decreed or adjudged to be paid, under or by virtue of any Rule, Order, Process, Judgment. Decree or other Proceeding of or in any Court of Law or Equity or other Court, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or by any Law, Usage or Practice of any Court, is or are allowed to be paid for the (laying of Proceedings, by any Party or Parties, Person or Persons, to any other Party or Parties, Person or Persons, or into any Court, or into the Hands of any Officer or Officers of any Court as aforesaid, such Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if the Came shall be made in Great Britain, or in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if the same shall be made in Ireland, the fame respectively being payable on Demand, to the Amount therein expressed, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Payments in the Law, of the Sum or Sums so required, ordered, directed, deemed or adjudged to be paid; and in all cases in which any Money shall be payable out of any such Court or Courts, or by any Officer or Officers thereof, or of any of them, in the Discharge of his or their Duty as such Officer or Officers, Payment of the Sums so payable out of such Court or Courts, or by such Officer or Officers, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in Great Britain, or in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if in Ireland, f such Notes respectively being payable on Demand, to the Amount in such Notes expressed), shall be taken and deemed % o be good and sufficient Payments in the Law.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which any Sum or Sums of Money is or are required to be raised or levied in Execution of any Judgment or Decree, or by virtue of any Process or Proceeding whatever of any Court of Law or Equity, or other Court, in any Part of the United Kingdom, or under any Distress or Proceeding for the Recovery of any Rent, or of any Penalty or Forfeiture to be raised or levied by Distress and Sale of any Goods or Chattels, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers, whose Duty it shall be to raise or levy such Sum or Sums of Money, to accept Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if such Money is to be raised or levied in Great Britain, or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if such Money is to be raised or levied in Ireland, such Notes respectively being payable on Demand to the Amount in such Notes expressed, in Payment and Satisfaction of the Sums so to be raised and levied; and such Officer or Officers shall not be compelled or compellable to pay the Amount of the Bums so to be levied or raised, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons, or into any Court, otherwise than in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in Great Britain, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if in Iraelnd; and after such raising and levying as aforesaid, it shall not be competent by any further Proceeding against the Party or Person from whom lucn Sum or Sums was or were due, or his Effects or Estate, to compel the raising or levying such Sum or Sums, or so much thereof as shall have been raised and levied and paid in such Notes as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all such cases as aforesaid, every Person paying any such Notes into any Court, or into the Hands of any Officer of any Court, in manner aforesaid, or to any Person raising or levying any Money under any Distress, or under the Authority of any Court as aforesaid, shall, if required, indorse the Notes so paid, and also specify the Causes, Proceeding or Distress, in or under which the lame shall be paid, and shall also, if required, verify the same to be Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if in England, or to be Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if in Ireland, by Affidavit, dating, that the Notes so paid or to be paid are, to the bell of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person paying the fame, Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as the case may be; and every Person so indorlingany such Notes shall be liable to pay to the Person to whom the same are paid out of any Court, or by any Officer aforesaid, or under any Distress, the full Amount of the Sum expressed in any of such Notes which may prove to be forged, if any such Note or Notes shall be forged Notes.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who shall commit in Scotland any Offence against this Act, which, by the Provisions thereof, is constituted a Misdemeanor, shall be liable to the fame Fine, Penalty and Punishment, as are prescribed for the like Offence in England.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force to and until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

; Fi CAP.

763

merit is tendered iu Bank Notes.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Bank of England

Notes in G. B. and Bank of Ireland Notes in Ireland, good Payment to Officers of any Court, or by Officers out of any Court on any Process*

Bank of England

Notes in G. B. and Bank of Ireland Notes in Ireland, taken by Officers of Courts levying Nqidor Process.

Notes indorfad by Person paying them, and verified by Affidavit to be Bank Notes.

Scotland.

Continuance of Act,

764

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

C. 5 r.

3-I: Majesty may appoint Three Commissioners of Military Accounts. Salaries.

Troviso.

ISommissioners not to fit in Parliament.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Secretary and

Officers;

and direct Payment of Sabiies,c.

Oath of Office.

Oath.

CAP. 'LL

An Act to provide for the more speedy Examination, controuling and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS the Means hitherto used for the auditing of Military Accounts in Ireland, have proved

insufficient; and it is necessary to make other Provisions for that Purpose; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to nominate and appoint from time to time such Persons as he or they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Persons at any one time, to be Commissioners of Military Accounts in Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therein named the following Salaries and Allowances; that is to say: Te the Senior of the said Commissioners for the time being, who shall be stiled the First Commissioner, a Salary of One thousand Pounds per Annum; and to the other Two Commissioners a Salary of Eight hundred Pounds per Annum each; which Salaries respectively shall be clear of all Fees and Deductions, and shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, without any other Warrant or Authority for the fame: Provided always, that in case the Person at present holding the Office of Comptroller of Army Accounts in Ireland shall be appointed to the said Office of First Commissioner, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to continue to have, receive and enjoy the Salary and Emoluments attached to the said Office of Comptroller of Army Accounts, in lieu of the said Salary of One thousand Pounds per Annum, to be paid and payable in like manner and under the like Authority as such Salary is hereby made payable.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no^ommifliorier appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of fitting as a Member in the House of Commons.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a Secretary, and such Officers, Assistants, Clerks and Attendants, with such Salaries as he or they shall think proper, to aid, assist and attend on the said Commissioners in the Business of their said Office, and to follow the Directions of the said Commissioners in all tilings relating to the Business of the said Office.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, may allow such Sums as to him or them shall seem fit, from time to time for the Salaries of the several Officers, Clerks and other Persons to be from time to time employed under the said Commissioners, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in their Office for auditing the Military Accounts, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, under the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Persons employed by and acting under them, before they shall enter upon the Execution of their respective Offices, shall take an Oath, the Form whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say:

1 J A, B.

[adding the Name of his Office] do swear, That according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge,

1 will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts veiled in me by virtue of the said Office.'

Before whom taken, by Commissioners and Officers.

Quorum,

Reputation luf-iicient Evidence of Appointment.

Whit Accounts Commissioners shall ihdit.

Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts au-Jited by Com-juifiioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners respectively shall and may take the said Oath before any of the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland', and that the said inferior Officers and Persons respectively shall and may take the fame before the said Commissioners, or any of them, and that the said Barons and Commissioners respectively are hereby authorized to administer the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases not otherwise expressly directed or provided, all and every Authority veiled or to be velted in, and all and every Act and Acts directed dr authorized to be done by the said Commissionere, shall and may be exercised and done by any Two of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial or in any Proceeding whatsoever, Civil or Criminal, Legal or Equitable, any Question shall arise concerning the Appointment or Qualification of any of the said Commissioners, or of any Officer or Person under them, or his or their Right to hold, exercise or enjoy such Office, it shall be sufficient to all Intents and Purposes, to prove that at the time in Question such Person was reputed to be such Commissioner or other Officer, and it shall not be necessary to prove or produce any Appointment or Qualification.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall examine, controul, audit and settle all Army, Barrack, Commissariat, and other Military Accounts of every Description, in Ireland, save and except Ordnance Accounts, and also save and except the Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at any time, or from time to time, to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to order that the said Baggage, Lodging and Forage Accounts, or any of them, shall from thenceforth be audited and settled by the said Commissioners; and that from and after the Date of every such Warrant the Account or Accounts therein mentioned respectively shall be examined, con-trouled, audited and settled by the said Commissioners of Military Accounts, and not otherwise.

6 XII. And

A.D. 1812.

52 GEORGII III.

C. 51. 765

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time bein^, whenever he or they shall judge the fame expedient, and in such manner and under such Rules, Orders and Directions, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall from time to time direct and establish, to order any Persons concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of Public Money, for or on account of any Service or Matter of any Military Nature* to furnifti due and proper Accounts of the same to be laid before the said Commissioners, to be by them examined and finally adjusted and settled.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners under this Act shall and may from and after the Commencement of this Act proceed on all and every or any such Accounts as aforesaid, which shall be depending and undecided by and before the Comptroller of Army Accounts, or the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, in the same manner in all respects as ir the said Accounts and the Examination thereof respectively had proceeded so far before themselves; and that all Vouchers, Accounts and Papers in the Possession or Office of the Comptroller of Army Accounts, shall and may be handed oyer and delivered to the said Commissioners, and shall remain in their Office,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Accounts aforesaid shall from time to time be examined and audited as aforesaid, as often as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think fit to direct the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Auditor General or other proper Officer shall pay, issue or deliver to any Person or Persons whomsoever, Money for Public Services of a Military Nature by way of Imprest, pr on account, then and in every such case such Officer shall, within Three Calendar Months after the Twenty fourth Day of December in every Year, and also whenever he shall be thereto required by Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, transmit to the said Commissioners a Certificate of all and every Sum and Sums so paid, issued and delivered, or charged by him within the preceding Year, or for such Period as shall be mentioned in such Notice, together with the Name and Description of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been respectively paid, issued, delivered or charged, and the said Commissioners shall thereupon without any Delay take the fame into Consideration.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Military Accounts shall be subject to such Regulations not contrary to Law as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall from time to time direct and establish; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to make and establish Rules, Orders and Directions for the Purposes aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to account .before the said Commissioners, shall within Three Calendar Months at the latest after they shall be required so to do by Notice in Writing subscribed by the said Commissioners or any Two of them, deliver into and transmit to the Office of the said Com-ynissioners an Account Current of all Sums of Money received and paid by them for the Period mentioned in such Notice, together with the Vouchers for such Receipts or Payments, accompanied by a Schedule of the fame, signed by the Accountant or Accountants.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may as often as they shall think fit, call upon all Accountants or other Persons to whom or to whose Order or Care any Public Money for which such Persons shall be accountable to the said Commissioners, shall be or shall have been issued or entrusted, to account to them the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Expenditure or Issue thereof within a time to be by them limited; and on the Failure of the Accounts being delivered accordingly within the time so limited, the said Commissioners shall, in every case where they shall see Cause, give Notice thereof to His Majesty's Attorney General in England or Ireland, His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland\ or His Majesty's Attorney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as the case may require, in order that such Motions, Suits, Bills or Process maybe made*, instituted, filed or issued by the said Officer against any such Defaulter as may be necessary to compel him to deliver in his Accounts as directed by the said Commissioners, unless upon Application of the Parties, dating fpme special and sufficient Cause of Delay, the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall grant his or their Warrant to stay the Proceedings for such reasonable time or times as he or they shall think fit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Accountant or Accountants shall fail to deliver such Accounts pursuant to such Requisition, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper so to do, to cause a Notice, signed by any Two of the said Commissioners for the time being, to be served on such Accountant or Accountants that the said Commissioners will proceed peremptorily to audit the Accounts of such Accountant or Accountants, or any Part thereof, that may be mentioned in such Notice, on a Day to be therein mentioned, not less than One Calendar Month from the Service of such Notice, and thereupon such Commissioners shall proceed to audit such Account or Accounts accordingly, whether any Accounts shall have been then furnished as aforesaid or not, or whether such Accountant or Accountants shall attend or not, and the said Commissioners shall charge such Accountant or Accountants with all Payments made from or under His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, to him, her or them, as to his, her or their Order, and if such Accountant or Accountants shall not produce and prove to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners any Discharge, such Commissioners shall thereupon allow the Whole of the Sums so charged as a Balance against such Accountant or Accountants: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to postpone from time to time, as often as they shall see good Cause for so doing, the final auditing of any such Account,

XX. And,

Persons receiv-irg Money for Military Purposei to accouufe before such Commissioners,

Commissioners may proceed in Accounts begun, before Comptroller of Armjfb Accounts, &c.

Accounts audited when Lord Lieutenant*, shall du ett. Auditor General to fend Accounts to Commissioners, of Sums issued by him.

Commissionera subject to Orders of Lord Lieutenant.

Accountants to deliver to Commissioners Account of Receipts and Payments.

Commissioners, to call on Accountantsto. account.

On Default<jf* Accountant, Commillinuers after Notice may proceed perempi totily to Hudit Accounts 1: 1 hl$. Office.

Provifj,

charge. Commissioners

766 C. 5 r. 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Commidi. ner*

XX. And be it hirther enacted, That the (and Commissioners or any Two of them shall and they are hereby may inquire »r.to empowered to enquire into all corrupt and fraudulent or improper Practices or other Misconduct in the Ex-undue % !x^n-°W Pen^'ture> Application, or ordering or accounting for, issuing or receiving all and singular or any of the said diture in Dif- Monies, and they shall not include or suffer to remain or be included in the Discharge Part of any Account which shall be at any time dated by them, any Article of Expenditure which shall not appear to them to be agreeable to the Intention or Import of the Trust reposed or legal Powers vested in the Parties so accounting, shall re rt to

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall without any farther Requisition as

Lord Lieutenant ^0on as P°ble after their Determination and proceeding on any Matter committed to their Examination, give

and Parliament. an Account thereof in Writing under the Hands and Seals of them or any Two of them to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and also to either House of Parliament, and they shall report therewith, what Defects, Frauds or Illegalities shall have been observed during their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, and likewise such Regulations as they shall in their

Judgment deem expedient to be observed and adopted for the better directing, enforcing and securing the

honed, just and effectual Expenditure of future Issues of Money for the said several or similar Purposes, or any of them.

Embezzlements,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases, where upon the Examination of the Account of any

Sec. char ed Commissary, Storekeeper, or other Person for the Receipt, Expenditure or Delivery of any Public Money,

agamrt Commis- or any pr0Vjf1On3 or Stores the Property of His Majesty, the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that any Articles have been embezzled, wasted, loft, damaged or destroyed by the wilful Miscondu£l or Neglect of any such Commissary, Storekeeper, or other Person, they shall, after the Examination of such Evidence as they may think necessary to ascertain the Value of such Articles, charge the said Person with such Sum as in their Judgment shall be the Amount of the Loss which shall have thereby accrued to the Publick.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Military Accounts, or any Two of them for the time being, and they are hereby required to call before them the several Persons who have at any time received from His Majesty's Treasury any Public Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, as also the several Persons to whom any Money has been granted or appropriated for any of the said Purposes, and the Successors, Executors and Administrators of such Persons respectively, and to require them to give an Account of the Expenditure of the said Monies, and to exhibit to the said Commissioners all such Accounts, Certificates, Warrants of Expenditure, Books, Muniments or Bills whatsoever, at shall touch or concern the Receipt or Expenditure of such Money, or the Charge or Discharge of the Accounts thereof, and as shall be and remain in their Hands or Custody, and to examine upon Oath, /which Oath any One of them is hereby empowered to administer) the said several Persons touching the several Items thereof, or any Entries therein, and touching any Matters relative to the Receipt, Expenditure or Non-Expenditure of the said Money.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall also have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required to call before them, and examine upon Oath all Persons who have, or who they shall have reason to believe have any Knowledge of the receiving, expending, dilburfing or in any wise accounting for, entering, paying or managing any of the Monies of which they are or shall at any time be duly authorized to (late or lettle Accounts; ana likewise to call before them and examine upon Oath all Persons whom they shall think proper, for the Purpose of enquiring into the Honesty of the Expenditure of all such Monies, where to any of such Monies have been or ought to have been applied, and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them as often as they shall think proper, all Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers and Writings of what Nature soever, and in whosoever Custody they may be, which in any wise touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Disposal or Management of the said Monies; and to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) all Persons whom they shall think proper, touching the State, Custody, Entries or Items in such Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Justices of His brou^ht bHa^ Majesty's C »urts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, or of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in S'HL Ireland, at their Discretion to grant a Writ of Habeas Corpus to bring up any Person or Persons confined in any

Caries.

Commissioners may call Parties before them*ith Books and Vouchers.

Commissioners may examine on Oath ail Parties concerned in Expenditure of Money granted.

Parties in Con-

beas Corpus before Commissioners to be examined.

Gaol, Prison or Place of Confinement in Ireland, to be examined before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, tquehing any Matter of Account which shall be then depending before the said Commissioners, and every such Person shall be so brought up accordingly, the Sum required by him in every such case being first duly tendered, and shall be brought and detained before the said Commissioners, or any Two of them from Day to Day, and from Hour to Hour, as often and as long as they shall find necessary for the Purposes of such Examination, and at the Close thereof shall be carried back to the fame Prison or Place of Confinement, or otherwise disposed of according to Law, and none of the said Matters shall be deemed or taken to be an Escape 5 and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enquire into, ascertain, and allow the necessary Expences of so bringing and keeping every such Person in such Attendance, and of taking him or her back to such Prison or Place ot Confinement; and that such Expenses being so allowed and certified by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall be paid as Part of the Expences of the said Office.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant, any Sum on any Account of Expenditure that hath been or shall be incurred, although no written Voucher of the actual Payment of such Sum shall be produced to them in case where upon Statens.ment8 of the Accountants rendered on Oath, and after sufficient Enquiry the said Commissioners shall be satis-

Or on imperfeO fied that such Sums shall have been actually and properly disbursed for the Public Service; and that all due Vouchers. Diligence shall have been used by the Accountant to procure such Voucher; and whenever a Voucher produced

Commissioners may allow Payments without written Vouch-

A.D. 181 a.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 51. 767

duced or to be produced by anj Accountant for any Accounts, shall be defective from the Want of any Certificate or other Document which ought to accompany such Voucher, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners upon Proof to their Satisfaction that the Accountant did not wilfully neglect to procure such Certificate or Document; and that the Sum specified in the Voucher shall have been actually and properly disturfed for the Public Service to admit such Voucher as a sufficient Discharge of the said Accountant, and to allow the Amount of the same to his Credit: Provided always, that in all cases where any Sum exceeding Thirty Allowances Pounds shall be allowed to the Credit of any Accountant, either without any written Voucher, or upon an f011

imperfcft Voucher, the Particulars and Amount of such Allowances shall be specified to the Lord Lieutenant Ltoitwunt.* or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in the Statement of the Account in which such Allowances may be made, in order that the fame may be considered and confirmed or disallowed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, previous to the Declaration of any such Account.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Examination of all such Persons, Books, Papers and On Examination

other Matters as they shall think proper, the said Commissioners shall make full, perfedf and just Accounts or Commissioners Declarations of the Accounts of all Persons who are or shall be at any time accountable to them, which ^Mounts!and Accounts shall contain the Sum and Substance thereof in Charge and Discharge, or by Way of Debtor and deliver Copy to Creditor, and they shall cause to be made a Copy thereof to be given to the Party or Parties accountable. Accountant.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Account shall have been so fully Lord Lieutcn«et examined and audited by the said Commissioners, and that any Sum or Item in the Discharge thereof shall ei"p«w*red to have been disallowed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or sumsV*illovved Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time within Three Calendar Months after the Date of such by CommiUioD-auditing, to order the said Commissioners for the time being to state, for the Information of the Lord ers. Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, the Grounds and Cause of such Disallowances, whereupon the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Two of them, shall forthwith make a Report under their Hands in Obedience to such Order; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time within Six Calendar Months after the Date of such Report, to order by Warrant under Hand and Seal that every or any such Items or Item or any Part thereof respectively shall be allowed, and thereupon the same shall be to allowed, and shall be brought forward by and allowed to such Person accordingly in his or her next Account.

XXIX. And it further enacted, That where any Account shall have been so audited by the said Commis- Account# m-sioners, the same shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, save only so far as the dited ty Corn-fame may be altered in manner aforesaid by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of

Ireland for the time being in manner aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the time of auditing any such Account by the Relief of Ac-said Commissioners, any such Accountant therein shall be absent from Ireland, then and in every such case it countants not shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for" , Ireland af # the time being, at any time within Three Calendar Months after the Return of such Person to Ireland, to order the said Commissioners to state the Cause of any such Disallowance as aforesaid, and thereupon such Report shall and may be made by the said Commissioners, and such subsequent Proceedings had, as if such Order had been issued within the time aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to Vouchers de-destroy or cause to be destroyed any Voucher or Vouchers which shall remain in their Office at any time after ftroyedor gives* Fifteen Years from the Date thereof, and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners UP*

on receiving an Order in Writing for the Purpose from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to hand over and deliver up to the Person or Persons mentioned for that Purpose in such Order, any Voucher or Vouchers whatsoever that may be in their said Office, and which shall be specified or directed in such Order.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly summoned by Precept under 'the Hand and Partes sum-Seal of the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to appear before the said Commissioners touching any moned refuting of the Matters aforesaid, to give Evidence or otherwise, or to exhibit any Account, Certificate, Book, to attcud* Muniment, Bill, Plan, Paper or Writing in his or her Custody, Power or Possession, according to the Terms

of such Summons, or to answer any Question on Oath, which shall be lawfully proposed to him or her by any of the said Commissioners, touching any matter or thing which they shall then be empowered to examine into, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered Penalty, by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction by any Person who shall sue for the fame; and if any of the said Monies or any Part thereof shall have been received by or paid to such Person, or to any One to whom such Person is Successor, Executor < r Administrator, such Person so neglecting or refusing shall not only

forfeit the like Sum for every Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered in like manner, but such Process shall like- Penalty,

wife issue out of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer against him or her, upon Complaint made before the said Court, as is usual against Debtors to His Majesty, who refuse or neglect to account.

XXXIII. And be it further cuacted, That in all cases in which an Oath shall be required, or directed or Affirmation of

authorized to be taken before the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, the Affirmation of a ^uaktraallowed,

Quaker shall be received as and for and in lieu of such Oath, and shall be of the fame Force, Validity and

Effect, to all Intents and Purposes as such Oath.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall by virtue of this or any Act or Acts of Perjury onfalfe Parliament, take or make any Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall wil- Oatiior Affir-fully falsely take any such Oath or Affirmation, be thereof lawfully convicted, he or she so offending shall, nut, OIls*

for

1768

Officers of Corporations, &c. refusing to attend Summonses of Commissioners.

[Penalty.]

Commencement of Att.

At\ amended,c.

24 G.3. (I.) c. 26.

*5 G.3.(I.)

*c. 63.

380.3.(1.)

c. 56. and 46 G.3 c. 95« { 6. repealed.

His Majesty may appoint Five Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland.

Salaries*

Commissioners shall not (it in Parliament.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Secretary and Officers;

*od direct Pay-mint of Salaries.

C. 51, 52.

52 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Pains and Disabilities as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury shall then by any Laws in force in Ireland be liable unto; or if any Person or Persons shall corruptly procure orfubom any other Person to take such false Oath or Affirmation, and the Person or Persons so procuring or suborning shall be thereof convicted, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury shall be then liable unto.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of any Corporation, Charity or Public Establishment whatsoever, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to obey any Summons or Order issued by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to appear before to exhibit or lay before them, any Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings, which shall be in his Custody or Possession, or to answer upon Oath any Question which shall be lawfully proposed to him by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, not only forfeit the Penalty hereinbefore imposed, but shall be likewise declared, and shall be incapable of holding his said Office any longer.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall begin and have Effect from and after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall and may be amended, altered or repealed, during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LII.

An Act to provide for the speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of

Ireland; and to repeal certain former Acts relating thereto.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that divers Acts relating to the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland should be repealed, and that more effectual Provisions should be made for the regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts in Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the due accounting for all Money granted for Publick Woris. Charities and Hospitals therein mentioned s end for the ordering a regular Account in future of all Monies intrusted to the Corporation for carrying on the Inland Navigation, the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, the Dublin Society, the Corporation for paving the Streets of Dublin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; another Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, to carry into further Effect the said recited Act of the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years; a certain other Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation and Examination of Public Accounts; and so much of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectually regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland; as provides that the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts shall annually audit and settle the Accounts of the County Infirmaries, and other Infirmaries and Hospitals of Royal and Public Foundation in Ireland, shall, from and after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, (land and be repealed, favefo far as the fame respectively may abolish any former Office or Authority, or grant any Compensation or Benefit for or in Consideration thereof, and save as to any Proceeding for or towards the Recovery of any Penalty, or the Punishment of any Offence, which shall have been incurred or committed under or against any of the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, to nominate and appoint, from time to time, such Persons as he or they shall think proper, not exceeding Five Persons at any one time, to be Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therein named respectively, the following Salaries and Allowances; that is to say, To the Senior of the said Commissioners for the time being, who shall be styled the First Commissioner, a Salary of One thousand Pounds per Annum, and to the other Commissioners a Salary of Eight hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries respectively shall be clear of all Fees and Deductions, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, ac any Three of them, without further Warrant in that respect.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared', That no Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Ati, shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of fitting at a Member of the House of Commons.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a Secretary, and such Officers, AffiHants, Clerks and Attendants, with such Salaries as he or they shall think proper, to aid, afiifl and attend on the said Commissioners in the Business of their said Office, and to follow the Directions of the said Commissioners in all Things relating to the Business of the said Office, such Salaries to be paid out of the ConsolidateJ Fund of Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, may allow such Suras as to him or them shall seem fit, from time to time, for the

Salaries

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 52. 769

Salaries of the several Officers, Clerks and other Persons to be from time to time employed under the said Commissioners, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in their Office for auditing the Public Accounts, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland by the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three of them, under the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Persons employed by and under them, before they shall enter upon the Execution of their several Offices, shall take an Oath, the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say,

I A.B. {adding his Name of Office] do swear, That, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, I

will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the several Powers and Trulls veiled in me by virtue of the said Office.*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners respectively shall and may take the said Oath before any of the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland, and that the said inferior Officers and Persons respectively shall and may take the fame before the said Commissioners, or any One of them; and the said Barons and Commissioners respectively are hereby authorized to administer the lame.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases not otherwise expressly directed or provided, all and every Authority veiled, or to be veiled in, and all and every Act and Acts directed or authorized to be done by the said Commissioners, shall and may be exercised and clone by any Three of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial, or in any Proceeding whatsoever, Civil or Criminal, Legal or Equitable, any Question shall arise concerning the Appointment or Qualification of any of the said Commissioners, or of any Officer or Person under them, or his or her Right to hold, exercise or enjoy such Office, it shall be sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, to prove, that at the time in question such Person was reputed to be such Commissioner or other Officer; and it shall not be necessary to prove or produce any Appointment or Qualification.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall have been or shall at any time or times liercaster be granted by Parliament, orifiued out of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, for the Improvement of any Part of Ireland\ by erecting Piers, forming Canals, making Rivers navigable, building Churches, Colleges, Schools, Gaols, or any other public Works or Edifices, maintaining Charities, Hospitals or Infirmaries, widening or forming new Streets, Roads or Bridges, rendering Harbours more, commodious, or establishing Coal Yards in any Part of Ireland\ or building, erecting, making or promoting any other Works of public Utility, or of a public Nature, shall be duly and regularly accounted for before the said Commissioners under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from time to time enquire into the Receipt and Expenditure of all Money heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted to the Coqwration for promoting and carrying on the Inland Navigation in Ireland, and shall also from time to time examine, audit and settle the Accounts of the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin.

XI1T. And whereas the Foundling Hospital of the City of Dublin^ the Hibernian and Marine Hospi-

tals, Saint Patrick's Hospital, and House of Industry in the said City, and the Protestant Charter Schools, 0 are maintained principally by Publick Grants and Appropriations; Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also from time to time examine, audit and settle the Accounts of the respective Governorsi Guardians or Trustees thereof respectively.

XIV. And whereas various Sums have been granted from time to time, and annual Revenues appropri-

ated to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture and to the Dublin Society; Be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall examine, audit and settle from time to time the Accounts of the said Trustees and of the said Society: Provided always, that such Examination of the Accounts of the said Society shall be made only so long as the same shall receive any Parliamentary Grants of Public Money, and until the last of such Grants shall be fully accounted for and no longer.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners under this Act shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, audit and settle the Accounts of the several County Infirmaries in Ireland\ and of the several other Infirmaries and Hospitals of Royal or Publick Foundation in Ireland, and of the Receipt and Expenditure, and of the Debts and Credits of all such Infirmaries and Hospitals from time to time respectively, as and when the same shall be respectively given in Charge to the said Commissioners by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or when they shall think proper to examine the fame, and not otherwise or oftener 5 but all Returns required by any Act of Parliament not hereby repealed, to be made to the Commissioners of Accounts from or relating to any such Infirmary or Hospital, shall be duly and regularly made to the Commissioners under this Act accordingly, and shall remain in the Office of the said Commissioners, to be used and examined when they shall be so required to examine the fame, or when they shall think proper so to do.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Thing which is by or under the Authority of any Act not hereby repealed, directed to be done by or to the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, or any Number of them, shall and may be done by or to the said Commissioners under this Act, or by or to the like Number of them respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners under this Act shall and may proceed on all and every Account which shall be depending before and undecided by their Predecessors, the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, in the same manner in all respects as if the said Accounts and the Examination thereof respectively had proceeded so far before themselves; and the said Commissioners under this Act shall as to all Matters decided by or before their said Predecessors, consider themselves bound and concluded in the

52 Geo. III. 5 G fame

Oath of Office*

Before whom taken by Commissioners and Officers.

Quorum,

Reputation sufficient Evidence of Appointment.

Sums itfued by Parliament for public Worksf accounted for beforq Commissioneifc

Inland Navig*. tion, Dublin Port.

Foundling Hospital, Sec. Dublin and Charter Schools.

Unen Manufacture, Dublin Society.

Public Infirmaries and H capitals.

Matters to be done by or to Commissioners of Imprest Accounts shall refer to Commissioners under Act. Proceedings before former Commissioners continued by 1 Kew Commit! sioners.

Lord Lieutenant or Treasury may order Account* to be rub-mitt ed to Commissionera.

Not to extend to Military Account*.

Commissioners subject to Order of Lord Lieutenant.

Auditor General shall annually send to Commissioners Returns of public Money advanced. Accountants shall fend in Accounts annually to Commissioners.

Not to preclude the transmitting of other Accounts required.

Commissioners shall call on Accountants to account, andcompel them so to d< by Application to Attorney General, &c.

Oil Delimit of Accountant

C. 52. 5V GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Decisions had been made by themselves, and not farther or otherwise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland for the time being, and for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or any Three of them, whenever lie or they shall judge the fame expedient, and in such manner, and under such Rules, Orders and Directions as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall from time to time direct and establish, to order any Persons concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of Public Money to furnish due and proper Accounts of the fame, to be laid before the said Commissioners under this Act, to be by them examined and finally adjusted and settled.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners, under any Circum fiances, to examine or audit any Account properly examinable by or belonging to the Department of Military or Army Accounts, and that all and every Voucher and Vouchers, Document or Documents, properly belonging to any such Account, which are or shall be in the Office of the said Commissioners, shall be handed over and delivered up to the Comptroller of Army Accounts, or to the Commissioners of Military Accounts, or to any Person or Persons authorized by him or them to receive the same, and that the same shall thenceforth be kept in the Office of such Comptroller or Commissioners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners under this Act shall be subject to such Regulations not contrary to Law, touching and concerning the due Execution of their said Office, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall from time to time direct and establish; and that it shall be lawful /or the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governor# of Ireland to make and establish Rules, Orders and Directions for the Purposes aforesaid

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Auditor General of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland shall, within Two Months after the passing of this Act, and within Two Months after the Fifth Day of January in every future Year, make a Return in Writing to the said Commissioners of all Sums issued from the said Treasury on any of the Accounts aforesaid* in the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next preceding such Return.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who are or from time to time shall be liable to account before the said Commissioners, shall respectively, within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the passing of this Act, with respect to any Accounts in Arrear up to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the Fifth Day of January in every future Year, deliver unto or transmit to the Office of the said Commissioners an Account Current of all Sums of Money received and paid by them for the Public Service within the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next preceding the furnishing such Account, whether the said Sums of Money or any of them were received or paid for the Service of such Year or otherwise, together with the Vouchers for such Receipts or Payments, accompanied by a Schedule of the fame, which Account and Schedule shall be signed by the Accountant or Accountants, or by some Persons duly authorized on his Behalf, or if such Accountant or Accountants be a Body Politic or Corporate, or a Society, or the Trustees of any Public Instilution, then the same shall be authenticated by the Seal of such Corporation, or by the Signatures of Five of the said Trustees, or of Five of the Individuals composing such Society.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Delivery or Transmission of such Account and Vouchers, by any such Accountant or Accountants, shall not exonerate the Parties from making up and delivering or transmitting such other Accounts as may be required of them, by any Determination or Order of the said Commissioners under this Act, whether upon or in consequence of the Reference of any Account to them as aforesaid, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or otherwise 5 but that all such Accounts shall be made up and authenticated according to the Manner and Form aforesaid, and from and to such Period as shall be required by the Order of the said Commissioner.8 under this Act for that Purpose, and shall be delivered unto, or transmitted to the Office of the said Commissioners, within such time as shall be so required by such Order of the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners under this Act shall and may, so often as they shall think fit, call upon all Accountants or other Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Societies,

or Trustees, to whom or to whose Order or Care any Publick Money, for which such Persons, Bodies, So-} cieties or Trustees respectively shall be accountable to the said Commissioners, shall be or shall have been issued or intruded, to account to them the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Expenditure or I due thereof, within a time to be by them limited; and on Failure of the Accounts being delivered accordingly within the time so limited, the said Commissioners shall, in every case where they shall see Cause, give Notice thereof to His Majesty's Attorney General in England or Ireland, His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or His Majesty's Attorney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as the case may require, in order that such Motions, Suits, Bills or Procrfs may be made, instituted, filed or issued by the said Officers against any such Defaulter, as may be necessary to compel him to deliver in his Accounts as directed by the said Commissioners, unless upon Application of the Parties stating some speci&l and sufficient Cause of Delay, the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall grant his or their Warrant to stay the Proceedings for such reasonable time or times as he or they shall think fit.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Accountant o? Accountants shall fail to deliver such Accounts, pursuant to such Requisition, it shall and may be lawful to and for the saki Commissioners, if they

5 shall

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 52.

771

[Proviso.]

shall think proper (o to do, to cause a Notice, signed by any Three of the said Commissioners for the time Commissioners being, to be ferwed on such Accountant or Accountants, that the said Commissionere will proceed peremptorily after Notice may to audit the Accounts of such Accountant or Accountants, or any Part thereof, that may be mentioned in such Notice, 00 a Day to be therein mentioned, not less than One Calendar Month from the Service of such Accounts iu hi* Notrcr 5 and thereupon such Commissioners shall proceed to audit such Account or Accounts accordingly, Absence. whether any Accounts shall have been then fumished as aforesaid or not, or whether such Accountant or Accountants shall attend or not; and the said: Commissioners shall charge such Accountant or Accountants with all Payments made from or under His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Order; and if such Accountant or Accountants shall not produce and prove, to the Saftisfa&ioti of the said Commissioners, any Dischaarger such Commissioners shall thereupon allow the Whole of the Sums so charged as a Balance against such Accountant or Accountants; Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiifiouers to postpone from time to time, as often as they shall see good Cause for so doing, the final auditing of any such Account.

XXVI. And, in> order that it may more plainly appear whether it is fit that any Body Politic or Corporate, Where Money or any Society or Trustees, should receive future Aid from Parliament, or from His Majesty's * Treasury, be granted by Par-k enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all Societies and Trustees, who gene'

have received, or who shall at any time hereafter receive, by virtue of any Grant or Grants from Parliament or "nty$ otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money out of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, which shall not be appro- Accounts of11 priated by the express Terms of the Graut thereof to some special Purpose or Purposes wholly distioft from their Fund*, the other Funds of such Body, Society or Trustees, shall, in llating and rendering their Accounts as aforesaid, set forth and state to the said Commissioners under this Act, from the time of the first Grant or Order for any such Money, or any Part thereof, a full* and exact Account of all the Funds, Monies, Debts and Credits whatsoever of such Body, Society or Trustees, however derived, or whatever be the Nature, Amount or Particulars thereof; and the said Commissioners shall settle and audit said Account, including such Part thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Money shall be issued from His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland Money shall not by virtue of any Parliamentary Grant, or otherwise to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Cor-'be ifl»?ed by porate, Society or Trustees, who shall ever have received any former Money therefrom at any time after the^r

Expiration of the Period within which he, she or they shall be liable to render an Account to the said Com- amounted for* missioners under this Act, until such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Society or Trustees, shall have first produced, or caused to be produced to the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's said Treasury a Certificate signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, that he, she or they hath or have fumifted to the said Commissioners a full Account of the last preceding Sum fa issued, and of all Sums for which* he, she or they is or are accountable by reason thereof.

XXV LI I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall oblige the Com- Period of commissioners to enquire into the Expenditure of any Money granted for any of the Purposes aforesaid, previous menc, n? Ac-to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ten, except where any Grant or Payment made ct!4ilt, f Con1-since the said time for any of the said Purposes shall in their Judgments make such Enquiry necessary or useful, or except where they shall otherwise find it necessary for the Public Service.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Money shall be paid out of any Sum which has been or shall be granted by Parliament, and which is to be accounted for before the said Commissioners on account of Interest or Discount, or of any Deduction from the gross Sum granted, other than the Deduction of Pells and pJuJandPuund-Poundage, unless where a special Power has been or shall be given to the Grantees authorizing them to pay 8gc. interestl or Discount, or to make such Deduction, or where it shall be otherwise directed or allowed by, nor shall any Money be paid out of any such Grant for any Expences attending the Application for the famet or in preparing Memorials, Parliamentary Attendance, or accounting for the Expenditure thereof 5 and ail Sums so paid shall be disallowed and (truck out of the Accountants' Discharge by the said Commissioners.

XXX^ And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners under this Cnmrmfltoners Act, or any Three of them for the time being, and they are hereby required to call before them the several Per- may call Parties fons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Societies and Trustees, who have at any time received from His Majesty's before them witk Treasury any Public Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose which the said Vouched* Commissioners are or shall be authorized to inquire into; and any Members, or Secretaries, or other Officers ° cr of any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Society, as also the several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

Societies and Trustees, to whom any Money has been granted or appropriated for any of the said Purposes; and any Members, or Secretaries, or other Officers of any such Body Politic or Corporate, or Society, and the Successors, Executors and Administratora of such Persons respectively, and to require them to give an Account of the Expenditure of the said Monies, and to exhibit to the said Commissioners all such Account

Certificates, Warrants of Expenditure, Books, Muniments or Bills whatsoever, as shall touch or concern the Receipt or Expenditure of such Money, or- the Charge or Discharge of the Accounts thereof, and as shall be and remain in their Hands.or Custody, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) the said several Persons touching the several Items thereof, or any Entries therein, and touching any Matters relative to the Receipt, Expenditure or Non Expenditure of the said Money.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall also have full CommHBonert Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required to call before them, and examine upon raay e*»lns on Oath, all Persons who have, or who they shall have Reason to believe have, any Knowlege of the receiving, °alh a" Person#

}G 2 expend-

missioner*.

No Dedullton allowed from

772

feicerned in Expenditure of Moneys nted.

f Sic,

Commissioners may esquire- into Frauds, and shall not; illo*v undue f'yjienditure in JJiitliarge.

Commissioners shall report to Lord Lieutenant, the Tren-fury and Parliament*

Parties in Con-, iinement may be brought before Commissioners by Habeas Corpus to be examined.

Commissioners may allow Payments without written Vouchers;

Dr on imperfect Vouchers*

Allowances above 30l. confirmed by Lotd Lieutenant.

Orders of Board of First Fruits and Certificates

C. 52. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

expending, dilburfing or in any wise accounting for, entering, paying or managing any of the Monies of which they are or shall at any time be duly authorized to state or settle Accounts, and likewise-to call before them, and examine upon Oath all Persons whom they shall think proper for the Purpose of enquiring into the Ho-nefty, Efficacy and Legality of the Expenditure of all such Monies, and into the State and Conditions of the several Works f which any of such Monies have been or ought to have been applied, and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them, as often as they shall think proper, all Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers and Writings, of what Nature soever, and in whosoever Custody they may be, which in any wise touch or concern the Receipt, Expenditure, Disposal or Management of the said Monies, and to examine upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) all Persons whom they shall think proper, touching the State, Custody, Entries or Items in such Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and required to enquire into all corrupt and fraudulent or improper Practices or other Misconduct in the Expenditure, Application of, ordering or accounting for issuing or receiving, all and singular or any of the said Monies, and into the Efficacy and due Execution of the Works for which any Part thereof have been or shall be granted or appropriated, and they shall not include, or suffer to remain or be included in the Discharge Part of any Account which shall be at any time dated by them, any Article of Expenditure which shall not appear to them to be agreeable to the Intention or Import of the Grant to, or Trust reposed, or legal Powers vested in the Parties to whom such Grant has been or shall have been made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (hah without any further Requisition, as soon as possible after their Determination and Proceeding on any Matter committed to their Examination, give an Account thereof in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and also to each House of Parliament, and also to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, with respect to such Accounts as shall have been referred to the Commissioners under this Act, by the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the said Office; and the said Commissioners under this Act shall report therewith what Defects, Frauds or Illegalities shall have been observed during their Proceedings in the Mode of Account or Expenditure, or in the Execution of the several Works aforesaid, and likewise such Regulations or other Matters as they shall in their Judgment deem expedient to be observed and adopted for the better directing, enforcing and securing the honest, just and effectual Expenditure of future Grants of Money, for the said several or similar Purposes, or any of them.

XXX

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or any One of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, at their Discretion, to grant a Writ of Habeas Corpus, to bring up any Person or Persons confined in any Gaol, Prison or Place of Confinement in Ireland, to be examined before the said Commissioners under this Act, or any Three of them, touching any Matter of Account which shall be then depending before them, and every such Person shall be so brought up accordingly; thevSum required by Law in every such case being first duly tendered; and shall be brought and detained before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, from Day to Day, and from Hour to Hour, and as often and as long as they shall find necessary for the Purpose of such Examination, and at the Close thereof, shall be carried back to the fame Prison or Place of Confinement, or otherwise disposed of according to Law, and none of the said Matters shall be deemed or taken to be an Escape; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enquire into, ascertain and allow the necessary Expences of so bringing and keeping every such Person in such Attendance, and of taking him or her back to such Prison or Place of Confinement 5 and that such Expences being so allowed and being certified by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall be paid as Part of the incidental Expences of said Office.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant any Sum on any Account of Expenditure that hath been or shall be incurred, although no written Voucher of the actual Payment of such Sum shall be produced to them, in cases where, upon Statements of the Accountants rendered on Oath, and after sufficient Enquiry, the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Sums have been actually and properly disbursed, and that all due Diligence shall have been used by the Accountant to procure such Voucher; and whenever a Voucher produced or to be produced by any Accountant for any Account shall be defective, from the Want of any Certificate or other Document which ought to accompany such Voucher, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Proof to their Satisfaction that the Accountant did not wilfully neglect to procure such Certificate or Document, and that the Sum specified in the Voucher shall have been actually and properly disbursed, to admit such Voucher as a sufficient Discharge of the said Accountant, and to allow the Amount of the same to his Credit: Provided always, that in all cases where any Sum exceeding Thirty Pounds shall be allowed to the Credit of any Accountant, either without any written Voucher, or upon animperfeft Voucher, the Particulars and Amount of every such Allowance shall be specified to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in the Statement of the Account in which such Allowances may be made, in order that the fame may be considered and confirmed, or disallowed, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, previous to the Declaration of any such Account.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Orders of the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland for the Appropriation of any Money which has been heretofore or shall be hereafter granted to them by Parliament for the building of Churches, together with the Certificate of the Bishops of the respective Dioceses, setting

9 forth

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 52.

forth that the Churches for which such Orders shall have been made have been properly and sufficiently built, shall be allowed as Vouchers for the Sums contained in such Orders; and that upon any such Certificate and Order of Appropriation being laid before the Commissioners under this Act, for any One or more Church or Churches, and as often as the case shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners under this Act to pass the Account for the fame, without waiting for the Accounts of any remaining Part of the Sum granted to the said Commissioners of First Fruits.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the Examination of all such Persons, Books, Papers, and other Matters, as they shall think proper, the said Commissioners under this Act shall make full, perfect and just Accounts or Declarations of the Accounts of all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Societies or Truuees, who are or shall be at any Time accountable to them, which Account shall contain the Sum and Substance thereof in Charge and Discharge, or by way of Debtor and Creditor; and they shall cause a Copy thereof to be given to the Party or Parties accountable.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any such Account shall have been so fully examined and audited by the said Commissioners under this Act, and that any Sum or Item in the Discharge thereof shall have been disallowed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time within Three Calendar Months after the Date of such auditing, to order the said Commissioners for the time being to state, for the Information of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, the Grounds and Cause of such Disallowances, whereupon the said Commissioners for the time being, or any Three of them, shall forthwith make a Report under their Hands, in Obedience to such Order; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, Within Six Calendar Months after the Date of such Report, to order, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, that every or any such Items or Item, or any Part thereof respectively, shall be allowed, and thereupon the same shall be so allowed, and the same shall be brought forward and allowed in the next Account of such Accountant.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Account shall have been audited by the said Commissioners, the same shall be final and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, save only so far as the fame may be altered in manner aforesaid, by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being in manner aforesaid; and that if in any Account of any Body Politic or Corporate, Society or Trustees, any Discharge or Sum shall have been disallowed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners and not afterwards allowed by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being as aforesaid, the same shall not be paid or allowed out of the Funds of such Body, Society or Trustees; but the Person or Persons who ordered such Expenditure shall be respectively liable to make good the fame, and shall and may be sued for the fame, or any Part thereof, by an .Action of Indebitatus jdjfumfjit) either jointly or severally, by the Secretary of the said Commissioners; and in such Suit it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to prove the Order of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Disallowance of the Sum so ordered, or any Part thereof as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the time of auditing any such Account by the said Commissioners, any such Accountant therein shall be absent from Ireland, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time within Three Calendar Months after the Return of such Person to Ireland, to order the said Commissioners to state the Cause of any such Disallowance as aforesaid; and thereupon such Report shall and may be made by the said Commissioners, and such subsequent Proceedings had, as if such Order had .been issued within the time aforesaid,

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from time to time to destroy any Voucher or Vouchers, which shall remain in their Office at any time after Fifteen Years from the Date thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on receiving an Order in Writing for the Purpose from the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to hand over and deliver up to the Person or Persons mentioned for that Purpose in such Order, any Voucher or Vouchers whatsoever that may be in their said Office, and which shall be specified or directed in such Order.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly summoned by Precept under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to appear before the said Commissioners touching any of the Matters aforesaid, to give ^yidenceor otherwise, or to exhibit any Account, Certificate, Book, Muniment, Bill, Plan, Paper or Writing, pursuant to this Act, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or to exhibit any of the aforesaid Articles in his or her Custody, Power or Possession, according to the Terms of such Summons, or to answer any Question on Oath, which shall be lawfully proposed to him or her by any of the said Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thing which they shall therein be empowered to examine into, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction by any Person who shall sue for the fame; and if any of the said Grants, or any Part thereof, shall have been made to be received by or paid to such Person who shall so refuse or neglect as aforesaid, or to any one to whom such Person is the Successor, Executor or Administrator, such Person so neglecting or refusing shall not only forfeit the like Sum for every Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered in like manner, but such Process shall likewise issue out of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer against him or her, upon Complaint made before the said Court, as is usual against Debtors to His Majesty who refuse or neglect to account.

773

of Bi (hops allow, ed as Vouchers.

On Examination Commissioners shall make up' Accounts, amt deliver Copy to Accountant.

Lord Lieutenant empowered to relieve against Sums disallowed by Commissioners.

Accounteaudited by Com mil-(toners fin; 1, and Sums disallowed paid by Parties ordering Expenditure.

Relief of Accountants not in Ireland at time <?f auditing Accounts.

Vouchers may be destroyed or given up.

Parties fnm-pnoned refusing to attend, &c.

[Penalty.]

774

Affirmation of Quakersaliowtd.

Perjury.

Officers of Charities, &c. refilling to at* tend on Summons, See,

[Penalty.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Act amended, Sec.

4* G. 3, 09.1.]

i3-

CoflSr* imported from British Colonies may be sold by Auction free from Duty whiie remaining in Warehouse under 43 G. 3. c. 132, &c. Auction Duty allowed for Coffee sold by Auction on or since Jan. 29, 1812, while remaining In Warehouse.

To be claimed

within Two Months.

C. 52, 53. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

XLIII. And be it furtlaer enacted, That in all cases in which an Oath shall be required or directed or authorized to be taken before the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, the Affirmation of a Quaker shall be received as and for and in lieu of such Oath, and shall be of the fame Force, Validity and Effect, to alt Intents and Purposes, as such Oath.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall by virtue of this or any Act or Acts of Parliament take or make any Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall wilfully falsely take any such Oath or Affirmation, and be thereof lawfully convicted, he or she so offending shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted ot wilful and corrupt Perjury shall then by any Law or Lawe in force in Ireland be liable unto; or if any Person or Persons shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person to take such false Oath or Affirmation, and the Person or Persons so procuring or fuboming shall be thereof convicted, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Inabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury shall be then liable unto.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Member or Officer of any Corporation, Charity or Public Establishment hereinbefore mentioned whatsoever, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to obey any Summons or Order issued by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to appear before or to exhibit or lay before them any Accounts, Certificates, Books, Muniments, Bills, Plans, Papers or Writings which shall be in h» Custody or Possession, or to answer upon Oath any Question which shall be lawfully propofrd to him by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, every such Member or Officer shall, for every fitch Offence, not only forfeit the Penalty of Twenty Pounds hereinbefore imposed, but shall be likewise declared and shall be incapable of holding his said Office any longer.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all and every MSatter and Thing therein contained; shall begin and have Effect from and after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, during this prefect Session of Parliament.

CAP. LIII.

An Act: for extending the Time in which Coffee of the British Plantations may be sold by Auction without Payment of the Duty on Auctions; and for making an Allowance of such Duty on Coffee fold for which the said Duty has not been paid.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for exempting from the Auction Duty Estates and Effecta

bought in for thp Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in Abterica* 4 or from any Part of the United States, it is, among other things, enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Mer-

chandize and Effects imported in any British Ship or Vessel from any British Colony or Settlement in America*

shall and may be sold by Auction free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and Effects sold by Auction,

subject to a Proviso, that nothing in the said Act contained should extend or be deemed or construed to extend to authorize the Sale of any such Goods or Effects free of the said Duty, unless such Sale should be made within Twelve Months next after the time when such Goods or Effects should have been so imported: And whereas it is expedient to allow a further time for the Sale of such Coffee as is herein after mentioned, free of the said Duty Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Coffee so imported as aforesaid shall and may be sold by Auction free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and Eflfefts sold by Auction, at any time whilst the fame shall be and remain lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses underor by virtue of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for permit-ting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Buty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the warehousing of Goods without Payment of the Duties; any thing in the said Proviso contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance of the Auction Duty shall be made to the Auctioneers for and in respect of all Coffee imported in any British Ship or Vessel from any British Colony or Settlement in America» and sold by, Auction on or since the Twenty ninth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, wfiilft the fame was and remained lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses according to the Directfetis of the said Act made in the Forty third rear aforesaid; or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the warehousing of Goods without Payment of the Duties, and for and in respect whereof the said Duty shall not have been actually paid before the passing of this Act'; any thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandingk

III. Provided always nevertheless, That no Auctioneer shall have or be entitled to any such Allowance for or in respect of any such Coffee fold within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, unless such Auctioneer by whom such Coffee shall have been fold shall, within Two Mbntlrs.next after the passing of this Act, deliver at the Chief Office of Excise in London» to the Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to receive the same, an exact and particular Account in Writing of the total Amount of the Money bid at the Sale at which such Coffee shall have been so fold, and of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels which shall have been there fold, and the Price of each and every such Article, Lot or Parcel; nor unless such Auctioneer, or the Person who acted as his Clerk at such Sale, if any, shall at the time of the

Delivery

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 53, 54, 55. 775

Delivery of such Account make Oath to the Truth of each and every such Account, before the Commissioners of Excise, or One of them, or before such Person as the said Commissioners of Excise should appoint to receive the same; nor shall any Auctioneer have or be entitled to any such Allowance for or in respect of any such Coffee fold in any Part of Great Britain not within the Limits of the said Chief Office, unless such Auctioneer by whom such Coffee shall have been fold shall, within such Two Months, deliver to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Coffee shall have been so fold, an exact and particular Account in Writing of the total Amount of the Money bid at the Sale at which such Coffee shall have been so fold, and of the several Articles, Lots or Parcels which shall have been there fold, and the Price of each and every such Article, Lot or Parcel; nor unless such Auctioneer, or the Person who acted as his Clerk at such Sale, if any, shall at the time of the Delivery of such Account make Oath to the Truth of each and every such Account before such Collector of Excise; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial,

and are near expiring, and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be continued; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for the better Collection of the said Duties, as was, by another Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign a fore fa id, continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass; and for granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting*other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Collection of the said Duties; which was to remain and continue in force for the Space of One Year, to be computed from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, shall remain and continue from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

CAP. LV.

An Act to prevent Foreign Goods of certain Descriptions being brought from the United States of America into Canada; and to allow a greater Quantity of Worsted Yarn to be exported from Great Britain to Canada.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Foreign Goods and Commodities not of the Growth of the Terri-

tories of the United States of America, should not be brought from the said Territories by Inland

Navigation or Land Carriage into the Province of Upper and Lower Canada, to the Prejudice of the Trade carried on by Sea from the United Kingdom to the said Provinces; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever, except Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Territories of the United States of America, shall be brought from the Territories of the said United States of America by Inland Navigation or Land Carriage, into the Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of the said Goods or Commodities, or the Value thereof, together with the Vessel or Carriage in which the feme shall be brought; to be sued for, recovered and distributed in the like manner as is directed in any Ad in the case of Offences being committed against the Laws of Customs in any of His Majesty's Plantations in Africa or America,

II. And whereas the Quantity of Worsted and Woollen Yam permitted to be exported by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing the Exportation annually of 4 a limited Quantity of WorJled Tarn to Canada, is found not sufficient for the Indian Trade in Canada* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Exportation of any Quantity of Worsted or Woollen Yam, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds Weight in any One Year, from the Port of London* to be transported to the Province of Lower Canada, in such Proportions, at such times, in such manner, and subject to such Regulations and Refttidions as shall be directed and appointed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid; any thing in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mori lings. Short-Hugs, Tarn and Wcrjted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures,

made

So much of 49 G. 3. c. 63. as was continued by 51 G.3. c 69. §46. further continued till Aug. 1. i8lj.

Jl G. 3. c. 69. continued till Aug. X, 1813.

What Goods brought from United States into Canada. Penalty.

47 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 9.

His Majesty may permit Worsted Yarn to be exported from London to Lower Canada yeaily.

28 G. 3. c. 38, §9-

776 C. 55, 56. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

made of Woolfiightly wrought up, or other wise put together, so at the fdme may he reduced to and made use of as Wool again, Mattreffes or Beds fluffedfuith combed Wool, or WoolJit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the Winding of Wool, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending an Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Six pence in the Pound on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

49 G. 3. c. 32.«W An Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by

4 an Act of thelajl Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Tear, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and §1.'nine, by which it was enacted, that, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, there should be assessed, raised, levied and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, upon all Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other Payments, Salaries, Fees, Wages and Perquisites, as set forth in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, the several Rates and Duties

respectively inserted and coritained therein: And whereas another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the

Sc G. 3 c. 56. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Six pence in the Pound, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends; by which it is enacted, that the said Duties of Six pence and One Shilling respectively shall be assessed, raised, levied and paid in Scotland, for the Purposes directed by the said last recited Act for and in respect of all Pensions and Annuities, and for and in respect of all Salaries, Fee6, Wages and Perquisites- and for and in respect of all Pensions or Gratuities for or in respect of which or of any of which the said

Duties were respectively charged or chargeable in Scotland prior to the passing of the said last recited Act, by virtue of Two Acts passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, King George the 1 First, and in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, which9are therein recited, or by virtue of any Act or Acts passed prior to the passing of the said last recited Act passed irt the then last Session of Parliament, in the manner in which the fame were respectively raised,

assessed, levied and paid, prior to the passing of the said recited Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 2 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Duties were to be subject to the Exemptions specified in a Schedule annexed to the said recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which Schedule is annexed to this Act Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Exemptions of fame. That the said Duties were and shall be subject and liable to the Exemptions specified in the said Duties of is. id. Schedule, and this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the in the Pi und regulated by Schedule an* nexed.

said Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and this Act and the said last mentioned Act shall be conllrucd together in the same manner as if this Act had made Part of the said last mentioned Act.

SCHEDULE referred to.

EXEMPTIONS.

ANY of the Royal Family.

Any Person on the Staff of His Majesty's Army 5 any Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer or Private in the Army, Artillery, Marines or Corps of Engineers, or in the Militia or Volunteers, or in the Navy.

Any Pension or Gratuity which His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, or His Majesty, shall have been, or Hir said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be pleased to declare in the Warrant, Order or other Instrument, cfirefting Payment thereof to be intended as Charitable Donations.

Any Office or Employment in any of the Universities in Great Britain

In every case where any Salary, Wages, Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities or other Payments payable in respect of any Office or Employment of Profit, or any Annuity, Pension, Stipend or other Payment, shall have been specially exempted from the Payment of Aids and Taxes by any Act of Parliament.

In every case, where any Salary, Stipend or other Payment of or in respect of any Office or Employment> or any Proportion of such Salary, Stipend or other Payment, which shall be payable to any Person in respect to his having held any Office or Employment, or upon his Superannuation from such Office or Employment, shall have been or shall be directed to be paid Net or without Deduction by any Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by any Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

In every case where the Charge or Charges of One Shilling and of Six pence respectively, or of either of them, or any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforesaid, shall have been directed to be repaid or re-imbursed to the Party charged with the said Duty of One Shilling and Six pence respectively out of the Public Revenue,

or

A.D. 18812.

52 GEORGII III.

C. 56, 57- 777

or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund, or Incidents of any Department of Office by like Order of His Majesty in Council, or by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Provided always, That the Authority for the Payment Net or without Deduction of any Salary, Stipend or other Payment aforesaid, and the Authority for the Repayment out of the Public Revenue, or out of the Contingent or Fee Fund or Incidents of any Department of Office, of any Charge made or any Salary,

Stipend or other Payment aforesaid, shall be respfeftively certified by some principal Officer in the Department to which such Office or Employment belongs, or such Payment is made, to be paid Net or without Deduction, or to be repaid out of the said Revenue,

CAP. LVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augufia Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, an Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, instead of the Annuity settled on them by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty.

[5th May 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of Your Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 18 0.3. c. ji.

W enabling His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnejfet the Princes Frederick Bifhob of Osnaburgh,

William Henry, Edward, Emeft Augustus, Augustus Frederick and Adolphus Frederick, an Annuity of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum 5 and also to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princejfes Charlotte Au«

gufta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, One other Annuity of Thirty thousand Pounds per Annum; and also to settle on His Highness Prince William Frederick, One other Annuity of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum 5 and on Her Highness the Princess Sophia Matilda, One other Annuity of Four thousand Pounds per Annum: And whereas Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to express Your Desire to Your faithful Commons, to be empowered to provide for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augujla Sophia, Elizabeth Mary and Sophia, by an immediate Grant Therefore We Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the King's His Majesty Most Excellent Majesty, instead of the said Annuity in the said Act mentioned, by any Letters Patent, or by empowered to several Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant to their 1e£", their

Royal Highnesses Princess Augujla Sophia, Princess Elizabeth, Princess Mary and Prinqefs Sophia, and to the Survivors and Survivor of them, or to such other Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to benamed tifeity granted in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, during the Lives of their said Royal Highnesses, and the Life by 18 0.3. c. 31. of the Survivor of them, in Trust for their said Roysu Highnesses, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, One «n Anmmy c? Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Thirty six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of JtooooL Great Britain, by the Year, to commence and take Effect from the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to be paid and payable by even and equal Portions on the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of 0Sober; the First Payment thereof to be made as soon as raaij be after the passing of this Act, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the said Eighteenth Day of February and the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and twelve 5 and that such Annuity or Yearly Sum of Money shall or may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, be given and granted to issue, and shallaccoraingly issue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall and inav be hereafter charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That upon the Death of any of their said Royal Highnesses the Rtgulstion* for Princesses, or upon the Marriage of any One of them, and the Payment of a Portion on or in Confederation of the (kid

such Marriage, not less than Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, the Right, Title, Share and interest of such ^MmS«Dor Princess so dying or being married, in and to the said Yearly Rent or Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, Death of any of or any Part thereof, shall cease and determine, and the said whole Annuity shall from thenceforth accrue and the Princeflee. remain to the Three other Princesses; and upon the Death or Marriage of any other of the said Princesses, and the Payment of a Portion, not less than Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share and interest of such other Princess so dying or being married, in or to the said Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds shall cease and determine, and Two Third Parts of the said Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, amounting to Twenty four thousand Pounds ber Annum, and no more, shall accrue and belong to the other Two Princesses then unmarried; and upon the Death or Marriage of either of the said Two last mentioned Princesses, and Payment of a Portion, not less than Forty thousand Pounds Ster-ing, on or in Consideration of such Marriage, the Right, Share and interest of such Princess, of, in and to the said Annuity of Twenty four thousand Pounds, shall cease and determine; and the other of the said Princesses then living (ha; l be entitled to Twelve thousand Pounds ber Annum, Part of the said Rent or Annuity of Twenty four thousand Pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her Death or Marriage, and the Payment of a Portion, not left than Forty thousand Pounds Sterling, on or in Consideration of such Marriage.

52 G10. m. 5 H III. And

778

Annuities paid at Exchequer, without Fees, and free from all Taxes.

C. 57, ^8« 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Annuities shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the said Fund, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and lie is hereby* required, by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said respective Annuities as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the respective Acquittance or Acquittances, llcceipt or Receipts, of their said Royal Highnesses, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be by them respectively authorized and appointed to receive such respective Annuities, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed upon the said Warrant or Warrants shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said respective Annuities to their said Royal Highnesses, during the Continuances of the fame, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said respective Annuities so to be given and granted, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever.

Duty of it. 7d. for every lb. of Tobacco delivered out of Warehouse for Manufacture.

Ixcise Duty on Tobacco by 47 G 3. Self. 1. c 18. and

jt G.3. e.j6.

to cealc;

but Duties in Arrear, and Penalties incurred, recovered.

Tobacco in Cvistody of Manufacturer, &c. subject to old Duty.

39*40 G. 3. c. 67.

40 G.3. (I) c. 38.

Tobacco and Snuff imported from Great Bri-

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise on Tobacco to be manufactured in Ireland: and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Drawbacks; and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties.

[20th May 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, nave freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and fatiified, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an Excise Duty of One Shilling and Seven pence British Currency, for and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which shall at any time or times from and after the Commencement of this Act, be delivered out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, or out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, for Manufacture in Ireland, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, and to be charged on and paid by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be delivered for Manu-fcfture; which said Duty of Excise shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties of Inland Excise granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, or taken out of the original Package for Manufacture in Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Duties of Inland Excise imposed on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland\ by Two several Acts, the one made in the Forty* seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and Drawbacks; and the other in the Fifty first Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid and payable, lave as herein after provided.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or take away any of the Regulations or Provisions, Powers or Authorities, contained in any* Act or Acts in force on or before the Commencement of this Act, for levying or recovering of all Excise Duties payable on Tobacco, and Arrears of such Duties, which shall have been incurred or become due on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every such Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities, shall be and remain in full force for the levying and recovering the said Duties, and Arrears of the said D uties.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Tobacco which, having been delivered out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, on or before the Commencement of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, or other Person or Persons in Ireland, at any time on or after the Commencement of this Act, shall be chargeable and charged with the Inland Excise Duty payable on Tobacco, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or before the Commencement of this Act; and the said Duty shall be charged against and payable and paid by such Person and Persons. at such time, and in such manner, and under and subject to all the Rules and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned, expressed and contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, on or before the Commencement of this Act, for the charging, paying, levying and collecting of the Inland Excise Duties on Tobacco; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain, and Ir dandy that in respect of the Duties on Tobacco imported into and manufacttired in Ireland, Counter- vailing Duties should be charged upon Tob acco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the Duties charged on Tobacco*imported into and manufactured in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That for and upon all Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, of the several Descriptions herein after meti-

7 tioned.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 58.

tioned, which shall be imported from thence into Ireland at any time or times from and after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be charged, levied, collected and paid the several Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable upon the Importation of such Tobacco and Snuff, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the Commencement of this Act; that is to say.

For and upon every Pound Weight' Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, the Sum of Seven Pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly known or called by the Name of Spanish, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Tobacco or Snuff, being British manufactured Shag Tobacco cut, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings; Z?r////£-manufactured Roll Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence; Z?r/7/^-matmfactured Carrott Tobacco, the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny; every e ther Sort of 2?rj7//&-manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence; Z?r////ft-manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven pence Three Farthings; j5r/7£/Z>-manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine pence; British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of One Shilling and Eleven pence 5 British manufactured Stalk Flour, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence Three Farthings:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff or Snuff-work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Two Shillings and Nine-pence:

All which said last mentioned Duties shall be paid and payable in British Currency:

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of Tobacco and Snuff manufactured in Ireland of the like Denominations, and exported at any time from and after the Commencement of this Act, and for which the Duties payable thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duties by this Act granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, in lieu of all Drawbacks payable under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or immediately before the Commencement of this Act, in respect of any such Tobacco or Snuff exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon all Tobacco and Snuff manufactured in Ireland from Tobacco, which shall have paid all Duties of Customs and Excise payable on the fame according to Law, from and after the Commencement of this Act, which shall be exported from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed by way of Drawback or Compensation for the Duty charged and paid on the Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excite Duty charged thereon by Law, the like Sums of Money as are by this Act allowed and made payable on all such manufactured Tobacco and Snuff exported to Great Britain, according to the Descriptions and Denominations hereinbefore mentioned and contained: Provided always, that Proof shall be made on Oath or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, that all such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff so exported had been manufactured from Tobacco, which had theretofore paid all Import and Excise Duties payable by Law thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges for collecting and paying the fame being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make perpetual and to amend federal A3s for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Prote3ion of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland, as relates to the Removal of any Tobacco out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from any Wamhouse in which the same shall have been lodged and secured, into the Stock of any Manufacturer of Tobacco; or to the granting of any Permit for the Removal of Tobacco into the Stock of any Manufacturer of Tobacco, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX. And, for the better securing the Inland Excise Duties on Tobacco in Ireland granted by this Act, be it enacted, That no Tobacco shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act, be removed out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged and secured, except for Exportation, or into the Stock of a licensed Manufacturer of Tobacco; and that whenever such Tobacco shall be intended to be removed into the Stock of such Manufacturer, the Permit which shall be granted for the same to the Importer or Wholesale Merchant to whom such Tobacco shall belong, by the proper Officer of the Customs, shall be lodged with the Excise Permit Officer, who shall, under the Provisions herein after mentioned, grant in lieu of such Customs Permit an Excise Permit for the Removal of such Tobacco into the Stock of the Manufacturer mentioned in such Custom Permit; and such Tobacco shall not be removed out of the Custody of the Officer or Officers of the Customs, or out of any Warehouse in which the same shall be so lodged or secured, until the Manufacturer, or forae Person on his Behalf, shall have obtained and produced the said Excise Permit to the proper Officer of the Customs.

X. And be it further enacted, That no such Excise Permit for the Removal of any such Tobacco shall be granted, until the Duties of Excise imposed by this Act shall have been fully paid thereon; nor until the M : nu-tadlurer to whom such Tobacco shall be intended to be delivered, or some Person on his Behalf, shall produce to

5 H 2 such

779

tain into Ireland to pay following Countervailing Duties;

Duties.

Drawback of Countervailing Duties allowed on F.xp rtat: on of such Tobacco and Snuff from Ireland to G. B.

Drawback allowed on Expo*-tation of Tobacco and Snuff to any other Place except G. B.

Duties carried to Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

48 G. 3 c. 8a.§6.

repealed.

Regulations n$ to Permits for Removal of Tobacco.

No Permit granted until Duties 01 Excise paid, &c.

y8o C. 8.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Tohtcco removed (except for Exportation), without Excise Permit forfeited. Certificate from Surveyor, of his having inspected Manufactory, produced before Licence granted.

Stock in Possef fion of Manufacturer, not less than Quantity in Stock At count of Officer. Penalty.

Tobacco in Case may be weighed.

37G.3.(I.)c4».

Contracts for Sale or To icco, where Consider-atioa shall not be as herein mentioned, &c. void.

If Tobacco be sold for a lower Price, Buyer

arm recover Difference from Seller.

Not to void Contract for Sale of Tobacco under Bankruptcy. Licence in force till the 25th of March.

No Tobacco, &c. Imported into Ireland after Periods herein mentioned. Penalty.

[Proviso.]

Duties, See. and Penalties how levied and paid.

such Permit Officer of Excise, the Permit granted for such Tobacco by the Officer of Customs, and also the Receipt of the Collector of Excise of the District, for the Excise Duty on such Tobacco; por unless such Officer or Excise shall be suffered to indorse on such Receipt the Quantity of Tobacco for which such Excise Permit is required, and the Date of such Permit; and every such Officer is hereby required to make such Endorsement accordingly; and in every such Receipt shall be specified the Number of Pounds Weight of Tobacco upon which the said Duty shall have been paid, together with the Number and Mark of each Package in which such Tobacco shall be contained, distinguishing the Weight of each.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco shall be removed out of any of His Majesty's Ware-houses or Stores, or out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs (except for Exportation) before such Excise Permit shall be granted for the Removal of the fame, all such Tobacco so removed without such Excise Permit shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence be granted to manufacture Tobacco, any Person requiring the fame shall, with the Entry which he is by Law required to make of the several Places and Uteu-fils to be used by him for keeping or manufacturing Tobacco, deliver to the proper Officer for granting such Licence, a Certificate from the Surveyor of Excise of the Survey within which the Manufactory of such Person shall be situate, felting forth that he has inspected the several Places and Utensils mentioned and described in such Entry.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Stock of Leaf Tobacco in the Possession of any Manufacturer of Tobacco shall be less than the Quantity of such Tobacco which, by the Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Possession of such Manufactureevery such Manufacturer shall, for every time such Decrease shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Tobacco which shall appear so deficient.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, from time to time when he shall think it 'xpedienf so to do, to weigh any Tobacco in Case, declared to be intended for Snuff; provided that such Tobacco shall have remained in such Case for the Space of Six Weeks or upwards 5 any thing iu an Act*, made in «iie Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts, Pronfifes, Bonds, Judgments or other Securities given or executed*by any Person, where the Whole or any Part of the Consideration of any such Contract, Promise or Security, shall be for any Tobacco in Leaf or manufactured, which shall have been fold for a less Price by the Pound Weight than the Import and Excise Duties payable thereon, together with a Sum of Two pence added thereto, shall amount to, or for any Tobacco with which such Permits as by this Act required shall not have been granted, shall be utterly void; and no Suit shall be maintained thereon in any Court of Law or Equity.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Tobacco shall be sold for ready Money at any lower Price than as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons buying or purchasing such Tobacco, to recover from the Seller or Sellers thereof a Sum eaual to the full Amount of such Tobacco so sold as aforesaid, to be sued for anti recovered by Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, or by Civil Bill in a Court of proper Jurisdiction, where the Amount of the Sum to be recovered shall be within the Jurisdiction of such Civil Bill Court.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make void or defeat any Contract for or Sale of Tobacco made bona jidc under any Execution or Commission of Bankruptcy against the Owner of such Tobacco.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to fell manufactured Tobacco or Snuff by Retail, which shall have been granted before the Commencement of this Act, shall expire on, and be no longer in force than until the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the Commencement of this Act; and every such Licence which shall be granted after the Commencement of this Act shall be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the Date of such Licence, and no longer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco Stalks, whether manufactured or unmanufactured, or Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff-work, shall be imported or brought into Ireland from any other Place than America, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of this Act, nor from any rort or Place in America at any time after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Commencement of this Act, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat whatever, on Pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour and Snuff-work respectively, with the Hogshe'acts, Calks, Chests, Cases and other Packages respectively containing the fame; and also the Ship, Vessel or Boat, in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; and such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff-work, Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cases and other Packages respectively, and also such Ship, Vessel or Boat, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, that in cale any Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff-work, shall at any time after the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month or Three Calendar Months respectively, and before the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be imported into Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer thereof to land and warehouse the fame for Exportation only, subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland may think fit to make, order and direct in that Behalf.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks, by this Act granted and allowed, and made payable, and all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raffed, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered, and applied and allowed, in the same manner, and under

such

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 58, 59, 60.

such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and under such Rules and Directions, and subject to fufch Regulations and Provisions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties and Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable -upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco, save and except so far as the same are inconsistent with the Regulations ana Provisions in this Act contained; or in and by an Act made in the Forty Gxth Years of His present Majesty 'b Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purport's, as if the said Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Regulations and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, save as aforesaid, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Expiration of Twenty Days next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for allowing on the Exportation of manufactured Plate for the private Use of Persons residing or going to reside abroad, the fame Drawback as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Plate by way of Merchandize.

[20th May 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Jlamfed VeU 4 lum, Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, certain Duties are imposed on Plate of Gold or Silver which shall be made or wrought in Great Britain, and upon the Exportation thereof by way of Merchandize to Ireland or any Foreign Parts, a Drawback is allowed of the whole Duties which mail have been paid for the same: And whereas the greater Part of British manufactured Plate exported is intended for the private Use of Persons residing or going to reside abroad; and it may have a very injurious Effect in regard to the Export Trade of 2?r«7^-manufactured Plate if a Drawback is not allowed thereon in the same manner as for Plate exported by way of Merchandize Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Drawback granted by the said recited Act upon Plate exported by way of Merchandize shall be paid and allowed to the Manufacturer or Exporter of all manufactured Plate, whether intended as Merchandize or not, provided Proof be adduced to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs that such Plate is new Plate, and has never been used; and such Drawback shall be allowed under the same Rules, Regulations, Reitric-tions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are now by Law provided ana enacted with respect to Plate made or wrought in Great Britain, and exported by way of Merchandize.

CAP. LX.

An Act for altering the Mode of Payment of the Superannuation Allowances in the Department of the Customs in Scotland.

[20th May 1812.]

WHEREAS Two Funds have long been established under the Management of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, for the Benefit of aged and infirm or disabled Officers of that«Department, the one called 41 The established Superannuation Fundi9 and the other called The incidental«Superannuation Fund f* which Funds have been supported by the Contributions of the Officers of the said Revenue: And whereas the granting and paying Allowance or Compensations in the Nature of Super-« annuation or retired Allowance or Reward to Persons in respect to their having held any public Office or«Employment or been engaged in any public Service, is regulated and controuled by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to direS that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries,

Pensions and Allowances shall be annually laid before Parliament, and to regulate and controul the an

paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances (a); and it being expedient that the said Two Funds Should be abolished, and that the Monies constituting the fame, whether inverted in the Public Funds or remaining in thd Hands of any Person whomsoever, as Monies received from Contributions to the said Funds or otherwise on account thereof, Should be carried to the Account of Consolidated Customs, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under that Head 5 and that all Payments, Pensions and Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons in respect of their having held any Office or Employment in the*Customs in Scotland Should in future be paid out of Consolidated Customs, and be charged to the Account

4 of

781

14 & 15 Car. 2.

(I.) Sess. 4. c. 8. 37 O.3.

46 G. 3.C. 106.

Appeal

AS. altered, &c.

Commencemetr of A«.

44 G. 3. c. 9*. Sch. C.

Drawback granted by recited Act allowed on Exportation whether intended as Merchandize or not.

Superannuation Funds of Cul-toms in Scotland aHolished, and M < nies thereof and future Contributions paid to Receiver General, who il»nll pay fame into £xthequen»nder Head of Coufo-lidated Customi.

Act altered, &c.

A Duty of $ % . 8d. per Gallon paid for Spirits diddled from Sugar, itistead of Duty granted by

48 G. 3. c. 78. and

49 G. 3. c. 73.

Drawback.

How Duty and Drawback levied and paid.

48 G. 3-c-t8. 48 G.3C.IJ1.

After whit Rite Officer to charge Diffdltr for Decrealc of Wash.

C. 60, 61. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

4 of Incidents of that Department; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, ro Contribution or Subscription shall be taken or received from any Officer or Person in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, on account or towards the Support of the said Funds; and that, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Funds shall be abolished; and that all Monies that have been received as Contributions to the said Funds or otherwise on account thereof, and which Monies have been either vested in the Purchase of Stock (landing in the Books of the Bank of England in the Names of Edward Earl, Richard EUiston Philips and Henry Vcitchy Esquires, Trustees of the Superannuated Officers of the Customs in Scotian /, »1* remain in the Hands of any Persons or Person whatever, shall be paid over to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland or to his Order, and by him, or such Persons as he shall appoint, paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Head of Consolidated Customs, for which Purpose the said Trustees are hereby authorized and required to fell the said Stock; and that all Monies that shall or may have been received or may hereafter be received by any Person or Persons whatever as such Contributions or otherwise on account of the said Funds, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come into the Hands of any such Person or Persons, shall be paid to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, and by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, under the Head of Consolidated Customs; and that all Payments, Pensions and Superannuations or retired Allowances to Persons in respect to their having held any Office or Offices or Employment or Employments in the Customs in Scotland, heretofore paid out of the said Funds or charged on the King's Share of Seizures, ffiaH be paid out of Consolidated Customs; and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Customs; any Law, Custom or Ufa.ce to the contrary notwithstanding. (a) [This is not an Act of the last Session, hut appears to be 50 G.3. r. 117. which is

explained and amended in a particular to which thepreftnt A3 does not relate by an A3y 51 G.3- r.6o.]

II. And be it further evaded, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirit made or diddled from Sugar in Ire!andy during the

Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable

ihercoa, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof.

[9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland is prohibited by Law for a limited time Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That during the time in which the Distillation from Corn or Grain in Ireland shall be so prohibited, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters or Spirits, which at any time or times during such Prohibition shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Sugar, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for which any Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable by Law, the Sum of Three Shillings and Eight pence British Currency, and no more, in lieu as well of the Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Eleven pence Halfpenny British Currency, granted on such Spirits by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Mall made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or disiilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof; as also of the Duty on such Spirits in Proportion to their Strength, granted by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and upon British Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities not less than Two Gallons; and that for every Gallon of such Spirits which shall have been or shall be distilled during such Prohibition as aforesaid, and which shall at any time hereafter be exported from Ireland to any Place except to Great Britain, and which shall not be exported from Warclioufe in Ireland, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Five Shillings and Ten pence British Currency, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duty and Drawback by this Act made payable and allowable shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and allowed in like manner, and under all such Powers, Authorities and Provisions, Rules and Regulations, as are contained in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year, with respect to the Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits distilled from Sugar, granted, allowed and made payable under and by virtue of the said recited Act, or in an Act made in the said Forty eighth Year, intituled An Act to amend the J'several A8sfor the regulating and securing the Colte8ion of the Duty on Spirits disiilled in Ireland, or in any other Act. in force for the granting, securing or regulating of Duties on Spirits in Ireland\ as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the several Powers, Authorities and Provisions, Rules and Regulations of the said Acts had been and where repeated and re-enacted in this present Act, save only so far as the same are altered by this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Officer of Excise keeping an Account of Wash in the Distillery of any Distiller in Ireland shall, on any Dccrcafe of Waffi produced from Sugar, charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits calculated after the Rate of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Waffi so decreased, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Waffi; any Rung in any Act or Acts at any time in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 6r, 62, 63.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the Prohibition of Distillation from Corr\ or Grain in Ireland, it shall not be lawful for any Person to export or to enter or ship for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Parts beyond the Seae any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland from Sugar, except such Spirits as shall have been or shall be secured in Warehouses in Ireland, without Payment of the Duty of Excise payable in Ireland thereon, according to the Regulation of the several Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, for regulating the making, diddling and warehousing of such Spirits in Ireland, and that all such Spirits shall be entered and shipped for Exportation from Ireland directly from and out of such Warehouses only; and in case any such Spirits shall during the Continuance of such Prohibition he exported, or shall be entered or shipped for Exportation from any Port or Place in Ireland, other than such Spirits as are hereby permitted to be so exported, or in any other manner than is hereby directed, such Spirits so unlawfully exported or entered or shipped for Exportation, together with the Calks or Packages containing the fame, and also the Ships, Boats or Vessels on board of which the same shall be laden or exported, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Cudoms or Excise; any Act or Acts, Usage or Cudom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That for and upon every Gallon of such Spirits distilled in Ireland from Sugar, and which shall be warehoused in Ireland and exported from thence, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback of Two Shillings and Two pence British Currency, and no more; which said Drawback shall be in lieu and in dead of all former Drawbacks on such Spirits so warehoused and exported, and shall be paid in like manner and under the like Restrictions as are directed with respect to other Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. L XII.

An Act to enable Coadjutors to Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland to execute the Powers of Arch-bishops and Bishops respectively; [9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS in cases of the Illness or other Disability of Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland, it has been and may be necessary that Coadjutors to such Archbishops or Bishops respectively should be appointed: And whereas several Authorities, Jurisdictions and Powers, are by several Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, and otherwise vested, settled and placed in the several Archbishops and Bishops of Ireland respectively for the time being, and by the Charter of the College of the Holy and Undivided ' Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being is appointed One of the Visitors of the said College : Now, for the preventing of all Doubts and Questions that may arise whether all or any of those Authorities, Jurisdictions and Powers may be executed by such Coadjutors, be it enacted and declared, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person appointed or who shall or may be appointed Coadjutor for the Time being, to any Archbishop or Bishop in Ireland, may use and exercise at all times according to the Commission of such Coadjutor as of right belonging to the Bishop or Archbishop for the time being to whom he shall be Coadjutor, all and every the fame and like Office, Authority, Jurisdiction and Execution of Laws and Statutes, and, all other Cudoms and Privileges, and shall and may do and perform all such Matters and Things whatsoever, which the Archbishop or Bishop for the time being to whom he shall be Coadjutor of right might have, use or execute, do or perform as belonging to his Office or Dignity, or is empowered or required to do or perform by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, or by the said Charter and the Statutes of the said College or otherwise howsoever, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Coadjutor for the time being were Archbishop or Bishop; and all Office, Authority and Jurisdiction exercised by such Coadjutor, and ?11 Matters and Things done and performed by such Coadjutor in the Exercise thereof, shall be as good, valid and efiVftual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been exercised, clone or performed by the Archbishop or Bishop for the time being to whom he shall so be Coadjutor as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conflruod to extend to entitle, authorize or empower any such Coadjutor to collate or present to' any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Preferment or Promotion, in Right of the Archbishop or Bishop to whom he shall be such Coadjutor; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend nor be construed to extend to affect any Rights, Authorities, Privileges or Powers, which by Law devolve to or become vested in His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in any other Person or Persons in case of the Illness or other Disability of any Archbishop or Bishop respectively; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXm.

An Act for more efTcftually preventing the Embezzlement of Securities for Money and other EiFcfts, left or deposited for safe Custody, or other special Purpose, in the Hands of Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies or other Agents.

[9th June 1812.]

*WJ PIE REAS it is expedient that due Provision should be made to prevent the Embezzlement of Government and other Securities for Money, Plate, Jewels and other Personal Effects, deposited

for

783

Spirits not exported unless previously secured in Ware-house, &c.

[Penalty.]

Drawback allowed on Exportation.

A £1 altered, &c.

Coadjutors may execute Powers of Archbishops and Bishops for whom they.are appointed.

But not to present to Benefices.

784 C-&3.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Persons subject to Punishment, for Embezzlement of any Deed, or other Security for

for safe Custody, or for any special Purpose, with Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies and othe

Agents, entrusted by their Customers and Employers 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons with whom (as Banker or Bankers, Merchant or Merchants, Broker or Brokers, Attorney or Attornies, or Agent or Agents of any Description whatsoever) any Ordnance Debenture, Exchequer Bill, Navy, Vi&nalling or Transport Bill, or other Bill, Warrant or Order for the Payment of Money, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seamen's Ticket, Bank Receipt for Payment of any Loan, India Bond or other Bond, or any

D?cd'Note

or other Security for Money, or for any Share or Interest in any National Stock or Fund of cir are. thig Qr any 0l^er Country, or in the Stock or Fund of any Corporation, Company or Society established by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, or any Power of Attorney for the Sale or Transfer of any such Stock or Fund, or any Share or Interest therein, or any Plate, Jewels or other Personal Effects, shall have been deposited, or shall be or remain for safe Custody, or upon or for any special Purpose without any Authority, either general, ifoecial, conditional or discretionary, to fell or pledge such Debenture, Bill, Warrant, Order, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seamen's Ticket, Bank Receipt, Bond, Deed, Note or other Security, Plate, Jewels or other Personal Effects, or to fell, transfer or pledge the Stock or Fund, or Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund to which such Security or Power of Attorney shall relate, shall fell, negotiate, transfer, assign, pledge, embezzle, secrete or in any manner apply to his or their own Use or Benefit, any such Debenture, Bill, Warrant, Order, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Seamen's Ticket, Bank Receipt, Bond, Deed, Note or other Security, as hereinbefore mentioned, Plate, Jewels or other Personal Effects, or the Stock or Fund, or Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund to which such Security or Power of Attorney shall relate, in violation of good Faith, and contrary to the special Purpose, for which the Things hereinbefore mentioned, or any or either of them, shall have been deposited, or shall have been or remained with or in the Hands of such Person or Persons, with Intent to detraud the Owner or Owners of any such Instrument or Security, or the Person or Persons depositing the fame, or the Owner or Owners of the Stock or Fund, Share or Interest, to which such Security or Power of Attorney shall relate, every Person so offending in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be sentenced to Transportation for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, or to receive such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted on a Person or Persons guilty of a Misdemeanor, and as the Court before which such Offender or Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge.

4 11. And whereas it is usual for Persons having Dealings with Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies and other Agents, to deposit or place in the Hands of such Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies and

other Agents, Sums of Money, Bills, Notes, Drafts, Cheques or Orders for the Payment of Money, with Directions or Orders to invest the Monies so paid, or to which such Bills, Notes, Drafts, Cheques or Orders relate, or Part thereof, in the Purchase of Stocks or Funds, or in or upon Government or other Securities for Money, or to apply and dispose thereof in other ways or for other Purposes 5 and it is exdient to prevent Embezzlement and Malversation in such Cases also* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Banker, Merchant, Broker, Attorney or other Agent, in whose Hands any Sum or Sums of Money, Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque or Order for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money shall be placed, with any Order or Orders in Writing, and signed by the Party or Parties who shall so deposit or place the fame, to invest such Sum or Sums of Money or the Money to which such Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque or Order as aforesaid shall relate, in the Purchase of any Stock or Fund, or in or upon Government or other Securities, or in any other way or for any other Purpose specified in such Order or Orders, shall in any manner apply to his or their own Use and Benefit, any such Sum or Sums of Money, or [any such Bill, Note, Draft, Cheque or Older for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as hereinbefore mentioned, in Violation of good Faith and contrary to the special Purpose specified in the Direction or Order in Writing hereinbefore mentioned, with Intent to defraud the Owner or Owners of any such Sum or Sums of Money, or Order for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money 5 every Person so offending in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall in like manner be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Punishment as hereinbefore mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained vent Persons re- shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any of the Persons hereinbefore mentioned from receiving ceiving Money any Money which shall be or become actually due and payable upon or by virtue of any of the Instruments or dueonSecurities. Securities hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Tender and Effect thereof, in such manner at he or they

might have done, if this Act had not been made

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty by this Act annexed to the CommifGon of any Offence intended to be guarded against by this Act, shall not extend or be construed to extend to any Partner or Partners, or other Person or Persons of or belonging to any Partnership, Society or Firm, except only such Partner or Partners, Person or Persons, as shall actually commit or be accessary or privy to the Commission of such Offence 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

__________7 V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

Remedy at Law tained, nor any Proceeding, Conviction or Judgment to be had or taken thereupon, shall hinder, prevent, or Equity re- lessen or impeach any Remedy at Law or in Equity, which any Party or Parties aggrieved by any Offence

gaiding Party against this Act might ot would have had, or nave been entitled to if this Act had not been made, nor any

12 Proceeding

For preventing Bankers and others, from disposing for their own Use of Property deposited with them.

Act not to pre-

Not to extend to Partners m.t being privy to Offence.

Not to lessen any

aggrieved.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 63, 64. 785

Proceeding, Con vision or Judgment had been had or taken thereupon; but nevertheless the Conviction of any Offender against this Act shall not be received in Evidence in any Action at Law, or Suit in Equity, against such Offender; and further, that no Person shall be liable to be convicted by any Evidence whatever, as an Offender against this Act, in respect of any Act, Matter or Thing done by him, if he shall at any time previously to his being indicted for such Offence, have disclosed such Act, Matter or Thing on Oath, under or in consequence of any compulsory Process of any Court of Law or Equity, in any Action, Suit or Proceeding, in or to which he shall have been a Party, and which shall have been bona fide instituted by the Party aggrieved by the Act, Matter or Thing, which shall have been committed by such Offender aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained Nottoiffeft shall extend to or affect any Person or Persons being a Trustee or Trustees in or under any Marriage Settle- jl5uftees or ment. Will or other Deed or Instrument, or being a Mortgagee or Mortgagees of any Property whatsoever, 0 whether Real or Personal, in respect of any Act or Acts done by any such Person or Persons in relation to the Property comprized in or affected by any such Trust or Mortgage as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who shall commit in Scotland any Offence Pimi(hment of against this Act, which by the Provisions thereof is constituted a Misdemeanor, shall be liable to be punished Persons offend-by Fine and imprisonment, or by either of them, or by Traimportation for any Term not exceeding Fourteen , n*, n Scotland* Years, as the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender shall be tried and convicted may direct.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain Act not to ref*

any Banker, Merchant, Broker, Attorney or other Agent, from felling, negociating, transferring or other- train Banker* wife disposing of any Securities, Property or other Effects as aforesaid, in their Custody or Possemon, upon from di/posing of

which they shall have any Lien, Claim or Demand, which by Law entitles them to sell or dispose thereof, ^he°hare

unless such Sale, Transfer or other Disposal shall extend to a greater Number or to a greater Part of such*

Securities, Property or other Effects as aforesaid than shall be requisite or necessary for the Purpose of paying

or satisfying such Lien, Claim or Demand j any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act: for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, against Persons obtaining Money by false Pretences, to Persons so obtaining Bonds and other Securities.

[9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the 3oG.».e.*4*

more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences, for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods, for the easy Redemption of Goods fawned, and for preventing of Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen Labourers, Servants and Apprentices,

4 it was enacted, That all Persons who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, should 5

obtain from any Person or Persons, Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Person or Persons of the fame, or should knowingly fend or deliver any Letter or Writing with or without a Name or Names subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious Name or Names, Letter or Letters threatening to accuse any Person of any Crime punishable by Law with Death, Transportation,

Pillory, or any other infamous Punishment, with a View or Intent to extort or gain Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, from the Person or Persons so threatened to be accused; . should be deemed Offenders against Law and the public Peace; and the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders should be tried,

should, in case he, me or they should be convicted of any of the said Offences, order such Offender or Offenders to be fined and imprisoned, or to be put in the Pillory, or publicly whipped, or to be transported as soon as conveniently might be according to the Laws made for Transportation of Felons, to some of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court in which any such Offender or Offenders should be convicted should think fit and <*rder: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be further extended in the manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Obtaining by from and after the pulling of this Act, all Persons who knowingly and designedly, by false Pretence or MCe Pretences Pretences, shall obtain from any Person or Persons, or from any Body Politic or Corporate, any Money, or

Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any Bond, Bill of Exchange, Bank Note, Promissory Note or other ecurmcs* Security for the Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for the Payment of Money or Delivery or Transfer of Goods or other valuable Thing, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Person or Persons, or any Body Politic or Corporate of the fame; or shall knowingly fend or deliver any Letter or Writing with or Sending thres#-without a Name or Names subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious Name or Names, Letter or Letters ening Letter* to threatening to accuse any Person of any Crime punishable by Law with Death, Transportation, Pillory or any accuse Person* other infamous Punishment, with a View or Intent to extort or gain any Bond, Bill of Exchange, Bank Note,

Promissory Note or other Security for the Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for the Payment of w-itll an iment Money, or Delivery or Transfer of Goods or other valuable Thing, shall be deemed Offenders against Law and to extort or gai« the Public Peace, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and punished in like manner as if they nad knowingly Money or and designedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, obtained Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, from any Goods.

Person or Persons, with Intent to cheat or defraud any Person or Persons of the fame, or had sent or delivered such Letter or Writing with a View or Intent to extort Money, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, from the Person or Persons so threatened.

52 Geo. III. 5 1 CAP.

786 C. 65, 66.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Sugar used in brewing of Beer or Ale till Nov. 1, 1812, on certain Conditions*

Notice given to Excise Officer.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, may permit Brown or Muscovado Sugar to b« tiled rill 40 Djys .ifter next Meeting of Parliament*

Restrictiotn at to Ule of Sugar.

[Penalty.]

Penalties bow levied.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to allow the Use of Sugar in Brewing Beer in Great Britain.

[9th June 18 f 2/]

WHEREAS by several Acts now in force Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale are prohibited from using Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale, and it is expedient to allow the Use of

Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale for a limited time Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale in Great Britain, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to make use of Sugar in the brewing or making of any Guile or Brewing of Beer, Ale or Worts; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to allow any Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale to make use of any Molasses in the brewing or making of Beer or Ale, or any Sugar, except in the State in which the same shall have been imported into this Kingdom, and without the fame having been previously diluted with Water or other Liquor, or undergone any Process or Manufacture to alter the fame: Provided also, that no such Brewer or Retailer, or Brewers or Retailers, shall be at Liberty or be allowed or permitted to make use of any Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worts, unless he, she or they shall have given to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she or they shall he then, Twenty-four Hours previous Notice of his or their Intention so to make use of such Sugar, and specifying in such Notice the exact Hour and Time of his, her or their beginning to brew or make such Guile or Brewing of Beer, Ale or Worts, and the Weight of the Sugar to be made use of in the brewing or making of such Guile.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty, at any time after the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be for the Benefit and Advantage of His Kingdom to permit Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer or Ale to make use of Brown or Muscovado Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worts, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to be publishqd from time to time in the London Gazette, to permit and suffer ail Common Brewers and Retailers of Beer, Ale or Worts in Great Britain (but not any particular Common Brewers or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Worts), at any time or times, not less than Thirty Days from the Date of such Proclamation or Order in Council, to make use of Brown or Muscovado Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, Ale or Worts, until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures contained and provided in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Common Brewer or Retailer of Beer or Ale shall, during the time that this Act shall remain or continue in force, make use of any Molasses, Sugar, Honey, Syrup, Composition or Extract of Sugar, except Brown or Muscovado Sugar, made use of in the manner hereinbefore allowed 5 or if any Common Brewer shall receive or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Quantity of Molasses, Honey, .Syrup, Composition or Extract of Sugar, exceeding Ten Pounds Weight, every such Brewer and Retailer shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence respectively the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Law9 of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successi^s, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover of sue for the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices in respect of which Security ought to be given, and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices in the Event of such Security not being given within a time to be limited after the Grant of such Offices. , [9th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act to

regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices in respect of which Security ought to be given, and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices in the Event of such Security not being given within a Time to be limited

after the Grant of such Offices: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said recited Act to Scotland; and some of the Enadments of the said Act require to be amended: And whereas considerable Expence and Inconvenience ha9 been found to attend the registering Memorials of Securities in the Register Office of Middlesex, and such Expence and Inconvenience will be avoided, and the Purposes of the said ' Ad more effectually carried into Execution, if the Register and Account of the Securities given in the several public Offices or Departments of Government are kept by Persons employed for that Purpose in each respective Office or Department, and the State thereof from time to time reported to the respective

Heads of Departments, and to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury \9 Be it therefore

3 enacted

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 66.

enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advicd and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Provisions contained in the said recited Act relative to registering Securities, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, and also the Provisions of this Act, shall extend and be construed to extend to Scotland, and to all Offices, Departments and Persons of the like Nature and Description belonging to the Government of Scotland, as are subject thereto in England.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Offices or Departments belonging to the Government of Ireland, nor to any Persons holding or employed in such Offices or Departments, for or in respect of such Offices or Departments; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who before the passing of this Act shall have been appointed to, and shall hold any Office or Employment, or Commission Civil or Military, in any Public Department belonging to that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or any such Office or Employment of Public Trull under the Crown, or wherein he shall be concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Disbursement or Expenditure of Public Monies, and who by reason thereof, shall have been, or shall be required to give Security with Surety or Sureties or otherwise, and who shall not before have given such Security, shall, within One Month after the passing of this Act, if such Person shall then be in Scotland, within Two Months if he shall then be in England or Wales, or within Three Months if he shall then be in Ireland, or within Six Months if he shall then be in any other Part of Europe, or in the West Indies or America, or within Nine Months if he shall then be in Africa, or within Eighteen Months if he shall then be in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Asia, or within Ten Months if he shall then be on the High Seas (unless he shall sooner arrive in England, Wales, or Scotland or Ireland, and then within Three Months after such Arrival) give and execute and enter into a Bond or Bonds, or other Security or Securities in such Sum of Money and with such sufficient Surety or Sureties, as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or by the principal Officer or Officers of the Office or Department to which he belongs, for the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him, and for the duly accounting for all the Public Monies entrusted to him or placed under his Controul.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires Memorials of Securities given by any public Officers to be made out and registered with the Register of the County of Middlesex, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in every Public Office or Department, the Officers or Persons belonging to which are required to give Security in manner directed by the said recited Act or by this Act, some Person or Persons belonging to such Office or Department shall be appointed and authorized and required by the Person or Persons having the Power, Direction and Controul over such Office or Department, to keep and register the Securities relating to the Office or Department to which he shall belong, and from time to time to report the State thereof in manner directed by this Act; and all such Securities as aforesaid shall be delivered to such Person or Persons, to be registered under this Act, within such Periods (except where otherwise prescribed by this Act) and under and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures in case of Neglect or Omission to deliver such Securities, as are prescribed in the said recited Act with respect to registering Memorials with the said Register of Middlesex.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Person so to be appointed or to be employed to keep and register the Securities given or required to be given by Persons employed in or belonging to each respective Public Office or Department, shall immediately after the passing of this Act keep a Book of Entry of all Securities given in such Office, and shall in the First Place enter therein all Securities of Persons belonging to such Office which have been already registered in the Office of the Register of the County of Middlesex, and shall thereafter from time to time enter therein all such Securities, and also all Deaths of Sureties, and all Omissions or Negleds in giving Securities or in supplying the Places of any Sureties, and all other Particulars necessary to shew the actual State of the Securities in such respective Office or Department; and shall within Three Months after the passing of this Act, and thereafter once in each Year between the Fifth Day of January and the Twenty fifth Day of March lay an Account of the State of the Securities in such Department at the time of the making out such Account, together with an Abstract thereof, before the Commissioners or other Head Officer or Officers of the Office or Department to which the Securities shall relate, or in which the same are taken 5 and such Abstract shall within One Month after the said Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, of Great Britain, with a Minute in each case of any Orders which may have been given by the respective Commissioners or other Head Officer or Officers aforesaid, in relation to any Omissions or Negleds as to such Securities, or the keeping the Account thereof, and of what may have been done upon any such Orders.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have already registered a Memorial of any Security with the Register of Middlesex, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be required to register the fame Security with the Officer or Person appointed or employed to keep Securities under the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person as aforesaid, who shall have given any Bond or Bonds or other Security or Securities, with Surety or Sureties, for the due Execution of the Trust reposed in him, or for the duly accounting for Public Monies coming to his Hands, shall give Notice in Writing to the Head of the Office or Department to which he shall belong, of the Death or Bankruptcy of any Surety or Sureties or Person or Persons bound for or with him in any such Security or Securities, within Four Calendar Months after the same shall have come to his Knowledge, if he shall reude or be in Great Britain ox Ireland,

j I a and

787

Provisions of recited Act and this Act extended tv Scotland;

But not to extend to Ireland.

Persons already appointed to give Security,

50G. 3. C. 85.

as to registering Memorials repealed.

An Officer in every Department to keep Securities.

Such Officer to lay Accounts before Heads of Departments, See. annually

Persons who have already registered not required to register again/

Notice of Death or Bankruptcy of Sureties given.

788

C. 66.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Heads of Departments may allow further time for giving Securities.

and if he shall be then on the High Seas then within Four Calendar Months after his Arrival in Great Britain or Ireland, or within Twelve Calendar Months if he shall then be in any Parts beyond the Seas, except in the East Indies or Parts beyond the Cape of Good Hope, and within Eighteen Months if he shall be in the East Indies or in any Parts beyond the Case of Good Hope, unless he shalllooner arrive in Great Britain or Ireland, and then within Four Months after nich Arrival 5 and every such Person who shall neglect to give such Notice within such Period as aforesaid, shall forfeit One Fourth Part of the Sum for which the Surety so dead or become Bankrupt shall have given Security, to the Use of His Majesty, to be recovered, if such Neglect shall relate to any such Office or Employment in England\ in any of the Courts at Westminster % by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General; and if such Office or Employment be in Scotland, then to be recovered there in the Court of Session or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Advocate 5 and every, such Person who shall upon the Death or Bankruptcy of any Surety neglect to give the Security of another Surety, to be approved in such Manner as such Surety dying or becoming Bankrupt was approved, within such Period from his having given Notice of the Death or Bankruptcy of the former Surety, as is by the said Act and this Act limited for giving and registering the original Security, the fame Regard being had to the Place in which such Person may then be, mall forfeit his Appointment, Office, Employment or Commission, in like manner and under and subject to the Provisions in the said recited Act contained for extending such Periods and giving Relief in the cases in the said recited Act and this Act specified.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Persons or Person being at the Head of and having the Chief Management and Direction of the Public Department in which such Office or Place shall be, or to such Number of the Commissioners or Persons at the Head of such Public Department as by the Law, Usage or Custom of such Department are authorized or empowered to make any Order relating to the public Business of such Department, to whom respectively Notice shall have been given of the Death of any such Surety, that the Period limited by this Act for giving the Security for such new Surety is, in consequence of particular Accidents, Casualties or Circumstances, inefficient, or that by reason of the Distance, or Loss of Letters, or illness, or the Refusal of any Surety to give the Security, or of such Surety being not deemed eligible, and being rejected, or any other Accident or Casualty, that further time will be necessary to enable the Security of such new Surety to be given, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Commissioners as aforesaid, or Person or Persons so at the Head of any Public Department as aforesaid, to allow such further Period for giving the Security of such new Surety as shall appear to be reasonable and proper; provided that such extended Period shall in no case exceed Twelve Months beyond the Period allowed by.this Act; provided also, that the precise Period proposed to be allowed, together with the special Grounds for allowing the fame, shall be either entered in the Book in which the original Security shall have been registered, or indorsed on the Back of the original Bond or other Deed or Security itself; and the Person required \o give the Security of such new Surety shall not be subject to any Forfeiture or Penalty for not giving the fame within the time limited by this Act, if he gives it within such extended Period so allowed as aforesaid.

His Majesty em- X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to remit any

powered to remit Forfeiture or Penalty, in any case in which the Failure of giving any Security, or registering any Memorial Forfeitures. or Security under the said recited Act, or the Delivery of any Security to the proper Officer or Person to be registered under this Act, shall not have arisen from any wilful neglect of the Person bound to give such Security or register such Memorial, or deliver such Security.

XI. And whereas it has been the Practice in some of the Public Offices in Scotland to take Bonds or

Securities from Persons holding Offices there, according to the Forms of the Law of Scotland, whereby

Property Real and Personal can, if necessary, be speedily and effectually attached; and which Practice

has been found expedient in several Instances Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to take Bonds and Securities, to be granted by Persons holding Public Offices in Scotland, according to the Forms observed in Scotland or hitherto adopted, or according to the Forms observed in England, as it shall be deemed moil expedient; and also to prosecute, sue for and recover upon the Bonds already granted or to be granted, according to the Forms observed in the Law of Scotland, or according to the Forms observed in the Law of England, either in the Court of Session or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and according to the Process and Diligence used in these respective Courts, as shall appear best calculated in the circumstances of the case to obtain the speedy and effectual Recovery of the Public Money.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend to the Bonds or other Securities of any Receiver General of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes, or of their Sureties, but the same shall continue to be taken under the Authority of Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by the King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, and to be recorded in his Office in like manner as they have heretofore been.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Securities of the Principal and Sureties are executed at different times, whether the same are taken in one and the fame Bond, Deed or other instrument, or in different ones, the Period limited for registering such Securities shall be estimated from the time of the Execution thereof by the Person who shall have been the last to execute any such Bond, Deed or other instrument.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Neglect, Omission or Irregularity, in giving or renewing the Bonds or other Securities, or registering the fame within the Periods, or in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act or this Act, shall be construed to have vacated or made void, or to'vacate or

make

Bonds in Scotland taken according to Form of Law of Scotland or of England.

Acts not to extend to Bonds < Receiver General of Assessed Taxes.

Period for Registry of Securities estimated from time of Execution by last Person.

No Irregularity to avcid Securities.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 66, 67. 789

make void any such Bond or other Security, or to have discharged or to discharge any Surety from the Obligations of any such Bond or Security.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Deeds, Bonds or other Securities required to be Deeds registered registered shall be registered by the proper Officer, notwithstanding the Period prescribed for registerine the same shall have expired 5 but no such registering of any such Deed, Bond or other instrument, shall be av*" deemed or'construed to waive any Forfeiture or Penalty, or to exempt the Person on whose Behalf the fame p shall have been registered from any Forfeiture or Penalty under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act.

XVI. And whereas divers Persons, who by reason of their Appointments to or holding certain Offices or Employments, or Commissions Civil or Military, in any Public Department or of Public Trust, or who by reason of being concerned in the Collection, Receipt, Disbursement or Expenditure of any Public Money or otherwise, are or may be required or bound under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid, to give any such Security or to register any such Memorial as is mentioned in that 500.3.0.85.

Act, or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety, or upon the Death of any such Surety to give Security of another Surety, and to register a Memorial of the Security of such new Surety, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted or may omit to give such Securities, and to cause such Memorials thereof to be duly registered, or to give Notice of the Death of any Surety as aforesaid within such time and in such manner as in and by the said Act is required 5 whereby they have incurred or may be in Danger of incurring divers Penalties and Disabilities: And whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to 51 4 give Securities and to register Memorials thereof under an Act of the last Session of Parliament> and for extending the Times limited for those Purtofes respectively until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; and the said last recited Act has expired, and it is necessary that further Indemnity should be given to Persons who shall comply with the Provisions of the said Act and this Act within limited Periods; Be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing'of this Indemnification Act, hath or have omitted to give such Security, and to cause such Memorial thereof to be duly registered in for Persons omit-such manner as in and by the said recited Act is required, or to give Notice of the Death of any such Surety as Unties!* aforesaid, and who after being appointed to, and accepting any such Office, Place or Employment, or undertaking any thing on account of which such Security ought to have been or ought to be given, and such Memorial thereof registered, at any time before the passing of this Act, or who at any time before the Expiration of Two Months from the passing of this Act shall give such Security and deliver the same as required by this Act, or give such Notice as aforesaid in such manner as is appointed by this Act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission of giving any such Security, or registering any such Memorial, or giving any such Notice, according to the above mentioned Act; and such Person and Persons is and are and shall be fully rettored to the same State and Condition as he, she or they were in before such Neglect or Omission; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and shall be of the fame Force and Validity as the fame or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had given such Security and registered such Memorial, or given such Notice, according to the Directions of the said Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Securities shall and may be given and Securities redelivered to and registered by the fame Officers and Persons, in the same manner and under the like Rules, S!ftered* Regulations and Provisions, and within the extended Periods allowed by this Act for the giving or registering Securities, and shall in such case be as valid and effectual as if such Securities had been given and registered

within the respective Periods limited for those Purposes in the said recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, GeneralIflue. shall from and after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on or prosecuted against any Person or Persons

hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture,

Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence, give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for settling and securing certain Annuites on the Widow and eldest Son of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of his other Children.

[pth June 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to declare, that Your Majesty being deeply impressed with the severe Loss which Your Majesty and the Country have sustained in consequence of the Murder of the Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and being desirous of marking Your Sense of his public and private Virtues, and of affording Relief and Assistance to his numerous and afflicted Family, recommended to Your faithful Commons to enable Your Majesty to make Provision for his Widow and Family; Now We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty*8 most gracious Intention, dp most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual

79» C. 6y.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Annuity of 2, ooooL and of X , oocl. granted to Widow and eldest Son, &c.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and One other Annuity or Yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be respectively issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payment* which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund, and the fame Annuities or yearly Sums shall from time to time be paid free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, except the Property Tax, in manner and form following; thatfis to say, the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds to the Honourable Jane Perceval, the Widow of the said late Right Honurable Spencer Perceval, for and during the natural Life of the said Jane Perceval, and from and after her Decease unto or for the Benefit of such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, as shall be the Heir Male of the Body of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval at the time of the Decease of the said Honourable Jane Perceval, for and during the Term of the natural Life of such Son or Grandson, and until the fame Annuity shall so by the Decease of the said Honourable Jane Perceval devolve upon such Son or Grandson, the said Annuity of One thousand Pounds shall be paid and applied to or for the Benefit of the Son or Grandson of the fame late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, who shall be for the time being the Heir Male of the Body of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, for and during the joint natural Life or Lives of such Son or Grandson, as the case may be, and of the said Honourable Jane Perceval; which said Annuities or yearly Sums shall respectively commence and take Effect from the Eleventh Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve $ the First quarterly Payment of each of the said Annuities or yearly Sums to be computed and made rateably from the said Eleventh Day of May to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence the fame Annuities or yearly Sums shall be payable quarterly on the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Tenth Day of 0Sober, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every Year* together with a rateable Payment of each of the said Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, to be computed from the last quarterly Payment before the Death until the Day of the Death of, and on such Death to be paid to the Executors, Administrators or Assigns of the Person to whom or for whose Benefit the said Annuities or yearly Sums shall be respectively payable.

DuringMinority

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until the Son or Grandson who shall be entitled as of Son, Annuity aforesaid, for the time being to such Annuity of One thousand Pounds, or Two thousand Pounds as aforesaid, paid to Trustees. ag case may^fllaU attain the Age of Twenty one Years, the said Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, so long as the same shall be payable, and the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds in case the said Honourable Jane Perceval shall die before the Son or Grandson entitled at the time of her Death shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, shall be paid to and received by the Trustees appointed by or under this Act, in relation to the , Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds herein after mentioned; and the Acquittance or Receipt of such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, of whom the Speaker of the House of Commons, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, shall be One, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of either of such Annuities or yearly Sums, as the case may be, until such Son or Grandson shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, and the fame Trustees shall apply such Part or Proportion of the Annuity or yearly Sum which shall from time to time be payable for the Benefit of the Son or Grandson entitled to such Annuity as aforesaid, as they may deem proper, in and for or towards the Maintenance and Education or Advancement in Life of the Son or Grandson entitled to such Annuity as aforesaid, and shall lay out and invest the Surplus of such Annuity or yearly Sum in Government Stocks or Public Funds in the Names of such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, for the Use and Benefit of the Son or Grandson entitled to such Annuity, and shall, upon such Son or Grandson attaining the Age of Twenty one Years, transfer the Stocks or Funds so purchased, and all Accumulations which shall have arisen from the Investment of the Income thereof in like Securities unto the Son or Grandson entitled to such Annuity under this Act; and in case of his dying under the Age of Twenty one Years, then do and shall stand possessed of the fame Stocks or Funds and Accumulations in Trust for the Person or Persons, who according to the Statutes for the Distribution of Intestate's Effects, would have been entitled to the clear Residuum of the Personal Estate of such Son or Grandson in case he had died intestate.

50, cool, paid to TII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain

Trustees for Use shall be paid out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hun-

of Children. dred and twelve, free and clear of all Taxes and other Deductions whatsoever, to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer, or the First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being respectively, the said Jane Perceval, Charles George Lord Arden, John Lord Redefdale and Andrevu Berkeley Drummond Esquire, in Trust for the Use of the Children of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and to apply the fame in the manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That until such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be so paid to such Trnf-tees as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the said Trustees from time to time out of the said Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving'sufficient to pay any Sum directed to be paid by former Acts, but with Preference to other Payments, Interest for such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum clear of all Deductions except the Property Tax, and such Interest shall commence and take Effect

from the said Eleventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve; the First Payment of Interest to be computed and made rateably from the said Eleventh Day of May» to the said Fifth Day of July One thousand

Until Payment Is made Interest shall be paid.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 67.

thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence such Interest shall be payable Quarterly on the Tenth Day of 08ober, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in each Year, until such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be so paid as aforesaid, and any Fraction of a Quarterly Payment of such Interest shall be computed and paid to the Day of such Payment of the Principal: Provided always, that it shall be lawful from time to time to advance and pay any Part or Parts of such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds according to and for the Purposes of this Act, without Payment of the Whole thereof 5 and in any such case all Interest for so much of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds as shall be so paid shall cease and be no longer payable from the Day or Days of such Payment \ and the Interest which shall afterwards be paid shall be computed only on so much of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds as shall then remain unpaid, and such Interest shall be paid accordingly.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now and for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and the Lord High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures for paying the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds or any Part or Parts thereof, and also from time to time for paying the said Annuities or yearly Sums of Two thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds respectively, and Interest as aforesaid on the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, as the fame respectively shall from time to time become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof, which said Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Trustees respectively as aforesaid, and also for Payment of the said Annuities or yearly Sums of Two thousand Pounds and One thousand Pounds respectively, and also such Interest as aforesaid to the said Jane Perceval, or such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforesaid, or such Trustees as aforesaid, as the case may be, at the respective Days, and in manner in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof respectively, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and shall not be determined or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve, ) or any of his Heirs or Successor8, or by or upon the Death or Removal of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or the Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, now and for the time being, and the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do without Fee or Reward all such Acts, Matters and Things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Trustees respectively, for the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof, so directed to be paid to them, and of the said Jane Perceval for the said Annuity or yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds, and of such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforesaid, or the said Trustees as aforesaid, for the said Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds or Two thousand Pounds respectively, as the case may require, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and Interest, and Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf, and that the said several Annuities or yearly Sums, and the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof respectively and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxe9, Impositions and other public Charges whatsoever (except the Property Tax), in respect of the said Annuities and Interest 5 and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuities or yearly Sums of Money or either of them, or any Part thereof, or the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or Interest for the fame, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Trustees respectively, and the said Jane Perceval, and such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perfcval as aforesaid, or any of them, to receive the same, then the said Trustees respectively, and the said Jane Perceyal> and such Son or Grandson of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval as aforesaid, may from time to time fne, prosecuteand implead such Officers or any of them so refusing or neglecting, and their Executors and Administrators respectively, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, and their respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds and for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuities or yearly Sums respectively, or any Parts or Part thereof respectively, or for any such Interest as aforesaid as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made, of the Payment of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of the said Annuities or yearly Sums or Interest respectively, or*ny Part thetetff respectively as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to> be done by such Officer or Officers respectively as aforesaid*

IX And.

791

[Proviso.]

Treasury to pafa Warrants for Payment without Fees.

Warrant not revocable.

Treasury and Exchequer requited to do what is necessary without Fee.

Acquittances of Trustees, See. good Discharge,

792 C. 67.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18 r 2.

The 5r, ooooL to be veiled in Trustees for Purposes herein -mentioned.

Provifc,

Manner of In* vestment and Application of the 50, opol. and annual Proceeds under Direction 4>1 Mr&Perceval.

After Death of Mrs. Perceval how Money applied.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall from time to time be invested according to the Directions in this Act contained, shall be vested in the said Trustees upon the Trusts and for the Purposes following; that is to say. Upon Trust, for all and every the Children and Child or such One or more of the Children of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Limitations over for the Benefit of others or other of such Children, as the said Jane Perceval shall from time to time by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing sealed and delivered by her, in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, with or without Power of Revocation or by her last Will and Testament in Writing, or any Codicil signed by her, and published in the Presence of and attested by the like Number of Witnesses, direct or appoint 5 and in Default of such Direction or Appointment, and in the mean time until any such shall be made and subject to any such Direction or Appointment, which shall not be a complete and absolute Disposition of the Whole of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of the Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the same shall be invested, or of the entire Property therein, upon Trust for all and every the Children and Child of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, in equal Shares and Proportions, and to be veiled in Trust in them respectively, on their respectively attaining the Age of Twenty one Years, or marrying, which shall first happen, and whether the same shall happen in the Life-time of the said Jane Perceval or after her Death, but subject to such Powers of Appointment as aforesaid; and if any of the fame Children shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, then the Parts and Shares of such of them as shall so die, shall go over and he paid and transferred to the others or other of such Children, with like Benefit of Accruer, and all accruing Shares shall also go over and be paid in like manner and be veiled in Trusts in such Children respectively, at the fame times as their Original Shares respectively; and if all of such Children shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, except one, then the Whole shall be paid and transferred to such only Child who shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or marry under that Age, and his or her Executors or Administrators; but if all the said Children shall die under the Age of Twenty one Years and unmarried, then the Whole of the said Trust Funds remaining unappointed shall go and be paid to the Survivor of such Children, and his or her Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that in case any such Child shall by virtue of any Appointment to be made by the said Jane Perceval as aforesaid, have received or become entitled to any Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of the Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the fame or any Part thereof shall have been inverted, such Child shall not receive, any Part of the Fund remaining unappointed, until the Shares of the other Children shall be made up equal with the Child in whose Favour any such Appointment shall have been made, unless the said Jane Perceval shall by forae Instrument in Writing so executed and attested as aforesaid, or by her last Will and Testament in Writing or any Codicil also so executed and attested as aforesaid, direct to the contrary.

X. And be it further enacted, That when the said Trustees shall have received the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds or any Part thereof, they shall lay out and invest the fame or so much thereof as shall not be then actually due and payable to any Children or Child of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval under the TrustS aforesaid, either in or upon any Government Stocks or Funds, or at Interest on any Real Securities, in the Names of the said Trustees for the time being, and the said Trustees shall pay and apply the Interest payable by virtue of this Actin respect of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof remaining unpaid, and also the Dividends and Interests and annual Proceeds of the said Stocks, Funds and Securities from time to time in and towards the Maintenance and Education, or for the Benefit of all and every or any of the Children of the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, as the said Jane Perceval shall from time to time by Writing under her Hand direct, and shall also from time to time apply any Part or Proportion of the said Principal Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds when received, or of any Stocks, Funds or Securities wherein the fame or any Part thereof shall be invested for the Advancement 4n Life of any of such respective Children, whether upon Marriage or otherwise, and in such Proportions and to such Amount as to any of such Children, whether Male or Female, as shall by any Instrument in Writing sealed and delivered by the said Honourable Jane Perceval and attested by Two credible Witnesses, be from time to time directed and appointed; and after such Application as aforesaid of such Dividends, Intenefts or annual Proceeds, in case there shall be any Surplus thereof, do and shall lay out and invest the fame in or upon any such other Stocks, Funds and Securities as aforesaid, in the way of Accumulation, and so from time to time during the Life of the said Honourable Jane Perceval, subject nevertheless to such Power of Appointment as aforesaid with respect to the Principal as well as Dividends, Interests or Proceeds as aforesaid, and from and immediately after the Death of the said Jane Perceval, then as to the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall be invested, and also as to all such Accumulations, if any, as last mentioned, or so much of such Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds, Securities and Accumulations as shall not have been before disposed of according to the Trusts aforesaid; in Trust to pay and apply the fame Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds and Securities, (except the Accumulations) according to the Trusts hereinbefore declared concerning the same, and to pay and apply such last mentioned Accumulations according to the Trusts before declared of the said Sunrof Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall be invested.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Death of the said Jane Percevalt in the mean time and until the said Principal Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the Stocks, Funds and Securities wherein the same shall be invested, shall become payable or assignable and transferrable by virtue of the Trusts aforesaid, the Dividends, Interest and annual Produce thereof, or of so much thereof whereof no Direction or Appointment to the contrary shall have been made as aforesaid, or so much and such Part of such Dividends, Interests and annual Produce as the fame Trustees shall deem necessary and expedient, shall be paid and applied by the fame Trustees, in, for and towards the Maintenance and Education of such Child or Children

5 of

793

A.D. 18f2. 52° GEORGII III. C. 67.

of the said late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, whose Share or respective Shares of and in the fame Principal Sum, or Stocks, Funds and Securities shall not then have become payable or assignable and transferrable under the Trails aforesaid, according and in Proportion to their several presumptive Rights and Shares in the lame Principal Sum, Stocks, Funds or Securities, and the Remainder (if any) of such Dividends, Interest and annual Produce shall accumulate for the Benefit of the fame Children according to their presumptive Shares of the Principal from whence such Accumulations shall arise.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the Death of the said Honourable Jane Percevaly in Default of any Direction or Appointment as aforesaid by the said Honourable Jane Perceval to the contrary, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the time being to apply all or any Part of the Share or Shares of any such Child or Children being a Son or Sons, of and in the said Trull Funds, for placing out such Son or Sons in any Profession or Employment, or for his or their Instruction thereinf or for purchasing him or them a Commission or Rank in the Army or othervtfife for his or their Advancement or Benefit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees with the Con fen t and Approbation in Writing of the said Honourable Jane Perceval during her Life, and after her Death at their own Discretion, to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the said Trull Funds, and Securities, and to lay out and invest the Monies arTing therefrom in or upon any other such Government or Real Securities as aforesaid; and in like manner to alter, vary and change such other Government Stocks, Funds and Real Securities for others of the fame or the like Nature, and so- from time to time as often as shall be deemed expedient, subject always nevertheless to the Trulls thereof hereinbefore declared.

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enabled. That upon the Death of any of them the said Charles George Lord Arden, John Lord Redefdale and Andrew Berkeley Drummond Esquire, or of any Person or Persons who shall become a Trustee or Trustees under the Power of Appointment herein contained; and also in case they the said Charles George Lord Arden, John Lord Redefdale and Andrew Berkeley Drummond Esquire, or such new Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed as herein mentioned, or any or either of them, shall desire to be discharged from or decline to ad in the Trulls in and by this Act declared j then and in every such case, and with all convenient Speed after the happening of any such case, the said Jane Percevaly and in case of her Death the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee shall with the Consent in Writing of the Speaker of the House of Commons, or the First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, by some Deed or Inftniment in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the said Jane Percevaly or in case of her Death under the Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal of such surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, nominate any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged or declining to act as aforesaid; and such new Trustee and Trustees shall have and be inverted with such and the fame Powers in all respects as if he or they had been originally nominated a Trustee or Trustees in and by this Act, and after every such Appointment of a new Trustee or Trustees, such Conveyances and Acts shall be executed and done, as shall be requisite for veiling the Estate and Interest of and in all and singular the Trust Premises in the continuing Trustee or Trustees (if any such there bel, and such new Trustee or Trustees conjundly, or in such new Trustees, or such new Tnmee only, according to the Nature of the Case, but upon the Trulls and for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, and in the mean time the Trust Premises shall be and remain in the remaining Trustees thereof for the time being, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Executors or Admiriillratorj of such Survivor or his Heirs, according to the Nature of the Trail Premises.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three of the Trustees for the Purposes of this Act for the time being, to do and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things in Execution of the Trails aforesaid, as all the said Trustees reljpedively are hereby authorized and empowered to do, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if the lame had been done and executed by all the said Trustees respectively: Provided always, that in every such Ad, Matter or Thing done by Three Trustees, the said Speaker of the House of Commons, or Lord High Treasurer, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, shall be one.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being respectively, from time to time, by Writing under Hand and Seal, to appoint a Person to act for each of them respectively, in all or any of the Trulls of this Act, and either under such Exceptions and Restrictions as to such Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High'Treasurer of the Exchequer, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being respectively, shall seem meet, or without any Exception or Restriction, and also from time to time to remove such Substitute and to appoint any other Person for the fame Purpose; and all things which shall be done by any Person so appointed as aforesaid, within the Compass and during the Continuance of such hia Appointment, shall be as valid and effectual for the Purposes of this Act as if such things had been done by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer, or First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who shall respectively make such Appointment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the time being, of this Act, or any of them, shall not be charged or chargeable with or accountable for any more of the Trull Monies and Premises than they shall respectively actually receive, or shall come to their respective Hands by virtue of the Trulls herein declared, nor with or for any Loss which shall or may happen of the fame Trail Monies and Premises, or of any Part thereof, so as such Loss happen without their wilful Neglect pr Default $ and that it shall be lawful

52 Geo. III. g K. for

Trustees to apply Funds in Default of Appointment.

Funds may be changed.

Appointment of new Trustee* when necessary.

Three Trusteee may act

[Proviso.]

The Speaker, See. may appoint Persons to act for them.

Trustees only answerable for what they shall receive. Sec.

794 C. 67, 68. S2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

for the fame Trustees for the time being, and every of them, in the first Place by and out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said Trusts, to dedud, retain to and re-imburse themselves respectively, all such Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences, as they shall respectively pay, bear, sustain, expend or be put unto, for or by reason or means of all or any of the said Trusts, Powers and Authorities, or the Management or Execution thereof, or any Act, Transaction, Matter or Tiling whatsoever in any wise howsoever relating thereto.

48 C. 3. C.T50.

49 G. 3- c. 48.

49 G. 3 c. 82.

49 G. 3. c. 129. and alf» so much of 50 G. 3. c. 15. a relates to the Local Militia, repealed-Repeal of Acts not to affett Commissions.

Local Militia »ow serving to continue to serve as if Att had Bot been made.

l/irutennnt flmll appoint Officers.

Rank of Officers.

lieutenant Colonel* Com-ro.mdant to commamlLieutenant Colonel*,

CAP. LXVjUI.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland[2othjurie 1812.]

WHEREAS the Local Militia, as by Law established, has been found of the utmost Importance to the internal Defence of this Realm: And whereas it is necessary, in the present Circumstances of f Europe, that the said Force should be permanently maintained: And whereas the Laws now in force for regulating the Local Militia require Amendment; and it is expedient that some of the Provisions contained in the several Acts relating to the fame should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be be made; and it would greatly tend to the better Execution thereof, if the Whole of the said Provisions were comprised in One Act of Parliament: And whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, that certain Acts and Part of Acts now in force should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm; and also Three several Acts, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Local Militia, the One intituled An Act to amend and render more cjfcdual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to eflallish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm; the other intituled An Act to amend several Acts passed in the last and present Sessions of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia; and the other intituled An Act to prevent the enlijling of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong; and also so much of another Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia of Great Britain, as relates to the Local Militia, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that the Local Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the repealing of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or any or either of them, shall not affect any Commission already granted under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, but that all such Persons to whom any such Commissions shall have been granted, shall and may ad in the Execution of this Act, in like manner as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any or either of them: Provided also, that so many of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and private Local Militia Men as are now serving for the several Counties, Stewartries and Places in Scotland, shall be liable and continue to serve in the same manner and for the fame Length of time as they ought to have served if this Act had not been made, and shall be liable and subject to the same Penalties, Pains, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offence which they may have respectively committed previous to the passing of this Act, in the same manner as if the Offence had not been committed till after the passing of this Act; and from time to time, in every case, where it shall be necessary to supply any Deficiency in the Number of private Local Militia Men of any County, Stewartry 01* Place, the Man or Number of Men required to supply such Deficiency shall be raised, provided and -enrolled, and shall serve in the manner and for the time directed by and under and according to the Provisions, Rules and Regulations of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Lieutenants of Counties and Stewartries, or, in the Absence of the Lieutenant, the Vice Lieutenant or any Three Deputy Lieutenants duly authorized by His Majesty, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required from time to time to constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, being qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their respective Counties, Stewartries and Places, or within some adjacent Counties, Stewartries or Places, to be Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline and command the Persons to be so armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to His Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and in case His Majesty shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before Him, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons so lo be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Lieutenants to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions shall be granted to all such Persons who shall not be disapproved by His Majesty; and the Officers so appointed for the Local Militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed, shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular Militia as youngest of their Rank: Provided always, that no higher Rank shall be given in any Regiment of Local Militia than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, except in cases where the Commandant shall have served with the Rank of Colonel in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Regular or Supplementary Militia or Fencibles, or be the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Local Militia holding the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, shall take Rank of and command all other Lieutenant Colouels serving in the said Local Militia* notwithstanding the Commissions of the said Lieutenant Colonels should be of a prior Date to the Commissions

- of

A.D. 1812. js' GEORGII III. C. 68.

of such Lieutenant Colonels Commandant; and that Officers of the Local Militia shall rank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to the Dates of their respective Commissions: Provided always, that every Officer of Local Militia, who (half have held any Commission in any Volunteer Corps at the time of his becoming «n Officer of the Local Militia, shall be entitled to rank with the Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, according to the Date of his Commission of the fame Rankin the Volunteers.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have held the Rank of Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Regular or Supplementary Militia, and who may be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission, in the Local Militia; and every Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry, as long as he shall continue to act as such, who shall be appointed to the Command of any Regiment or Battalion of Local Militia as aforesaid, shall rank as Colonel, according to the Date of his Commission in the Local Militia; and every Person who shall have served in the Regular or Supplementary Militia as a Commissioned Officer, and by reason of the Reduction of such Militia shall have cealed to hold such Rank, shall, if appointed to a like Commission in the Local Militia, rank according to the Date of his first Commission: Provided always, that no Officer holding the Rank of Colonel in the Local Militia shall be entitled to or receive any greater Pay or Emolument than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Officer in the Local Militia already granted or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia, in pursuance of this Act, (except within the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties) shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall be felled or possessed of an Eftafe in Property, either in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, of Three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in Scotland, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Three hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Major, shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Ellate as aforesaid of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be a younger Son or some Person who shall be, or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall himself be possessed of Real or Personal Property to the Amount in the Whole of One thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Person so to be appointed Lieutenant shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Twenty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of alike Estate as aforesaid of Forty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who shall be or who at the time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds Sterling; and that every Person so to be appointed an Ensign shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Ten Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seized or possessed, of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Three hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the time of his Death was in like manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Twenty Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who shall be or who at the time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Six hundred Pounds Sterling: Provided always, that any Officer who shall have held any Commission in His Majesty's Regular Army, or in the Regular or Supplemental Militia, or in any Fencible Regiment, or who shall have transferred himself together with his Corps or any Part thereof, from the Volunteers into the Local Militia with His Majesty's Approbation, shall be eligible and duly qualified to hold the fame Rank in the Local Militia, although not qualified as hereinbefore directed; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Officers of the Local Militia in and for the City of Edinburgh and Liberties thereof, shall be qualified as follows; that is to say, every Person to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall be seised or possessed of a Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised and possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Person to be appointed a Major shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and every Person to be appointed a Captain shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling; and every Person 16 be appointed a Lieutenant shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of

5 K 2 Personal

795

[Proviso.]

R.mk in Loc?l Militia of Officers who have l'erved in Regular or Supplementary AMitia,

[Proviso.]

Commissions n^jfc-i evoked by Revocation of Power of Grantor Qualifications of Officers.

ProvHW.

Qualification of Officets of Local Militia within the City of Edinburgh.

C. 68.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

No Officer superior to a Subaltern appointed,

till his Qualification delivered to Clerk of the Peace, who frail transmit Copy to County Lieutenant.

Cleric of the Peace to enter Qiulifi.ations upon a Roll, and to insert in London Gazette Date.' of Corn-millions, &c. and transmit every January to Secretary of State Certificate of Qualifications to be laid before Parliament.

G. 1. Stat. 2. c. 13.

to.3c.j3.

t

I G. 1. St?t. 2. c. IJ.

Persons acting who are unqualified, or who have not delivered in Qualifications. Penalty.

Onus Probandi. Troviso.

Mis Majesty may d'rest County Lieutenants to displace Officers.

Numbers of private Men.

Perform1 Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal E(late together, to the Amount of Three hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling 5 and every Person to be appointed an Eufign shall be seised or possessed of a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City or Liberties of the yearly Value of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, or be possessed of Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Eiiate together, to the Amount of Two hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the Comity, Stewartry or Place, for which he shall be appointed, or (in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, dating the Parish or Parities in which the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification is or are situate, if the fame be a Real Estate; or if the fame be Personal Property, then of the Particulars of such Personal Property; or if the Qualification arise from Service in His Majesty's Regular Forces, Regular or Supplementary Militia or Fencibles, or Volunteers as aforesaid, then of the Particulars of such Service; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Local Militia than that of Lieutenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Stewartry and Place, shall, and he is hereby required to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him, according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in The London Gazette the Dates of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers it) whose Room they are appointed, in like manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Iniertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Collector of the County, Stewartry or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every YeaF, transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a Certificate in the Form in Schedule (A.) that the Qualifications have been so left with him; and every Commissioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration, as required by this Act, shall, at some General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in some Sheriff Court in Scotland within Six Months after the passing of this Act, if he shall have been appointed before the passing of this Act, or if not appointed till after the passing of this Act, then within Six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Successon of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; and also by an Act paffea in the Thirty f sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Tear of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprison of Treason; and also make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the First Year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated and subscribed by all Officers, Civil and Military.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Lieutenant Colonels or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is hereinbefore required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall fuc for the lame; and in every Action, Suit or Information, brought against any Person for acting as Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain, not being qualified as hereinbefore directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person against whom the fame is brought: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of the Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Commissioned Officer in the Local Militia, within the County, Stewartry or Place, wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Refrdence, although he may not have the Qualification hereinbefore required; or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Stewartry or Place, for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may from time to time, as He and they shall think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to his and their Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, to displace all or any Officers in the Local Militia, and thereupon His Majesty's respective Lieutenants shall forthwith displace such Officers, and appoint others within the same County, Stewartry or Place, with the like Qualifications, and under and subject to the like Provisions and Restrictions, to serve in their Stead.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct, that a Number of private Men not exceeding the Numbers herein specified for each County respectively, shall he enrolled to serve in the Local Militia atiuch Periods and in such Counties, and in such Proportions in any such Counties, Div.fijns or Parts thereof, as His Majesty by any Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual shall specify, order and direct, in that Behalf, according to the Provisions of this Act; that is to say. For the

7 County

797

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII IIt C. 68.

County of Edinburgh One thousand three hundred and thirty two; for the City of Edinburgh One thousand two hundred and forty; for the County of Linlithgow Three hundred and seventy six; for the County of Haddington Six hundred and sixteen; for the County of Berwick Six hundred and twenty; for the County of Peebles One hundred and eighty; for the County of Selkirk One hundred; for the County of Roxburgh Seven hundred and twelve; for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright Six hundred and four; for the County of Wigton Four hundred and seventy six; for the County of Ayr One thousand seven hundred and forty four; for the County of Renfrew One thousand six hundred and sixteen; for the County of Lanark Three thousand and four; for the County of Stirling One thousand and fifty two; for the County of Kinross One hundred and forty; for the County of Fife One thousand nine hundred and thirty six; for the County of Dumbarton Four hundred and twenty eight; for the County of Bute Two hundred and forty four; for the County of Argyle One thousand four hundred and fifty six; for the County of Inverness One thousand five hundred and thirty six; for the County of Perth Two thousand six hundred and twelve: for the County of Forfar Two thousand and forty four; for the County of Kincardine Five hundred and forty four; for the County of Aberdeen Two thousand five hundred and sixty; for the County of Banff Seven hundred and sixteer.; for the County of Elgin Five hundred and fifty two; for the County of Nairn One hundred and seventy two; for the County of Cromarty Sixty four; for the County of Ross One thousand and eighty; for the County of SutherlandYouv hundred; for the County of Caithness Four hundred and eighty four; for the County of Dumfries One thousand one hundred and thirty six; for the County of Clackmannan Two hundred and twenty four.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Number of Local Militia so fixed and Where Quota

settled for any County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, shall be less than the Number actually serving for ^umbJr

such County, Stewartry or Place, at the time of passing this Act, the F.xcefs, over and above the Quota so a^uauy serving fixed as aforesaid, shall continue to serve in the Local Militia of their respective Counties, Stewartries and £Xcefs to con-Places, until the Expiration of the Period for which they were originally enrolled; any thing in this Act to tinue to serve. the contrary notwithstanding; but that no Vacancies arising in the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry When Vacancies or Place, shall be supplied until the Number of Men serving in such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be luPPl, ed» reduced below the Number so fixed as aforesaid, as the Quota of such County, Stewartry or Place.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Number of Local Militia Men so fixed as aforesaid for Whtre Quota

any County, Stewartry or Place, shall be greater than the Number actually serving for such County, Stewartry now fixc£l* or Place, at the time of passing this Act, no further Enrolments of Men for the Local Militia of such Number of Lo-County, Stewartry or Place, shall take place, beyond what may be necessary to keep the several Regiments cai Militia now complete to their Establishments, so long as the Number of Men serving in such County, Stewartry or Place serving, no fur-shall, in Addition to and together with and including the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in such jher Enrolment County, Stewartry or Place, (exclusive of Supernumeraries above the Establishment of such Corps serving

without Pay), amount to Six Times the Original Quota of the Militia of such County, Stewartry or MiihiVand^-Place, fixed under an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to lunteerstogether the Militia of Scotland: Provided always, that when and so often as the Number of effective Yeomanry and equal fix Times Volunteers in any such County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, shall be reduced by the disbanding or the Militia, discontinuing the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or by reason of the effective Numbers 4aG*3c*9x» of any such Corps being diminished, a Number of Local Militia Men not exceeding in Amount such Deficiency shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled under this Act, until the Number of the Local Militia of

[Proviso.]

such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be equal to the Number fixed as aforesaid for the Quota of such County, Stewartry or Place, under this Act: Provided always, that no Vacancy arising in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, by reason of the effective Numbers of such Corps being diminished, shall be supplied as aforesaid by Ballot for the Local Militia under this Act; unless such Vacancy shall not have been supplied by the entering of any Men into such Corps within Six Months after such Vacancy occurring in such Corps.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Number of Local Militia Men so fixed by Volunteers may this Act as the Quota of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall be greater than the Number actually serving

for such County, Stewartry or Place, it shall be lawful for the Members of any Corps of Volunteers, within the Ages limited by this Act, and not having more than Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, as may be desirous of forming Part of the said Local Militia to be raised under this Act, to transfer themselves, with the Approbation of His Majesty, under the Direction of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, to become and form Part of the Local Militia under this Act of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Corps shall belong, upon such Terms and Conditions as to His Majesty shall seem fit; and all Volunteers so permitted to transfer their Services shall thereupon forthwith be enrolled without Ballot in such Local Militia, and take the Oath herein after required to be taken by Persons ballotted under this Act, and actually serving in such on the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, ?md having constantly continued to serve as such since that Period, shall be entitled to a Bounty of Two Guineas, and to the fame Allowance for Necessaries as other Local Militia Men are entitled to under this Act, and shall be deemed and taken to be Local Militia Men to all Intents and Purposes.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall transfer himself as a Member Volunteers so of a Volunteer Corps into the Local Militia, and shall be thereupon enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be transferring not liable to be called upon to be enrolled to serve in the Regular Militia, by reason of his having been ballotted foMe to serve in and entered for the Regular Militia, during the Period of his having been a Member of a Volunteer Corps^egu ar 1 lw any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII.'And be it further enacted, That whenever such Bounty shall become payable to any Member of a Bounties to Volunteer Qorp$ so transferring himself as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice attending the Enrol- Volunteer*, Jcq,

ment

798 C. 68.

52 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

ment and ^wearing in of such Men shall sign a Certificate of the Amount of the Bounty so to be paid, and to whom, and for what Pariftiesor Places 5 and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting shall forthwith transmit such Certificate to the Secretary at War, and draw upon the Agent General for the Amount of Bountie» specified to be so payable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to permit any Volunteer Corps of Yeomanry or Artillery to transfer themselves into the Local Militia, upon tuch Terms and Conditions as to their Establishment, and as to Allowances for Horses or Accoutrements, or other Things, and as to Pay, ay His Majesty shall direct, and to be attached to the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein such Corps shall serve, in such manner as His Majesty shall dirndl: Provided always, that no Vacancies arising in any such Corps of Yeomanry, so transferred as aforesaid, shall be supplied by Ballot under this Act; but all such Vacancies which shall not be supplied by the entering of any Men into such Corps within Six Months after such Vacancy occurring in such Yeomanry Corps shall be supplied by Ballot for the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Yeomanry Corps shall be attached.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Mattery and Things contained in the said Act of the Forty second of His Majesty, or in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, or in an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, or >u any other Act relating to the Militia, as relate to the appointing and holding General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy, or to the making out Lifts from which to ballot, or to the Mode of balloting, shall, as far as the same are applicable and can be applied to and for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, be used, exercised, applied and put in force with respect to the Local Militia, in as full and ample a manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things were re-enacted and repeated in this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, as soon as conveniently maybe after any Subdivision Meeting shall have been appointed, give Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting to such of the Deputy Lieutenants who shall be resident within such Subdivision, and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, attached to such Subdivision, by Notice, addr^fled to the Adjutant, and an Account of the several Days fixed for receiving Lifts, and for ballotting and for iurolling the Militia Men within such Subdivision; and shall, as soon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewise transmit to the Colonel or other Commandant, or to the Commanding Officer as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, a List, specifying the Names, Trades and usual Places of Abode, of all such Local Militia Men as are inrolled.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Men to be raised under this Act shall be ballotted out of and from the Persons between the Age- of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, or which may hereafter be made and returned or amended and corn died for the raising of the Militia under any Acts relating to the Militia of Scotland; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall think fit, to order and direct the making out any new Lifts, and in such Classes as to Age or otherwise, and in such Form as may be deemed expedient for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That on making out or amending of any Lifts after the pading of this Act, of Persons (it to serve in the Local Militia, every Person who shall wilfully neglect to appeal within the time appointed for that Purpose, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, and on Non-payment thereof be imprisoned, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace < >lugift rates as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding Fourteen Day 3.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be appointed or act as a Special Constable for the Purpose of assisting in the making out any new Lifts, or otherwise in aiding in the Execution of this Act, who shall not be above the Age of Thirty Years.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdivision, or any Two or more of them, or for any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, from time to time to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands, requiring the Attendance of the School-master, Constable or other Officer of any Parish or Place within such Subdivision, for the Purposes of this Act, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Schoolmaster, Constable or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Constable or other Officer of any Division, or any Schoolmaster, Constable or other Officer of any Parish or Place, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders and Directions a6 he shall from time to time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or from any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, or shall be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or gross Neglect in his Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or such One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, are hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail for the Space of One Month, or, at their Discretion, to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Constable or Officer shall be of the People may appoint De- called Quakers, (and certified to be so by Two Persons of the People called Quakers) and shall neglect or to Quakers to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting

or carrying - for^j)jvjpion within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, in all cases where the circumstances of the case shall in their Judgment render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order uoder their Hands to appoint a iit and proper 6 Person

Yeomanry and Artillery Coips may transfer Services to Local Militia. Piovilo.

Power of

41 G. 3. c. 91. 46 G. 3. c. 140.

49 G* .* c. 9°* applicable to the Local Militia, extended lathis Art.

Subdivision Clerks to give Notice of Meeting to Commanding-Officers of Regiments.

Men ballotted from Militia Lift.

Persons neglecting to appeal. Penalty.

No Person under 30 to be SpecialConstable*.

Deputy Lieutenants tray require Attendance of Constable*.

Imprisonment.

Two Justices

mio Execution.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68. 799

Person to be Deputy to such Quaker, for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so aft, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices, under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as the Person for whom he shall so aft; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the Constable or Officer (being one of the People called Quakers) shall be, and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the time of such Appointment.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any Two or more Parishes or Places, or to add any extra-parochial Place or Places to any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, for the Purposes of this Act; and also to add together the Lists of such Parishes and Places aforesaid, so as to make the Choice of Local Militia Men by Ballot within every such Subdivision as equal and impartial as possible 5 and where any Parishe6 and Places so added together shall lie in different Wards or other Divisions within the same County, Stewartry or Place, to direct in what Ward or other Division the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lifts so added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for One Parish, or for the Parish to which any extra-parochial Place shall have been added as aforesaid 5 and the Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers of Parishes and Places so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act, as if they were respectively Officers of One and the same Parish or Place, and all such Schoolmasters, Constables and Officers so as aforesaid acting together by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish or Place which shall be tnamed first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants; and if any Difference or Disagreement shall arise between - the Officers of any Parish or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes or Places, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the Subdivision where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall at any Subdivision Meeting, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and make such Order therein for the better Execution of this Act, as to them shall seem meet; and such Orders shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without being subject to any Sift or Review whatsoever.

Two or mors Places and Lifts may be added together, and Constables, 8»c. fli..l! act together as if they were Officers of same Parish, and shall meet in Parish first named in Order of Deputy Lieutenants.

Deputy Lieute* rants to determine Disagreements between Parish Officers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Act to extend to Matters and Tilings in this Act contained, shall be conllrued to extend to every extra-parochial Place added extra P*roch, al to any Parish or Place for the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if the said Directions and Provisions had severally and respectively been expressly applied to extra-parochial Places, and where there shall be any extra- v here*no Con-parochial Place or other Place wherein no Schoolmasters or Constables have been or are appointed, or aft, the flablcsor School-respective Constables and Schoolmasters of the Parishes or Places, to which such extra-parochial or other niaften.

Place shall have been added by the Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, may and shall act as Schoolmasters or

Constables, for such extra-parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Act, and may and shall do,

perform and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things therein, relating to the Execution of this Act, as

fully and amply, and with all such and the like Powers in every respect, as* if such extra-parochial or other 4

Place was within and made Part of such Parish or Place.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, within Fourteen Clerks of Subdi-i Days after every such Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Stew- vir, on Meetings aftry or Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Subdivision Meeting; and if any such

Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid within such Period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly to Clerk of Ge-or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty neral Meeting. Pounds. Penalty.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or General Meet-Place, together with any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the a>' a, ter Jkbfence of any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) any Five or more Deputy Lieutenants may at any General

Meeting, alter the appointed Subdivisions within such County, Stewartry or Place, if they shall see Occasion, iu each and also may alter the established Allotment of the Number of Men in each respective Ward or other Division, Division. to fervein the Local Militia, towards raising the Number of Local Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised for such County, Stewartry or Place, according to the Numbers contained in the respective Certificates received from the several Subdivision Meetings; regard being had in such Allotments and Apportionments to the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in each such Ward and other Division.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Second Meeting within At Second Sub*

any Subdivision shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish and Place, within such Sub- Meeting,

division, regard being had in such Appointment to the Number of effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving

in each such Parish or Place in Proportion to the Number last appointed, in the manner hereinbefore directed, Number of at a General Meeting to serve for each Parish or other Division; and shall appoint another Meeting to be Men to serve for holden within Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden within the same Subdivision, each Rarish, &c. and shall issue out an Order to the Schoolmaster or Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place within J?*1.*1*11 °'der their respective Subdivisions, of the Number of Men so appointed to serve for such Parish or Place, and of jyen^hereof the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting 5 and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more , ndof next° of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant, and One Justice of the Peace, assembled in pursuance of such Meeting, md iAppointments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of flwUcaufo Nuro-the Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, returned in the Lifts now existing, or which may !>er* hereafter be made and returned, or amended or corrected, for the raising the Militia under any Acts relating otlc c* - to

8oo C. 68. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Personi chosen by Ballot to uke

Oatk.

Men before Enrolment examined upon Oath as to Refi -dence, &c. refuting to be ex-mined. Punishment.

Persons insuring* Penalty.

No Person ballot' ed allowed to find Substitute.

Volunteers received with Consent of Inhabitants of any Place, and a Rate established for paying them Bounties not exceeding Two ^Guineas each.

No Ballot shall take place where

Persons shall voluntarily enrol themselves.

Provi so for Seamen.

Ceitaln Persont exempt from Service.

to the Militia of Scotland, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Weeks in the fame

Subdivision, and shall ifTne out an Order directing the Schoolmaster or Constable, or other Officer of every Parish or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Local Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at lead Seven Days before such Meeting; and such Schoolmaster, Constable or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make such Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall upon such Notice appear at such Meeting, and if on Examination found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in manner herein after dircMed, shall then and there take the following Oath; that is to say,

T B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty

*King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Local Militia of within Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, during the time of Four Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

And every such Person shall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, as a private Local Militia Man, for the Space of Four Years.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Man enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, shall, before such Enrolment, be examined upon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants, as to his Residence, Age and Family, and the Oath so administered to him shall be in the Words, and according to the Form and EffeM in the Schedule to this AM annexed, marked (B.); and if any Person shall refuse to be so examined, such Person may, at the Discretion of any One or more Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, be imprisoned for any time not exceeding One Week, and shall notwithstanding be liable to be enrolled to serve in the said Local Militia, if he shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to be a fit and proper Person to be so enrolled

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this AM, if any Person whatsoever shall insure, or take or agree to take any Money for the Insurance of, or be any ways concerned in any Company, Society, Partnership, Club or Office, for the Insurance of any Person or Persons, or for the insuring or indemnifying each other against or for the paying any Money for or towards the discharging of any Fine or Penalty, for any Person or Persons who may be ballotted to serve in the Local Militia, or shall pay or engage to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Volunteer to serve in discharge of any County, Stewartry or Place, beyond the Sum of Two Guineas to be paid to such Volunteer as herein after directed, every such Person as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia shall be allowed to find or provide any Substitute to serve in his Stead; any thing in this or any other A M to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Herioters of any Parish shall, with the Consent of a Majority of the Heritors of such Parish in Value, according to their valued Rent, given at a Meeting called for that Purpose, provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting forchoofing the Local Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, being of the same County, Stewartry or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, who shall be examined and approved, as is herein after mentioned, such Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such Term, and on the fame Conditions, as is hereinbefore provided in case of Persons chosen by Ballot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lifts returned for such Parish or Place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish or Place; and if any such Majority of Heritors in Value as aforesaid shall agree to give and shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two Guineas each, to serve in the Local Militia for such Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for the Heritors of such Parish, being Proprietors of Lands within the Parish to the Extent of at lead One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, appearing in the Land Tax Books of the County or Stewartry within which such Parish or Place is situated, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose to be called by any Two or more of such Heritors, upon Notice to that EffeM given from the Pulpit on any Sunday at least Five Days previous to such Meeting, to assess Sums equal to all such Bounties upon the Heritors within such Parish, in proportion to the valued Rent of every Heritor within the Parish, and One Half of every Sum so assessed shall be paid by the Tenant or Tenants of the Land upon which the same shall be assessed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which a Ballot shall be directed under this AM for the Local Militia, and any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty five Years, of the Height of Five Feet Two Inches and upwards, and fit for Military Service, and not having more thin Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years, shall voluntarily enrol themselves under this, AM, to serve according to the Provisions of this AM, if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under any Apportionment in any such Parish, then no Ballot shall take place in such Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, then the Number of Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves shall be deduMed from the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot, and the Remainder only shall be ballotted for in such Parish; and all Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, shall take the Oath required by this AM to be taken by Persons ballotted, and shall serve in the same manner and under the fame Regulations, and be subject to the fame Provisions, as if they had been ballotted for under this AM: Provided always, that no Seaman or Seafaring Man shall be enrolled in the Local Militia as a Volunteer.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person being a Commissioned Officer in the Regular Militia or in His Majesty vs other Forces, or in any one of His Majesty's Cattles or Forts,

nor

A.D. 181j. S2* GEORGII III. C. 68. 8o»

nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, nor any Non Commissioned Officer or private Man (erving in the Regular Militia or in any of His Majesty's other Forces, nor any Person being an eneftive Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and duly returned as such, nor any Professor nor any Person being a Resident Member of any of the Universities, nor any licensed Clergyman, nor any Teacher licensed within the County, Stewartry or Place, to preach or teach in some separate Congregation, (not carrying on auy Trade, nor exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster) having taken the Oaths and made and subscribed the Declaration required by Law from the Teachers or Preachers of Congregations of dissenting Protestants, and being bona fide the Teacher of any Congregation whose Place of Meeting shall have been dnly registered at lead Twelve Months previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in October for the Purposes of this Act; nor any Parish Scnoolmader, norany Constable or other Peace Officer, not being a Special Constable \ nor any Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person mustered, trained doing Duty, or employed in any of His Majesty's Cadies or Forts 5 nor any Man who has more than Two Children born in Wedlock, and who is not pofiVfledof an Estate in Lands, Goods or Money, of the clear Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or poflTeflei of such Estate, nor any Person receiving his Education on an Eleemosynary Foundation, shall be liable to f'rve in the Local Militia; and no Person having served personally in the Regular Militia, or provided any Substitute, or for whom any Subditutehas been provided, or paid any Fine for not serving or finding a Substitute in the Regular Militia, shall be liable to serve in the Local Militia until Four Years after the Expiration of his Period of Service, if he shall have served in Person, or Six Years after the Period at which such Substitute shall has'e been enrolled, or Four Years after having paid any such Fine; and that no Person having served personally according to the Directions of any former Act or Acts relating to the Local Militia, or under this Act, shall be ob'iged to serve again until the Expiration of Two Years; and that no Person having paid any Fine, or upon whom Didress has been made for any Fine for not serving in the Local Militia, shall be liable to serve until the Expiration of Two Years from the Period of having paid such Fine or suffered such Distress.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer and Private Persons euroiUil Man enrolled and actually serving in the Local Militia at the time of passing this Act, shall be entitled to and in Eocal Militia have Exemption from serving in the Regular Militia, and shall not be liable to be ballotted to serve in the Rc-

fular Militia for Two Years from the Expiration of their present Period of Service in the said Local Militia: \iiLtia for

rovided always, that all Persons who may hereafter be enrolled to serve in the Local Militia shall only be Two Y<ar*. entitled to have Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, and shall not be liable to be ballotted to serve Peribr.lu-rc.if-in the Regular Militia for One Year from the Expiration of their Period of Service in the said Local Militia: , er enrolled only Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to claim any such Exemption under this Act, who shall not pr

produce a Certificate signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Local Militia to which he shall Ue Lelong, or in case of his Removal from the County, Stewartry or Place in which he may have been originally enrolled, then by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps in which he may have been subsequently serving, that he attended at the lad Period of annual Training and Exercise, or that he was prevented by illness or bodily Infirmity, so certified to his Commanding Officer at the lad Period of annual Training and Exercise, or that he was absent by Permission of his Commanding Officer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person enrolled and fei^ing in the Local Militia who persons exempt shall have claimed Exemption from Service in the Regular Militia, shall nevertheless be compellable to serve «ev«rtMofs Wain the Regular Militia, in case he shall not afterwards attend the Periods appointed for the Training and We to serve in-Exercise of the Local Militia, during the Time for which he may be enrolled to serve in such Local Militia, if negleaV (unlefa prevented by any Infirmity incapacitating him for Service) j and the Commandant of the Regiment, to attend Twiu-Battalion or Corps of Local Militia to which he may belong shall certify such Absence from Training and ing,

Exercise to the Clerk of the Subdivision for which he shall have been before ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia, who shall make the fame known to the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their next Subdivision Meeting, and such Man shall then and there be enrolled to serve in the Regular Militia; or if he shall not then appear, shall be liable to any Penalties imposed upon ballotted Persons not appearing to be enrolled in the Regular Militia.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Member of any Friendly Society, serving or entering to proviso for serve under this Act, shall by such Service be excluded from such Society, or be subject to the Forfeiture Members of of any Benefit to which he may be otherwise entitled under any Rules of such Society; or to any Fine Fliendly Socie* or Penalty imposed by such Society for Non-attendance; any tning in any such Rules to the contrary l, e, ' notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for the Allowances* Purpose of being trained and exercised, or for the Suppression of Riots, or for the Suppression of Rebellion or Invasion, all Persons enrolled therein who shall join on such assembliRg, and shall have Families unable Families, to support themselves, shall, during the Period of their being so assembled as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the fame Relief to their Wives and Families, and under such and the like circumstances, and subject to the fame Regulations and Provisions, as the Wives and Families of Men ballotted to serve in the Regular Militia of Great Britain are entitled to, under an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men of Scotland, % uhen called 49 G. 3. c. 90. into aBual Service; and for that Purpose all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions, Powers, Authorities,

Penalties and Forfeitures in the last mentioned Act contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving or refuting such Relief as aforesaid as fully and effectually as if the fame were herein enacted: Provided Provif*. always, that no Assessment shall be made to make good the Amount of any Sums paid for such Relief to such Wives and Families under this Act in the manner directed by such Lit mentioned Act to make good the Sums 5a Gio.HL % L paid

802 C. 68.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Prorift.

Deputy Lieutenants may cauCe Lifts to be amended, and proceed to freth Ballot, and may administer Oaths, See.

Persons ballotted not appearing to be enrolled, fined.

[Penalty.]

l'roviso.

Pines paid to Clerk of Subdilion Meetings, and paid into Bank to Account of Agent General.,

Lift of Fines transmitted to Secretary at War.

Persons impri-

fonedcompellable to serve Four Year*.

Persons claiming Exemption on Payment of aoL or iol.to sign a Declaration of Income.

False Dedap-lion.

[Penalty.]

Such Persons to sign Declaration that they have not insured.

paid to the Wives and Families of Militia Men pursuant thereto: Provided also, that whenever any Corps of Local Militia shall be assembled for Training and Exercise, all Persons enrolled therein, having Families who would be entitled to Relief if they were resident in some other Place than that in which the Regiment shall be assembled, shall be entitled to belief for their Wives and Families, notwithstanding such Wives and Families may be resident in the Place where the Regiment may be assembled.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Constables, Schoolmasters or other Officers, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivisions should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose as before directed, then the Deputy Lieutenants at their said Meeting, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, may and they are hereby required immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn the Meeting, or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oath hereinbefore required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Local Militia, to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Directions of this Act, such ballotted Man or Volunteer having been duly examined and approved as is herein after mentioned; and such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person by whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, to enrol the Name of every such Person so having been duly examined and approved as aforesaid, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was fa administered to him, in the Roll of such Subdivision.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person ballotted to serve in the Local Militia under this Act shall, after Notice given to him, or left at his usual or last Place of Abode, of his having been so ballotted, refuse or neglect to appear within such Period and at such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose within the Subdivision for which he shall have been so ballotted, (which times and places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants in their respective Subdivisions under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, and Notice thereof given by the Schoolmasters or Constables of the several Parishes, by putting up the fame on the Doors of the several Parish Churches in such County, Stewartry or Place), and be enrolled under this Act, and take the Oath to serve under this Act, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds: Provided always, that if such Person shall not have or be in the Receipt of any annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances or other Income whatsoever, amounting in the whole to Two hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, such Person shall forfeit only the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and if his Income shall not amount in the whole to One hundred Pounds, clear of all Outgoings, Taxes or Reprizes, he shall forfeit only the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall on Receipt thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the fame being paid, which Certificate shall be countersigned by some Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant, and shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, transmit the same to the Collector of the Cess, who shall within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the same to the Receiver General of Scotland, who shall, within Twenty one Days after the Receipt thereof, pay the same into the Bank of England to a separate Account of the Agent General for the Local Militia, for the Purposes of the Local Militia of Great Britain, being furnished with a Receipt for the same.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That a List of all such Fines shall once in each Year, or oftener if required, be transmitted to the Secretary at War by the Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stewartry, City or Place where the same shall be imposed, according to the Form of the Schedule marked (H.) hereunto annexed; and a Duplicate of such Lift shall at the same time be transmitted to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person imprisoned for the Non-payment of any Fine for not appearing to be enrolled, or for refusing to take the Oath, or for refusing or neglecting to attend an annual Period of Training and Exercise, shall be compellable to serve for the full Period of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act, upon Payment of the Fine of Twenty Pounds, or Ten Pounds, instead of Thirty Pounds, shall sign a Declaration that the Amount of his Income does not exceed Two hundred Pounds or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, as the case may be, and shall deliver the same to the Deputy Lieutenants before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or produce a Certificate to the like Effect, allowed by any Commissioners under any Act relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, or to any Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties, within Twelve Months previous to the Production of such Certificate; and evenr Person who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit and pay for such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds in Addition to such Fine.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Service under this Act upon Payment of Fine as aforesaid, and every Person who shall be liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Act, for not appearing to be enrolled in the Local Militia, shall be summoned and required to appear before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, and shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenant before whom he shall appear to claim such Exemption, or by such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so summoned and required to appear as aforesaid, to sign a Declaration that he hath not directly or indirectly, by any Policy, Premium or Promise of any Policy or Premium, or by any Engagement, insured himself against such Fine or any Part thereof, and that no Person or Persons hath or have directly or indirectly, in Consideration of any Sum of Money or Promise of any Sum of Money, or Gift r Reward, or for any valuable Consideration whatever, undertaken, engaged or pvomifed in any way to in.

aemnify

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68.

demnify him therefrom, or from any Part thereof, or to repay to him, or to any Person or Persons on hie Behalf, or for his Use, Benefit or Advantage, the said Fine or any Part thereof; and in case any Person so claiming to be exempt, or so summoned or required to appear as aforesaid, shall refuse so to sign such Declaration, or so to appear according to such Summons or Requisition, or shall make any false Declaration in that behalf, every such Person shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the reace, forfeit Three times the Amount of such Fine; and in Default of Payment thereof, shall be confined in any House of Correction or Common Gaol for such County, Stewartry or Place, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Penalty 5 and shall be liable personally to serve in the said Local Militia for the full Term of Four Years after the Expiration of such Imprisonment, or the Payment of such Penalty.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry or Place, in any case in which it shall appear to them to be necessary or proper, by reason of any Quotas of Local Militia of any Divisions of any County, Stewartry or Place, or of any Parishes of any Ward or Division, being found by any Returns now made or which may hereafter be made, not to be in Proportion to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia in such respective Wards, Divisions or Parishes, or by reason of any Alteration which may have taken place in the Number of the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving for such Ward, Division or Parish, to make any new Apportionments and ascertain and settle any Quotas of Local Militia, as to any Wards or Divisions of any County, Stewartry or Place, or as to any Parishes in any Ward or Division, by any new Apportionment as to such Wards or Divisions, or as to the Parishes in any Ward or Division, according to the relative Numbers of Men liable to serve in the Local Militia: Provided always, that all Quotas of Local Militia which shall have been settled and ascertained for any Wards or Divisions, or for any Parishes of any Ward or Division, shall remain and be deemed to be the proper Quotas of such Wards, Divisions and Parishes respectively, unless and until the Deputy Lieutenants shall deem it necessary to alter and shall have altered the fame, and settled any new Quotas under this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, to cause a new Lift in such Parish or Place to be made and returned to them, at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same manner as the Lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being one of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, who shall be ballotted under this Act, shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants of any Subdivision Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more respectable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum or United Brethren, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Person to be one of their PerTuafion, such Person shall not be enrolled; and it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any such Person to pay such Proportion of such Fines as are by this Act imposed on Persons ballotted and not appearing, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life and Property of such Person; and the Amount of Fine lo adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Person, by Warrant under their Hands (the Overplus, if any, after deducting of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Effects can be found whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices shall nevertheless upon Inquin be satisfied that such Quaker or United Brother is of sufficient Ability to pay such Fine of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, if he shall think fit, to commit such Quaker or United Brother to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding One Month, unless such Sum shall be sooner paid and fatibfied: Provided always, that no Quaker or United Brother so committed as aforesaid shall be confined among Culprits.

L. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to serve in the Local Militia, having more than One Place of Residence, shall serve for the County, Stewartry or Place, where his Name shall haveT>een first inserted in such Lift as aforesaid 5 and the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting to which such Lift shall be returned shall, if such Person requires the fame, grant a Certificate gratis under his Hand, that such Person* Name was inserted in such Lift, and specifying the Time when such Lift was made and returned.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in Two or more Counties, Stewartries or Places, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated; and that such Parish shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of such County, Stewartry or Place.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Act, either as a ballotted Man or Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully examined by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been declared and reported by such Surgeon to he neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, shall in all case9 before they proceed to enrol any Man for the Local Miktia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or the said Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby empo wered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion 01 Corps of the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place for which any Man is to be enrolled, if any such Surgeon is within a reasonable Distance, and can conveniently be bad, or therwife to require the At-

5 L 2 tendance

803

Refuting to sign, or making false Declaration.

[Penalty.]

Deputy Lieutenants may make new Apportionments in case Quotas are found not to be in Proportion to Numbers liable to serve.

New Lifts made out if any loft.

Quakers or United Brethren, on Production of certain Certificates, not enrolled, but adjudged to pay Proportion of Fines on Persons ballotted and not ap-P#

Imprisonment.

[Proviso.]

Persons having more than One Residence.

Persons to serve in Militia of County in which Par Ih Church situ.ite. No Man enrolled until examined and approved by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon*

Deputy Ueute-nants may dif-chirge Persons cholen by B diet, whu are unfit.

Deputy L eute Hants to class Men enrolled, and make cu: Lift in Schedule (C.) n Copy Clerk of Subdivision Ihdll tra.V-mit to Clerk to General Meetings to be entered.

Men becoming unfit to serve discharged; but if done by Commanding Officer only, confirmed by Deputy Lieutenant before Others are ballotted for.

Vacancies occasioned by Death, &c. filled up by fresh Ballot.

Meetings of

Lieutenancy to fix by Ballot Order in which Subdivtfion$, &c. shall (land as to supplying Deficiencies on Account of Appointment of Periods to be Serjeants, &c.

No B dlo: f. r Private appointed Non Co mini f-(ioned Officer or Drummer in Room of One reduced to the Ranks.

At Subdivision Meetings Men ballotted for in room of thoie whose Terms of

C. 68. j2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

tendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpose; and a reasonable Allowance, not exceeding On Guinea, shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination, for every Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, and shall be paid to him in like manner as other Allowances are directed to be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks under this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants* or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia is unable to serve from any permanent Illness, Debility or bodily Infirmity, or is not of the full Height of Five Feet Two Inches, or is not approved upon Examination by a Surgeon according to the Direction of this Act, such Deputy Lieutenants or such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace shall and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions shall, as soon as they shall have enrolled the Number of Men required in their Subdivision, divide the Men so enrolled into as many Classes of the Description herein after mentioned, as shall be found among such Men; that is to say, in the First Class they shall put all the Men having no Child or Children living 5 and in the Second Class, all the Men not having any Child or Children living under the Age of Fourteen Years; and in the Third Class, all the Men having any Child or Children, One of whomi only shall be under the Age of Fourteen Years $ and in the last Class, all the Men not included in any of the former Descriptions; and shall forthwith make out a List of such Classes, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked fC.), and within Three Days after the completing thereof, the Clerk of such Subdivision Meeting shall transmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exact and true Copy of such Lift, made out in such Form as aforesaid, to be by him entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Local Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Local Militia Man shall belong, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall then be within the said County, Stewartry or Place, or for the Colonel or other Commandant only, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be absent therefrom, to discharge such Local Militia Man from his Regiment, Battalion or Corps; but another Man shall not be ballotted for in the Room of such Local Militia Man so discharged, until such Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of Two or more Deputy Lieutenants or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the Subdivision for which such Local Militia Man was enrolled, or at any General Meeting for the County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any private Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to feive, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Local Militia, or enter or enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces, Navy or Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia, or be discharged in Manner aforesaid, as unfit for Service, or dismissed in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corns to which such private Man shall belong, shall Certify the Vacancy occasioned by such Death, Appointment, Entering, Enlist-ment. Discharge or Dilmifial, (as the case may be) to the Clerk to the General Meetings, who shall forthwith transmit the said Certificate to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision for which such Private Man shall have been enrolled, and such Deputy Lieutenants shall immediately upon the Receipt of such Certificate, cause such Vacancy to be filled up by a fresh Ballot for a Local Militia Man to serve according to the Provisions of this Act; except in such cases as are in this Act excepted.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants at any General Meeting, and they are hereby required to ascertain and fix by Ballot the Order in which the respective Subdivisions, and Parishes in their respective Counties, Stewartries and Places shall stand as to the supplying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may exist or arise therein by reason of the Appointment of any Persons serving in the Local Militia of any such County, Stewartry or Place, to be Serjeants or Corporals, and shall immediately after the same shall be so ascertained and fixed, cause such Subdivisions and Parishes respectively, to be entered in such Order, in a List to be prepared for that Purpose; and such Vacancies shall be supplied by such Subdivisions and Parishes, in the Order in which they shall have been entered in such Lift as aforesaid, and not by the Parishes for which the Men so promoted shall have served.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private Local Militia Man shall be appointed a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, in the Room of any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer reduced to the Ranks, no Ballot shall take place in the Parish or Place for which such private Man so appointed was then serving, in consequence of any Vacancy occasioned by such Appointment, so long as the Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer so reduced shall continue to serve in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, at their several Subdivision Meetings, shall and they are hereby required to ballot for Local Militia Men, in the room of all Local Militia Men actually serving, whose Terms of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November next ensuing the holding of such Subdivision Meetings, and shall, at a following Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to enrol the said ballotted Men as aforesaid 5 and the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, is hereby em-

1 powered,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68.

powered, from time to time, to discharge any Man of hi'9 Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whose time of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November next ensuing, and to receive any other Local Militia Man in his Room who shall have taken the Oath, and been enrolled according to the Directions of this Act; and every such Man so discharged shall be entitled to the fame Immunity from further Service as if he had served his full Term*

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Local Militia Man by virtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate or rescind the Contract or alter the Engagement between such Servant and his Master or Mill refs, or Employer or Employers, unless the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place for which such Servant shall be enrolled, shall be embodied or called out by His Majesty, or ordered to be so in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled, shall leave the Service of his Master, Mistress or Employer or Employers, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, in pursuance of this Act, and shall not return again to the fame Service at the End of such Period of Training and Exercise, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress or Employer or Employers, an Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to be settled by a Justice of the Peace in the manner herein after mentioned; and in every such case, where any Dispute shall arise between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on Account of his Service performed before the time of his ^Departure from Service, under the Conditions of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join the Local Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be made by such Servant by reason of his Absence, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and may he lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Stewartry or Place, where such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the fame, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his Service, in cases where the Party shall disagree, as the case may require, and as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space of Seven Days next after such Determination, such Justice may and shall issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distfefs and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Heritors of any Parish shall have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and such Heritors shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged, a certain Sum for such Service, it shall be lawful for Two Deputy Lieutenants or any One Justice of the Peace, and they and he are and is hereby required, after such Volunteer has been examined by a Surgeon, and approved according to the Directions of this Act, and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in pursuance thereof, to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to them or him to be due to the Volunteer so engaged, to be immediately paid to him on such Enrolment, in the Presence of such Deputy Lieutenants.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person ballotted or enrolled to serve, or serving in the Local Militia under this Act, to enlill or enter into His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia of the fame or some adjoining County, Stewartry or Place at any time except during such Portion of the Period of being assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise under this Act, as His Majesty shall by any Order made in that Behalf prescribe: and the Enlisting or Entry of every such Man shall be immediately certified by the Officer with whom such Man shall have en-lifted or entered, to the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, from which such Man shall have enlisted or entered; and all Vacancies arising by any such enlisting or entering as aforesaid, shall be supplied in like manner as any other Vacancies in the said Local Militia: Provided always, that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of any Regiment of Local Militia on permanent Pay as such, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or be allowed to enlist into the Army, Navy or Marines or Regular Militia, or to engage himself as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia at any time, whether the Regiment to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer (ha 1 belong, shall be assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise or not, unless with the Consent in Writing of the Commanding Officer of his Regiment given for that Purpose.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any Apprentice ballotted under this Act to inlist in the Army, Navy, Marines, or to enter as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Regular Militia, or to enter as a Volunteer in the Local Militia, or being a Member of a Volunteer Corps to transfer himself into the Local Militia without the Consent of his Master; provided also, that no Ballot, Enrolment and Service under this Act, shall extend to make void or in any manner to affect any Indenture of Apprenccship, notwithstanding any Covenant or Agreement in any such Indenture; and no Service under this Act of any Apprentice shall be deemed or construed or taken to be an Absence from Service, or a Breach of any Covenant or Agreement as to any Service or Absence from Service, in any Indenture of Apprenticeship; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Deed or Indenture of Apprenticeship to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Vacancies arising in the Local Militia by such infilling as aforesaid, or by Discharge, Absence, Desertion, Death or Expiration of Service, shall be filled up according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful at any time before the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall be completed to the full Amount specified in this Act

as

805

Service will expire before Nov. ao next ensuing, and such Men (iii'clmgtd and others received.

Enrolment of Servants shall not vacate Contracts with Mailers.

[Proviso.]

Dispute touch-, ing Wages under 2cl Justice may settle it, and may grant Warrant for I-vying Money by Dif-trtfs if not paid.

Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justice may order Money agreed to he given to Volunteer, to be paid him on Enrolment.

L0c. 1l Militia permitted to inlist.

Serjeant, &c. not permitted.

Apprentices not permitted to inlist without Masters* Con-, font.

Vacancies filled up notwithstanding Suspension of Ballot.

Volunteers allowed to enter

8o6 C. 68.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

WimI l^conl Militia completed.

Lieutenants, Deput m 2nd Jutrices, authorized to adminil-ter Oaths.

rs the Quota of such County, Stewartry or Place, and alto at any time thereafter when any Vacancies fbaflat ife in such Local Militia, for any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty Five, of the height of Five Feet Two Inches, and not having more than Two Children under Fourteen Years of Age, who d'U be approved cf in the manner hereinbefore directed, (as well Members of Volunteer Corps as others), voluntarii r to enrol themselves in the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, according to the Provisions of this Act, until the full Number of Men required by virtue of this Act in such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be completed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or Thing is directed to be enquired of or examined into, upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, before any Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry, or any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to administer such Oath to any Witness or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths to be taken in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be respectively administered by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

Regimen*

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Local Militia of the several Counties, Stewartries and Places of Milina formed aforesaid, shall be formed into Companies, which shall not consist of more than One hundred and twenty, nor and officered. of lef8 than Sixty private Men, and that to each of such Companies there shall be One Captain, One Lieutenant and O.ie Ensign; and that where the Number of Men raised for any County, Stewartry or Place, is sufficient, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed into One or more Regiments, confiding of not more than Twelve nor of less than Eight such Comparies; and where the Number of Men raised in any County, Stewartry or Place, is not sufficient to form a Regiment, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed ioto a Battalion, confiding of not more than Seven nor of less than Four such Companies; and where the Number of Men raised in any County, Stewartry or Place, is not sufficient to form a Battalion of Four such Companies, the Local Militia thereof shall be formed into a Corps, confiding of not less than Three such Companies; and that the Field Officers of such Regiments, Battalious and Corns respectively shall in no case exceed the respective Numbers and Ranks following; that is to say, in every Regiment confiding of not less than Eight hundred private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors; in every Regiment or Battalion confiding of not less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel Commandant, One Lieutenant Colonel and One Major; and in every Battalion confiding of less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel and One Mijor; and in every-proufo. Corps confiding of Three Companies, One Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer: Provided

[Proviso.]

always, that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Local Militia shall be a Captain of a Company: Provided also, that every Battalion confiding of Five Companies or upwards, may have One Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which Two Lieutenants shall be appointed indead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and that every Regiment may have One Company of Grenadiers and One Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies Two Lieutenants shall be appointed indead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign: Provided also,

that to every Company confiding of Ninety private Men or upwards, there may be Two Lieutenants and One Ensign, or Three Lieutenants, as the case may be.

His Majesty may

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by beTof Officers" Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals, .r o cer*, actually serving in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, at the time of passing this Act, to be retained during the Continuance of the present War, or for so long a time during the Continuance thereof as His Majesty shall think fit, as Officers, Non Commissioned Officers or Corporals respectively of such Regiments, Battalions or Corps, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall exceed the Proportion of Officers,

&c. serving in l^ocal Militia at time oi passing Ait to be retained, although Number may exceed Prop- r-tion prescribed for any Regiment, 3c c.

Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, by this Act; and all such Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments and Advantages as other Non Commissioned Officers and Corporals respectively are by Law entitled unto; any thing in any Law or Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Officers so retained who shall exceed the Proportion of Officers respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall succeed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively, according to their respective Ranks, and beginning with the elded Officer of each Rank respectively.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall, previously to the passing of this Act, have confided of Two or more Regiments, Battalions or Corps, and any Oie or more of such Regiments, Battalions or Corps, shall (in consequence of the Reduction of the r.Quota of Local Militia for such County, Stewartry or Place under this Act) be reduced, it shall in every such ch er egunents. cafc lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that any Number of Field Officeis and Officers, together with the Adjutant and Quarter Master, who were serving at the time of passing this Act, shall and may be appointed by the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry or Place, to act as Field Officers, Officers, Adjutant or Quarter Master respectively, in any other Regiment, Battalion or Covps of Local Militia within the said County, Stewartry or Place, and shall continue to serve in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they may be so appointed, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps may exceed the Proportion of Officers prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia under this Act; and all such Officers so appointed and retained as aforesaid shall be entitled to such Pay, 'Rank, Emolument and Advantages, as other Officers of the Local Militia are entitled to, and shall succeed to Vacancies

Officers retained beyond Proportions prescribed, to succeed to Vacancies.

In cases of Regiments being reduced, Officers appointed to

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 68. 807

cancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, according to their respective Ranks, beginning with the eldest Officer of each Rank respectively; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in any case in which more than His Majesty One Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia is ordered to be raised in any County or Stewartry, to ")ay direct the Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of such County or Stewartry, to divide such to e

County or Stewartry for the Purposes of this Act, into such Number of Divisions as there are Regiments,

Battalions or Corps to be raifrd in such County, regard being had to the Number of Persons liable to serve and the Establi foment of each Regiment, and all other Circumstances of local Convenience 5 and from and after such Division, each of such Divisions of such County or Stewartry shall supply all Vacancies arising in the Regiments, Battalions or Corps respectively belonging to such Divisions: Provided always, that such Divisions and all Apportionments made in pursuance thereof may be from time to time varied or altered, as Occasion may require.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Local Militia of any County or Stewartry shall not be Local Militia of sufficient to form Four Companies, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Local Militia of Two or more such County or Stewartry to be joined to the Local Militia of any other County or Stewartry, in order to f'°g|jJ^to form form a Battalion, and to be trained and exercised in any one of such Counties or Stewartries as His Majesty °im

[Proviso.]

shall be pleased to direct; and the different Field Officers to be hereafter appointed to any such Battalion shall be appointed as follows: Where Three or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places shall be joined together to form a Battalion, the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of private Men; the Lieutenant Colonel.shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the next greatest Number; and the Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, fnmifoing the Third greatest Number; and where Two Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places only shall be joined together to form a Battalion, then and in such case the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant and the Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County. Stewartry, City or Place fumishing the greatest Number, and the Lieutenant Colonel shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the smallest Number: Provided always, that where any County, Stewartry, City or Place,

shall not fumish Men sufficient to form a Company, the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry, City or Place shall not appoint any of the Field Officers.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be hwful for His Majesty in every case for which no In what case His special Provision is made by this Act, to cause the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, to be Majesty, may formed and regulated in such manner as to His Majesty shall seem meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, r?er Local Mi-Battalions or Corps, conforming in every case, as near as the Proportions of Men will admit, to the Establifo->« torment with respect to Regiments, Battalions, Corps and Companies, in this Act particularly directed.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry jn whatcafe or Place, to act as Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia for such County, County Lieute-Stewartry or Place, for and during such time as there shall not be any Commandant appointed to such Regi- nant may aft is ment, Battalion or Corps; dhd where the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall take the Commandant of Command of any Local Militia of the said County, Stewartry or Place, such Lieutenant shall be entitled to ^°cal M lUa* the Rank of Colonel, but shall not receive any higher Pay than that of Lieutenant Colonel Commandant: Provided always, that no Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall act as Commandant of more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps, at One time, excepting in those cases in which such Lieutenant may have transferred his Services to the Local Militia as Commandant of more than One Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Loc*l Militia Corps, being duly qualified, who may have accepted or shall accept a Commission or Appointment of the fame Officers accepr-Rank in any other Local Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall thereby vacate his former Com- ing Commission.s mission, shall continue to rank in the general Service according to the Data of his Commission or Appoint- of<amc Raj*k!n ment of the fame Rank in the Local Militia, so vacated as aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Bat- rank, talion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain, When Comman-and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such dant tl>fer}1 frotn Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall belong, and to the Commanding Officer and Adjutant thereof, it shall be H, s

lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer next in Com- jireS Officer mand, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall in all cases aft and serve as the Commandant of such Regi- next in Comment, Battalion or Corps; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been exercised by such Colonel roandtoaft, who or other Commandant, so absent as aforesaid, while resident in Great Britain, shall be veiled in and exercised GwU J* vetted by the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be resident in Great Britain, po^erstll Com-and from and after issuing the said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to be transacted mandant shall and done by any other Perfort or Persons with such Colonel or other Commandant whilst resident in Great return and notify Britain, shall be transacted and done during the time aforesaid, with such Officer so next in Command as afore- Arrival, said, who shall be residing in Great Britain; and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant for the Use of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be issued and paid to or to the Order of such Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Things, done by and with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, during the time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorized or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant when in Great Britain, shall be as good and valid as if done by or With such Colonel or other Commandant; and during the Absence from Great.16 Britain

8o8

C. 68.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Officer nett In Command shall within Seven Da>s after assuroing Command, notify Absence of Commandant to County

Lieutenant, &c. Order* given by

Clothing, &c, completed and Money paid, though he may leave G. B.; a* shall Orders given by Officer

of Commandant, though he may return.

His Majesty to

Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Com, and until he shall return

to Great Britain, and notify hia Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the Quarter Mailer to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the same manner as such Colonel or other Commandant might have done: Provided always, that such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall afiurae the Powers so given to him as aforesaid, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, shall, within Seven Days after he shall assume any such Powers, notify the Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel or other Commandant to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, and also to the Secretary at War: Provided also, that if any such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid shall have given any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, and if before such Orders shall be com- c u plcted, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money shall be issued for the fame, such Colonel or Comman>V|ani for other Commandant shall leave Great Britain, the Orders so given by such Colonel or other Commandant shall nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain as aforesaid; and in like manner if any Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided for the U(e of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, next'in Command and before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money during Absence which ought to be issued shall be issued for the fame, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, notwithstanding the Return of such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid. appoint Adju-

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and shall appoint One proper Person, who

tarn* from Army shall have served in some of His Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia while embodied, for the Term of or Mditia, who Five Years at the lead, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia; and shall preservo such Adjutant, if appointed out of His Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the Local Militia, m preserve his Rank in the Army in the same manner as if he had continued in that Service $ and it shall be

pointed^o^Rankaw^ for the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or of Captain after other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, raised within such County, five Year*Ser- Stewartry or Place, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to serve with the vice, though not Rank of Captain, provided such Adjutant shall have served Five Years as a Commissioned Officer in the qualified. Regular or Local Militia while embodied, or in His Majesty's other Forces, or as an Adjutant in the Volun-

teers, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains: Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the fame it be specified in what Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia while embodied, or of His Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Com* No Adjutant so million or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutant so appointed to serve with the Rank of Captain appointed to shall, by virtue of the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to Rank of Captain Command any Captain of a Company in the Local Militia i Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall, by a comman reason of any such Appointment as aforesaid, be entitled to receive any greater or other Pay or Allowances than those of Adjutant.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, confiding of not less than Two Companies, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry or Place, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint One fit and proper Person, who shall have passed an To Corp« of not Examination at Surgeons Hall, or at the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and received his Certificate accord-Ufs than i wo ingly, to be Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and every such Appointment shall recite the Certificate of the Person so appointed, and an attested Copy thereof shall be transmitted to and kept by the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every such Surgeon shall, while the Local Militia to which he shall belong are disembodied, receive Fifteen Shillings per Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise of such Local Militia under this Act, and One Guinea for every Day that he shall attend the Enrolments at the Sub-divisipn Meetings; such last mentioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Collector of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which such Local Militia shall belong; and every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid shall, during the time of the Local Militia to which he shall belong being embodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry in Jii* Majesty's other Forces, and be subject to the like Rules, Restrictions and Directions in every respect, as far at the fame may be applicable j and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant thereof, to give to such Surgeon a Commission as Lieutenant or Ensign in such Regiment or Battalion; but no such Surgeon shall be capable of receiving any Pay in respect of any such Commission in such Local Militia, during the time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint one fit and proper Person to be the Quarter Matter of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Matter to serve with the

Rank

shall command Captain of Company, or bo entitled to greater Pay than Adjutant.

Companies Surgeon appointed, fcc.

In what case Surgeons to re-C«ivo Pay and Allowance of Surgeon* of In* fantry, but not to hold other Commission.

Quarter Master appointed, but shall not hold other Commission.

A.D. 1812, 52° GEORGII III. C. 68.

Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quarter Master may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that such Quarter Mailer shall not be capable of holding any Commission, or receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company in the Local Militia, during the time of his being such Quarter Mailer as aforesaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Mailer in the Local Militia, shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company, nor shall any Person holding the Commission of Captain of a Company be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon or Quarter Mailer of Local Militia,

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay, during the time he shall serve as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain. Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer or Surgeon in the Local Militia, but that the lame shall oevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so entitled to Half Pay and serving as aforesaid shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do swear, that I had not, between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in late Regiment of

save and except my Pay as [Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant,

Quarter Mailer or Surgeon, as the case maybe], for serving in the Local Militia.9

And the taking of the said Oath, shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be appointed to the Local Militia, in the following Proportions; that is to say, there shall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Twenty Private Men; and there shall be Two Drummers to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confining of Five or more Companies as aforesaid; and all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, not being retained on permanent Pay at Head Quartet? in the manner herein after directed, shall take the Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by Persons chosen by Ballot to serve in the Local Militia; and that all Seneants, Corporals and Drummers, who may have contented or been engaged to remain on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as herein after directed, shall take the following Oath; that is to say,

I yf. B, do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be true and faithful, and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George, and that I will faithfully serve in the Local Militia within Great Britain, for the Defence of the fame, until I shall be legally discharged.9

And all such Seneants, Corporals and Drummers, receiving permanent Pay as such from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be deemed to be engaged, and shall be compellable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, until they shall be legally discharged, and when not in actual Service shall be new clothed once in Two Years: And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Two or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps, confiding of Three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major: Provided always, that no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed, or of serving or receiving permanent Pay as an Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer in the Local Militia.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer whether upon permanent Pay, or otherwise, may be discharged by the Colonel or other Commandant, and the said Colonel or other Commandant may appoint any proper Person in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who shall die, desert, be dismissed or discharged, all which Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, so appointed, shall take the like Oath as is hereinbefore required to be taken by Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers respectively.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty's Lieutenant for any .County, Stewartry or Place, or the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be defirou6 of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than is herein directed to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the Ute of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commandant, to retain in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps, any Number of the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number established by this Act, or at any time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps; and all such Drummers so retained or in future engaged to serve in any such Corps as Filers or Musicians, shall be deemed Drummers of Local Militia within the Meaning of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to tty? fame Orders, Regulations, Penalties and Punishments as other Drummers of Local Militia are by this Act subject, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and Clothing as other Drummers have, or better Clothing in lieu thereof^ and no longer.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Local Militia when drawn out and embodied shall be entitled to the fame Pay and Allowances, for themselves and Families, according to their respective Ranks, as His Majesty's other Militia Forces when drawn out and embodied.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia under this Act shall, upon being assembled for Training and Exercise under this Act, be entitled to a Sum not exceeding 52 Geo. III. 5 M*Ten

809

No Adjutant, &c. api>oiiited Captain of Company, nor any Captain tppointed Adjutant, &c.

Half Pay Office) s serving may receive Half Pay on taking following

Oath.

Proportion* of Non Commission Officers and Drummers*

Oath to be t ikea

by Non Commission Officers and Drummers on Permanent

p V-

Serjeant Majon and Drum Majors appointed, but no Publican shall l'eive at Serjeant, &c.

Commandants may discharge Serjeants, &c. and apQpint others.

ExtraDrummers kept as Fifers or Musicians, at Expence of Regiment.

Local Militia when embodied entitled to lame Pay, &c. as Regular Militia. Local Militia entitled to Al-

8io

I emmet fog Neccflaiits*

Fror'db.

His Majesty may put Local Militia under Command of General Officers;

and may order it to be called out yearly to be trained.

Men not trained for more than 28 Days in a Year, nor be ordered to march from County m which enrolled.

In what case Local Militia may be marched into adjoining County.

His Majesty may difmifr any Part of such Militia Men, and discontinue Training, &c.

Men may remove from one County to another;

[Penalty.]

but not during Period of Training.

C. 68. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Ten Shillings and Six pence for the First Year of his Service, and Five Shillings and Three pence for ea0^ succeeding Year of Service, to be paid to the Captain commanding the Company to which fneb Man shall belong, for the Purpose of providing and keeping up such Neceflanes for such Person as may be specified in any Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State to that Effect; and all such Sams of Mooey shall, at the Conclusion of each Period ot Exercise or Service as aforesaid, be accounted for, by the Captain commanding each Company, to the Quarter Matter of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Captain (KaR belong; and the Residue, if any, paid to such Quarter Matter, who shall account for the same to the Secretary at War: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive any Allowance for Neceflanes, who shall not have been present during the whole of the Period of Annual Exerdfe.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to pot the Local MOida enrolled under this Act, when assembled for Training or Exerdfe in time of War, or when embodied as herein after mentioned, in like manner as the Regular Militia when embodied, under the Command of such General Officers of his Regular Forces, as His Majesty shall please to appoint; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and dirrd that the Local Militia to be raised under this Act, shall be called out within thdr respective Counties or Stewartries in each Year, at such times, in such manner, and in such Proportions, and under such Regulations as His Majesty shall direct in that behalf, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, regard being had u> the local Circumstances of each County and Stewartry, and to the Seasons most important to the Course of Industry and Cultivation within the same; and the Periods and Places for such Exerdfe shall be appointed by the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties and Stewartries with the Approbation of His Majesty: Provided always, that no Local Militia Men under this Act shall be trained or exercised any greater Number of Days in the whole in each Year than Twenty eight entire Days, exclusive of Days of arriving at and Departure from and marching to and from the Place appointed for Exerdfe (for which extra Days the Pay and Subsistence allowed to His Majesty's Forces on March shall be allowed); and no such Local Militia shall be ordered to march for such Training and Exercise out of the County or Stewartry within which any such Local Militia shall have been enrolled, unless as herein after directed.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty by any Order notified by his Secretary of State, upon the Application of the Lieutenant of any County or Stewartry in which the principal Town or Towns of such County or Stewartry shall not afford sufficient Accommodation for the

guartering of the Local Militia of the County or Stewartry, during the Training and Exercising of such ocal Militia, or in any case in which it may be more convenient with respect to the Residence of the Persons enrolled in such Local Militia, and to the Distance which such Persons may have to march for the Purpose of being trained and exerdfed, to authorize and allow, and to order the Local Militia of such County or Stewartry, or any Regiments or Regiment thereof, or any Detachment or Company of any such Regiment, to be marched into any adjoining County or Stewartry, for the Purpose of training and exercising; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall have been so called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order of His Prindpal Secretary of State, at any time that he may think fit, to order and direct any Part or Proportion of such Local Militia to be dismissed, and its Exercise to be discontinued 5 and from time to time again to direct the assembling of any such Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, as to His Majesty may seem necessary, according to the Rules and Provision8 in this Act contained.

XC. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person enrolled to serve as a Private in the Local Militia under this Act shall be desirous of removing from one County, Stewartry or Place, to another County, Stewartry or Place, at any time or times during the Period of his Service, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon giving Notice in Writing to his Commanding Officer, who shall certify the same to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or the Clerk of the Lieutenancy of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Local Militia Man intends to remove; and every such Local Militia Man so removing, shall be received into the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place, if there be any Local Militia enrolled in such County, Stewartry or Place; and if not, into the Local Militia of some adjoining County, Stewartry or Place, to that to which he shall have removed, and shall continue to serve therein for the Remainder of the Term for which he shall have been enrolled; and every such Local Militia Man who shall not present himself to the Deputy Lieutenants of some Subdivision in such County, Stewartry or Place, or such adjoining County, Stewartnr or Place as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being enrolled in the Local Militia thereof, and who shall not transmit to the Commanding Officer 01 the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from which he shall have removed, \yithin One Month after the Expiration of such Annual Training, a Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps into which he may have been received, of his having been duly trained and exercised in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall forfeit double the Sum which such Person would have forfeited if he had not appeared to he trained and exercised in the Local Militia in which he was ballotted under this Act; and every Person who shall again remove, or who shall proceed to any other County, Stewartry or Place, than that of which he shall have first given Notice, shall in like manner again give Notice, and transmit Certificates as aforesaid: ^Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Person enrolled to serve as a Local Militia Man, to remove from one County, Stewartry or Place, to another County, Stewartry or Place, during the time that the Regiment to which he belongs shall be assembled, without having first obtained the Consent of his Commanding Officer expressed in Writing.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 68. 811

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or for the Lord Lieute-Vice Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, or for the Sheriff of any County, or Stewart of any n«nt, &c. mir Stewartry, or, in the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant and Vice Lieutenant and Sheriff of any County, Stewartry or Place, for any Two Justices of the Peace, and One Deputy Lieutenant, to call out and assemble the preffiori of Riots, Local Militia, or any Part of the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, for the Suppression of any and Men not Riot or Tumults in such County, Stewartry or Place, or in any adjoining County, Stewartry or Place; and appearing, every Person then enrolled in the Local Militia so called out as aforesaid, who shall not appear and join his Penalty. Regiment, within such time and at such Place as shall be specified in any Notice or Notices put upon the Door of his Parish Church, or otherwise publicly given, shall be subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in this Act, for not appearing when the Local Militia shall be assembled for Training and Exercise: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justice or Deputy Lieutenant to remit the Whole or any Part of any Fine or Penalty incurred for not appearing, upon Proof that the Person not appearing was prevented by Absence or any unavoidable Cause from receiving such Notice, or appearing as aforesaid; and all when so called such Local Militia, when so called out and assembled on such Service as aforesaid, mall be deemed to be out, deemed assembled for Training and Exercise under this Act; and all Provisions relating to the Local Militia when assembled for assembled for Training and Exercise shall apply to the Local Militia called out upon such Service as aforesaid, Training, and and all Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercise under this Act: Pro- t#

vided always, that when any Local Militia shall be so called out as aforesaid, the same shall be immediately state j^but not notified to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for His Majesty's Approbation thereof: Pro- kept so afltra-vided also. That no such Local Militia shall be liable to be kept assembled upon any such Service for any bled more than longer Period than Twenty eight Days in any One Year; and if any such Service mall arise after any such DaysinOnt Local Militia shall have been trained and exercised for the full Period of Twenty eight Days in such Year, then Year* and in such case the Days of such Service shall be deemed Part of the Days of Training and Exercising of the succeeding Year.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That any Person able and fit to serve, being a Serjeant on the Efta- Serjeants of blishment of Chelsea Hospital, or being an Out Pensioner on the Establishment of the said Hospital, and p0fP, taI

being appointed to serve as a Serjeant in the Local Militia, may and shall receive the Allowance to which he sioners^may re-is entitled on the Establishment of the said Hospital, together with his Pay from the said Local Militia; and Ceive Allow-any Person who shall have faithfully served on Permanent Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in the ances therefrom, Local Militia for Twenty Years, or any Person who having previously served as a Serjeant, Corporal, Drum- together with mer or Private Man in the Regular Army, or as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Regular Militia,

shall by Service in the Local Militia make up on the whole such Period of Twenty Years Service in the Serjeants, &c. Army, Militia, and Local Militia taken together, and who shall be discharged on Account of Age or Infir- having served in mity, shall, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Local Militia ao Corps to-which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Stew- Y?a« m*y r-artry or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or in «, v Chelfos the Absence of the said Lieutenant! on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant, and Three en on* or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Stewartry or Place, be entitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be capable of being placed on the Establishment of the said Hospital at the Pension of Five pence per Diem, if the said Board shouldjudge him deserving thereof.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That, during such time as any Local Militia shall be assembled for the During time st Purpose of being trained and exercised, or for the Suppression of any Riot or Tumult as aforesaid, all the Exercise, Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and in the howfiw in force. Articles of War made in pursuance of such Act, shall be in force with respect to such Local Militia, and to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the fame, in all cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishraent shall extend to Life or Limb; and that it shall be lawful for the Officer command- Officer coming and present with any Detachment or Division of Local Militia called out to Exercise under any of the ma, din8 Division Provisions of this Act, not being under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he shall think it necessary, a Regimental Court Martial to be held for the Trial of any Offence committed by any Serjeant, Corporal, Kxerciiv! not Drummer or private Man, under and during his Command; and if a sufficient Number of Officers shall not be being under present to constitute such Court Martial, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Rank of Captain Battalion or Corp6 of Local Militia, to which auy such Detachment or Division of Local Militia shall belong, mayorder and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by the Officer commanding such Detachment or Division for that Purpose, to order a sufficient Number of Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Purpose Commandant of of assisting at such Court Martial, who shall forthwith attend the fame, and assist as Members thereof; and Regiment on the Sentence of every such Court Martial shall in every case be submitted to the Colonel or other Commandant Application, of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Detachment or Division shall belong, or (in his Absence order (bf- from the County, Stewartry or Place) to the Senior Field Officer within the same, for his Approval thereof, who shall cause such Sentence to be put in Execution, mitigated or remitted, as he shall in his Discretion tend^but Sen-think best for the Service: Provided always, that every such Court Martial which may have been assembled tence submitted for the Trial of any Offender as aforesaid, during the Period of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being to Commandant, assembled for Training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, may continue to fit, not-with(landing the Dismissai of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Members composing the Court Martial may belong.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, Non Commissioned Officer and private Man of ^ed^uring bhe Local Militia, who shall during the Period of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong Traiuing tried

5 M Z being afterwards*

812 C. 68.

5^° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Notices of Times and Places of Exercise sent to Subdivision Meetings, who

Men; Notices ad vet tiled and affixed on Church Doors, sufficiem.

being embodied or assembled for Training and Exercise, or for the Suppression of Riot* and Tumults, hare been guilty of any Offence against any Act of Parliament in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance of any such Ad, and shall have been put under Arrest for, or shall have been reported to any Officer of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to have committed such Offence before the Disembodying or Dismissal of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may be tried by any General or Regimental Court Martial confiding of Officers of the Militia or Local Militia, and if found guilty may be punished for such Offence, although the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or private Man dial] belong, mail not then be embodied or assembled, in like manner as any Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or private Man of the Local Militia may be tried during the Period of the Local Militia being embodied.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Local Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall, by Order of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or (in the Absence of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant) of any Three Deputy Lieutenants, be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in the respective Counties, Stewartries shall issue Orders and Places; and shall be advertised Three times in the County or Stewartry Paper, or if any County or for calling out Stewartry shall have no Paper, then in some Newspaper published in Edinburgh; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at some Subdivision Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the said Notices, shall cause the Men serving for such Subdivision to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid, and for that Purpose shall issue Orders directing the Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers within their respective Divisionsand Parishes, which Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice lo advertised or affixed as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in manner herein after directed; and such Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, are hereby required also to give Notice in Writing to the several Local Militia Mui who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such Times and Places respectively, by serving them personally, or by leaving the fame at their usual Place of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Local Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notices respectively.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in every County, Stewartry or Place shall, within the Space of Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notices as aforesaid, from the Clerk of the General Meetings, cause a full and true Lift, specifying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Persons enrolled (within each Subdivision respectively) to serve in such Local Militia, and the Time and Place of Exercise to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, for which such Persons have been enrolled by virtue of this Act, or to such Person as shall nundin^Officers, be appointed by such Commanding Officer to receive the lame, and shall in like manner cause a Duplicate ofc* such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, when not embodied and called out into actual Service, and who shall be called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised as aforesaid, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division to which he shaft belong, and not before.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Local Militia Man shall on his March to the Place where he shall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercise, be disabled by Sickness or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place, or any Provost or Chief Magistrate of any City, Burgh or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand, to order him such Relief as such Justice, Provost or Chief Magistrate, shall think reasonable, and the same shall be given by the Kirk Session of the Parish or Place where such Local Militia Man shall then be; and the Kirk Session giving such Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Quarter Matter of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Local Militia Man shall belong, (such Account being firit allowed under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace) be re-imbursed such Expences by such Quarter Master, who shall be allowed the fame in such Accounts.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Provosts, Bailiffs and other Chief Magistrates, and for all Constables and other Peace Officers of Cities, Burghs, Parishes and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any City, Burgh, Parish or Place, (but for no others) and they and he are and is respectively hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men serving in the Local Militia at the times bodied may order when they shall be called out to annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houses, Viduailing Houses, Lodgings, &c. and a]] Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin, by Retail, upon Application made to any such Provosts, Bailiffs or other Chief Magistrates, or for any Constables, or other Peace Officers of His Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Local Militia, of the County, Stewartry or Place w here they shall be so called out to Exercise as aforesaid; and whe.i the Local Militia is not embodied, nor called out to Exercise as aforesaid, all Provosts and other Chief Magistrates and Officers aforesaid, or (in their Default or Absence) any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they and he are and is hereby respectively required to order and provide convenient Lodging, with Fire and

Candle*

Constables 10 g ve written Notices to Men to attend.

Clerks of Subdivision Meetings to fend Lilts cf Men enrolled, ond the time and Place of Exercise, to Coro-

When Pay of Men called out to Exercise to commence.

Local Militia Man falling sick on March how relieved.

Mag*strates may b'llet Local Militia when called out to annual Exercit'c, and when not em

for Non Commissioned Officers and Drum, snc'.s.

A.D. 181

52 GEORGII m.

C. 68. 813

Returns of Local Militia when called out

Candle, in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Lbtal Militia on per* manent Pay.

C. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, Justices to grant or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, any Justice of the Peace of any County, Stewartry or Place, being for.

thereunto required by an Order from the Lieutenant or from any Deputy Lieutenant of such Cotinty, Stewartry r

or Place, or from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment^|ts March, or Division of Local Militia, being within such County, Stewartry or Place, may and shall issue his Warrant, specifying the Carriages necessary to convey the Arms, Cloths, Accoutrements, Ammunition and other Stores of any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Local Militia, and the Person or Persons by whom the same shall be fumished, with the Number of Men who shall be required to drive the fame 5 and in case such Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Stewartry, Parish or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for any adjoining County, Stewartry, Parish or Place, may and shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn to him, issue his Warrant for such Carnages and Men as shall be necessary to make up Rates peid for the Deficiency; and the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detach- Carriages, ment or Division of Local Militia for which such Carnages and Men shall be required to be provided as aforesaid, shall pay to the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, such Rate per Mile as shall be fixed by such Justice, and specified in such Warrant, not exceeding Four pence for every Mile any Cart with one Horse shall travel, and so in Proportion for any Number of Carriages drawn by any greater Number of Horses; and every Person so ordered to provide such Carriages and Men is hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly, for one Day's Journey and no more.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion or Cores of Local Militia, or any Local Militi# Detachment or Division thereof as aforesaid, shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, Men when or for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every E^eixifeput Company, to put the Local Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding Four pence per Day, umjer stoppages for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with such other Necessaries as shall be specified in any for providing Order from the Secretary of State to that Effect, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which rhem with shall have been broken or damaged by any such Local Militia Man's Neglect: Provided always, that every such L, Den»&c* Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Local Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deduced what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining f if any there shall be) into the Hands of the Local Militia Man to whom the fame belongs, before such Local Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise, or such Assembly.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Bat. talion and Corps of Local Militia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion or Cores shall be called out to Exercise as before directed, and within Fourteen Days from the time of assembling, mall and he is hereby required to to be exercise(j return to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place to which the fame belongs, a true State of such tobe made by*Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meetings, to be kept by Colonel, Sec. him; and all such Lifts shall state the Numbers actually present, adding thereto the Names of those that have to County been absent without Leave of the Commandant, or without transmitting Certificates of Health 5 and where the Set,

Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised in Parts or Proportions successively in manner directed by this Act, the Officer commanding every such Part or Proportion for the time being shall, within Seven Days after the assembling of such Part or Proportion, make a Return of the State of the Local Militia exercised by him or under his Command to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Local Militia so exercised shall belong, on Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Omission 5 and the Colonel or Commanding Officer receiving such Return shall. Penalty, within Fourteen Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have been so assembled, shall have been received by him, transmit a General Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which such Local Militia shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be kept by him; and in case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for Three Months N«gle&. after the time herein appointed for making such Returns, so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay penalty, the Stun of Fifty Pounds.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company of Loci] Captains of Com. Militia called out to Exercise under this Act shall, during the time of such Exercise, make out a correct and Panif»10 accurate Return of the State of the Gaffes of the Men belonging to his Company, arranged according to the Ad'utan^or °* Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), specifying the several Particulars therein mentioned, vhere none, for and the Subdivision to which every such Man shall belong, and shall deliver or transmit the same to the Ad- Commanding jutant of the Regiment* Battalion or Corps, or where there shall be no Adjutant, to the Commanding Officer Officer, who of the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which such Company shall belong; and such Ad- make°ut jutant or Commanding Officer, as the case may be, shall, within One Mon^th after every such Exercise as aforesaid, prepare and make out a general and accurate Return of all such Classes, according to such Form* and to t lerk of with such Specification as aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and General Meet-shall also transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings within the County, Stewartry or Place, to the inv, and necef-Local Militia of which he shall belong, Extracts of such Return, containing the State of t"ne Classes of Men belonging to their respective Subdivisions, and such Subdivision Clerks shall forthwith corrcd the Books of visions* who^all Enrolment of their respective Subdivisions, so ns to correspond accurately with such Return; and the Clerk correct Books of to the General Meetings shall forthwith, upon Receipt of such Return as aforesaid, and within Two Months Lnrolments after the Expiration of such Exercise as aforesaid, make out and transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal therefrom. Secretaries of State, correct Abllrads of all such Returns as aforesaid, made out in the Form in the Schedule c\e[£t0 P60*

marked ralMce; m*

8i4 C. 68.

52 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

within certain marked (E.) to thii A & annexed; and every Person so required as aforesaid to make any such Return, who

Period jotranf- shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make the fame in manner aforesaid, at the Period hereby required for that

of Siate, Ab*7 Purpose» for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

fira& of Retuim. CIV. And be it further enacted, That every Local Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity inca-Neglecting. pacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercised according to the

Penalty. Directions of this Act (Notice having been published and given as by this Act required), shall be deemed a

ckrter» an<i not taken until after the time of any such Exercise, mall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twentr pounds; and also every Local Militia Man, who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Division thereof, shall desert or absent himself during the time of any such Exercise, and shall not be taken until after the time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any Local Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence, shall commit such Local Militia Man to the House of Correction to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail, for any Space not exceeding Three Months, and not less than Fourteen Days, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

CV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Local Militia Man shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return and voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other Officer, Commissioned or Non Commissioned, commanding at the City or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, shall be deposited, or shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Local Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, or any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to ferveand be returnedto such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the Room of such Local Militia Man; and in case such Local Militia Man shall at any time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same manner and for the fame Term as if no Person had been chosen in his Room.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Local Militia shall be marked distinctly in some visible Place with the Letters (L. M), and the Name of the County, Stewartry or Place to which they belong; and in case any Local Militia Man shall fell, pawn, or lose or wilfully damage any of his Arms, Cloths, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or neglect or refuse to return when required to do so the fame in good Order to his Captain, or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Local Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if such Local Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol for any time not exceeding Three Months, or until he shall have paid such Penalty.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or otherwise improperly receive any Local Militia Arms, Cloths or Accoutrements, or any such Articles belonging to any Local Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or may have been specified as such in any Order from His Majesty's Secretary of State to that Effect, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by the Money allowed under this Act for providing Necessaries, or by Deductions out of his Pay, or any public Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Local Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so

ing at Exercise, or absenting. Penalty.

Iwpnfonmeat.

Men absenting and not returning, or not taken within Three Months, others ^allotted for.

Such Men returning, &c. compelled to serve.

Muskets

marked.

Selling Arms, &c.c r neglecting to return them in good Order. Penalty.

Buying I.ocal Militia Arms Ice.

[Penalty.]

Impril'onment.

When Local

Militia not embodied, how Adjutants, Src. nay be tried.

Commandant, See. may order any Officers of

offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Effects whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail for the Space of Six Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine, or shall cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice; and it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to order him to be detained in Custody until a Return shall be made to the Warrant of Distress.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Quarter Master, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major and Drummer of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as herein after directed, shall be at all times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishipg Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles ot War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War, committed during the time such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied or assembled for the Purpose of Training and Exercise, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer qi* private Man of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have deserted while the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps was embodied, and shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been disembodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That, if a sufficient Number of Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it shall be lawful fur the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field

1J Office?

v^»

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68. 815

Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Con>9 to which the Person bn whom such Court Martial is to be held, Local Militia, shall belong, to order any Officers of the Local Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, ^(rif^at* Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, to attend and Coon Martial, assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and assist accord*- but not entitled ingly, but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendances Provided always, that no to Pay. Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or 1^tion

Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put in Execution, until it mail have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled. by Colonel, &c.

[Proviso.]

CX. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Local Militia, may, by Non Commis-Sentence of u Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private Local Militia Man, to serve as such fiooed Officers, during any time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which be be-longs, shall not be then embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service to serve as aforesaid, until charged.' the aifembodying of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, after which time or at the End of the said Fifteen Months, as the case may be, it not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service: Provided always, that in case any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer serving on Permanent Pay, shall have been reduced by Sentence of a Court Martial to serve as a Private Man, for any Period not exceeding Fifteen Months, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall not by such Reduction be released from his Engagement as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, but shall at the Expiration of the Period of such Reduction be again liable to serve as such until legally discharged; nor shall any such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, during the Period of such Reduction, be at Liberty to enlist or enter into His Majesty's Regular Forces, Navy, Marines or Regular Militia, unless with the Consent of his Commanding Officer specified in Writing.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Court Martial assembled for the Courts Martial Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man of the Local Militia, to sentence any such Serjeant, m*y sentence to Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to serve in the Local Militia, for any Period not exceeding Four Years, x^forReeu-over and above the Period for which he may be already enrolled; or to sentence any such Serjeant, Corporal, hr Militia; Drummer or Private Man to serve for any Period not exceeding Three Years, in the Regular Militia of the County, Stewartry and Place; and such Man shall thereupon be enrolled to serve for any such Periods, and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, considered a Militia Man during such Period; and it shall also be lawful or to Imprison-for any General or Regimental Court Martial, by whom any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummeror Private ment*

Man may have been sentenced to Imprisonment, to adjudge any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, to be imprisoned in any House of Correction, Common Gaol, or public Prison of the County,

Stewartry and Place, for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall, if required so to do by Gaolers to re -any President of a General or Regimental Court Martial assembled for the Trial of any Serjeant Corporal, ceive Prisoner* Drummer or Pqvate Man of the Local Militia, receive into their Custody, and confine for such time as they wh^reqmred shall be respectively required so to do, any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man who may have Cour^MaitiaL been sentenced to Imprisonment by any such General or Regimental Court Martial; and every Gaoler and Keeper of a Prison who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, that during the Con- Penaky* tinuance of any such Imprisonment, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Gaol shall receive the full Subsistence of r0V1 °* such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, at the Rate of Six pence fer Day for his Maintenance,

'during the time that such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man shall continue in Custody; which Sum of Six pence per Day shall be paid by the Quarter Master of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which any such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man may belong, and shall be charged and allowed in his Accounts.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Commanding Battalion, Corps or Detachment of Local Militia shall deem it necessary to confine any Serjeant, Corporal, Officers may im-Drummer or Private Man of the Regiment under his Command, in order to his being brought to Trial before Ppf°n Men Prc-a Court Martial, it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer, by Warrant under his Hand, to commit such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, Gaol or 1

[Proviso.]

house of Correction, who shall receive into his Custody and confine such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man accordingly, such Gaoler receiving the full Pay of such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man, for his Maintenance during the time he may continue in such Confinement s Provided always, that no

'such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or Private Man shall continue in Confinement, in order to his Trial by Court Martial, more than Eight Days, or until a Court Martial can conveniently be assembled.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores, belonging Arms, fcc. when to every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place Load Militia not as the Colonel or other Commandant shall direct, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, f"1* ktyt Stewartry or Place; and that the Quarter Master to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, SV/com-'shall have the Charge and Care of such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores, under the Supenn- mandant with tendence of the Colonel or other Commandant; and it shall be lawful for the Clerks of the General Meetings Approbation of of Lieutenancy, at the Desire of the Colonel or other Commandant, to draw upon the Collector of the Cess County Lieute-t>f each County, Stewartry and Place respectively, for any SumnecefTary for the Purpose of providing a proper pnt, lof oUndflr 'Place for keeping such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Stores, not exceeding the Proportion of Ten Rafter. ^uirt*

Pounds

816 C. 58.

51° GEORGII III.

A.IXl8l2.

[Proviso.]

H>$ Majesty may order Proportion of Serjeants, &c. to remain on permanent Pay. Commandant of Corps may agree with Non Corn-mini oned Officers, &c. to serve on reduced Pay, who shall take the following

Oath.

Pounds Sterling for each Six hundred Men in any one Year; and which Sum shall be paid to the Colonel or other Commandant, requiring such Clerk to draw for the fame, and shall be applied by him in providing such. Depot, and shall be regularly accounted for by the Production of Receipts for the Money expended in providing such Depot, which Receipts shall be delivered to the Collector of the Cess, and shall be. a Discharge to him m his Accounts, and shall be delivered by him as Cash to the Receiver General of the Cess or Land Tax in Scotland; and it shall be lawful for the General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County or Stewartry to order and direct a fit, proper and convenient Place for the Purpose of keeping the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Stores of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to he provided or built, if no such fit, proper and convenient Place can be found, the Hire or Cost of which Place shall be certified by the General Meeting of Lieutenancy to the Clerk or Clerks of Supply of the County or Stewartry, Counties or Stewartries, wherein or for which such Place of Depot ought to have been provided; and such Clerk or Clerks of Supply shall thereupon summon a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply to be held within Twenty one Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, and the Commissioners of Supply shall at such Meeting make an Assessment for such Expence, in the manner and to be levied as is herein directed in the case of Deficiencies in the Quotas of Local Militia to be raised in any County or Stewartry: Provided always, that in all cases in which any such fit, proper and convenient Place shall be lo ordered by the General Meeting of Lieutenancy to be provided or built, the Sum hereinbefore directed to be allowed to the Colonel or other Commandant of each Regiment for providing the fame, shall be paid to such Colonel or other Commandant, and shall be by him applied in Diminution of the Sum to be levied upon such County or Stewartry, for the Purpose of defraying the Hire or Cost of such Depot.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that such Proportion of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, not exceeding One Half of each Rank, together with the Adjutant, Quarter Master and Staff Serjeants, of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall remain on permanent Pay, at the Head Quarters of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps, as His Majesty shall order and direct.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which His Majesty, by his Secretary of State or otherwise, shall have ordered and directed, or shall hereafter order and direct, that the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia allowed to remain on permanent Pay, shall be reduced in any Proportion below One Half of each Rank as herein after specified respectively, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Lieutenant in case the Lieutenant shall be absent, and of His Majesty's Secretary of State, to agree with the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or any of them, or with any other Persons willing to engage to serve as such, notwithstanding the Number so willing to engage may exceed the Half of each Rank, to serve as Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers upon any reduced Pay, during the Periods of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, in such manner as to the Number of Days* Pay to be allowed, or the Reduction of any Proportion of the Pay per Diem, as shall be authorized by the Secretary of State in that Behalf; and every Serjeant, Corporal ana Drummer, agreeing to serve as such upon any such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath before some Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace of the County, or Magistrateof the Place to the Local Militia of which he shall belong; which Oath every such Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, is hereby authorized to administer; that is to say,

I A.B. do engage to serve as a [Seneant, Corporal or Drummer, as the case may be]

of until I shall be duly discharged, upon the Terms of receiving

during such Periods as such Local Militia shall not be embodied or assembled for Exercise.*

in the Local Militia

Non Commission Officers, &c. to relide within certain Difiance of Place \vhere Anp> kept, and fie under Command of Adjutant; and Monthly Returns ol Sute

And every such Oath shall be reduced to Writing, and signed and attested by the Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate administering the fame, and delivered to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof shall, if required, be given to the said Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer io engaging to serve on such reduced Pay as aforesaid, shall be compellable to serve in the Local Militia for the full Period of his Service, in the same manner as if he had received the full Pay of his Rank therein, and shall be subject to the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and it shall be lawful for any Commanding Officer of Local Militia who shall engage any Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers to serve upon such reduced Pay, to retain such Number, of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers as shall be allowed by His Majesty's Secretary of State in that Behalf^ so as that the whole Amount of such reduced Pay shall not exceed the Amount of the full Pay of the Number allowed in any such Order of Reductiou as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Quarter Master, and all the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, on permanent Pay in every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Local Militia, shall constantly be resident within the City, Town or Place, where the Arms belonging to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps are kept, or within One Mile thereof, excepting when on Furlough as herein after directed, or when ordered to be absent on Military Duty, under this Act, or for the Purpose of raffing or enlisting Men for the Regular Militia or His Majesty's Regular Forces, (which Absence shall in no case be for more than Three Months in any One Year, nor shall any greater Number than One Fourth Part of such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers be absent at any One time) and such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be under the Command of the Adjutaut, who shall be constantly resident within the said City, Town or Place, or within Two Miles thereof, (unless as herein-

3. ater

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68.

after provided) and shall a6^ in such Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and that the Adjutant, and, in his occasional and unavoidable Absence, the Serjeant Major, or (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjeant shall make Monthly Returns of the true State of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps Severally, to His Majesty's Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the County or Stewartry, and to the Colonel or other Commandant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in Default of which, on each such Neglect, such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall be subject to such Punishment as a Court Martial shall adjudge 5 and that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent from such City, Town or Place, without a regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, Signed by his Colonel or other Commandant; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who shall absent himself without such Furlough or Licence, shall forfeit all Pay during the time of such, Absence, and Be liable to be apprehended and pumShed as a Deserter 5 and such Adjutant shall never absent himself from such City* Town or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion of Corps, nor for more than Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in cases of Sickness: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Adjutaut shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Cor-porals and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Quarter Mailer, Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the said Colonel or Other Commandant; to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant or of the Senior Serjeant, when the Corps has not any Adjutant or Serjeant Major.

CXVIII. And be it Further enabled, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty at any time to order and direct that the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia retained on permanent Pay at Head Quarters as aforesaid, Should be employed within their respective Counties or Stewartries under the Command of the Adjutant, in raising Volunteers for His Majesty's Regular Forces or for the Militia: Provided always, that no such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, who shall have consented to receive any reduced Rate of Pay during the Period of the Regiment to which he belongs not being embodied or assembled for Exercise, shall be compellable to be employed on fuefi Service in any other Town or Place than that in which the Arms belonging to such Reg irnent are kept, without his Con fen t Specified in Writing.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Local Militia Man shall not join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, Detachment or Division to which he belongs, at the time of annual Exercise, or shall desert during the time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the time appointed for such Exercise, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment or Dirifion to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment* Battalion* Corps, Detachment or Division, at the time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the time of annual Exercise, (as the case may be) and fend the fame by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Bat-talion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Corps, of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein such Offender is supposed to be or reside; and the Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant, t6 whom such Certificates shall be sent, shall forthwith direct a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, to aiuft in apprehending such Offender, and conveying him before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Platte, wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia of the next County, Stewartry or Place in the way to the County, Stewartry or Place to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, Or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, who shall caute him to be conveyed in like manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the next County, Stewartry or Place, and so in like manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Senior Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, of the Corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace1, to be dealt with as this Act directs in cases of Local Militia Men deserting or absenting themselves from their Duty when not embodied or balled out into actual Service; and from the time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until he i* brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be subsisted at the Rale of Six pence per Day, to be paid by the Collector of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs. For which Subsistence such Justice is hereby required to make such Order upon such Collector, Erlich, with the Receipt taken upon Payment, shall be received as Cash by the Receiver General of Scotland from such Collector; and if any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, retained upon permanent Pay, shall desert from the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Headborough, Constable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such fuipebfed Person 5 and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such lufpe&ed Person is such Deserter- such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction or other public Prison io the Town or Place in or 52 Geo. III. 5 X near

817

made to Secretary of S.ace,

Ac.

Serjeant, Arc. absent without Leave.

[Penalty.]

Adjutant absent without Leave, or for more than Three Month* in the Year, except in Sickness, &c.

Serjeants, &c. ordered to raise Vv'lunt^en for Regular Forces or Militia.

Method of proceeding when Information is received of Residence of J<oc«l Militia Man who shall not join at annual Esercife, or shall detert during it, and not he appre-heuded.

Method of proceeding where Person* are found lulpelted to be Non Commissioned Officer* or Drummers who hivs deserted.

GnoV^s to receive Subfiiteice of Deserters while confined, 'At no Fae.

Gaolers to receive and confine Deserters. Penalty.

Serjeants, &c. conveying De-terters, or on March to be billetted.

Persons apprehending Delcr-rers p.: id aos. by Warrant of J u it ice before whom convicted.

Concealing,

&c. Deserters. Penalty.

His Majesty may order .Local Militia to be embodied in cases of Invasion, he. and put under Command of General Officers, and led by respective Officers, into any part of G. B; and while

C. 68. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which such Deserter belongs; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive the full Subfillence of such Deserter at the Rate above specified for his Maintenance, during the time he shall coutinue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the General Meetings, receiving such Account, shall immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of his Comity, Stewartry or Place; and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps retained on permanent Pay at the Head Quarters; and where there are more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps in any County, Stewartry or Place, such Clerk shall fend such Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants or Commanding Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps, and also to each of the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, retained on permanent Pay at their respective Head Quarters, within his County, Stewartry or Place; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to fend any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall also fend by such Serjeant* Corporal or Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding such Party of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand, to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom, such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case One only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Stewartry or Place where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under his Command, to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps or Senior Serjeant of the Coras to which he belongs, in the same manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of Private Local Militia Men.to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol, House of Correction or other public Prison of such County, Stewartry or Place, where he shall remain, without Bail, until a Court Martial can and shall be summoned, and held for the Trial of such Deserter, according to the Provisions of this Act, when he shall be delivered to the Person or Persons named in any Order to be issued for that Purpose, under the Hand of the Officer by whose Authority such Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the Delivery of such Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do by any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, employed in conveying any such Local Militia Man or Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer so offending to the Regiment, Battalion or Coras to which he belongs) receive into their Custody, and confine such Offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding Forty eight Hours 5 and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, while they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Local Militia while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal Authority, shall be billetted in like manner, as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to His Majesty's other Forces, employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters, are to be billetted,

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Deserter shall bt brought, shall and may, upon Proof of the Conviction of any such Deserter, either before a Justice of the Peace, or by Sentence of a Court Martial, issue his Warrant to the Quarter Mailer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Deserter shall belong, or to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Quarter Master or such Commanding Officer to pay out of the Contingent Fund of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Person who shall have apprehended such Deserter; and such Quarter Master or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly on Demand.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual Invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast of any Part of the United Kingdom, and in all cases of Rebellion and Insurrection, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council or Proclamation, to draw out and embody such Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion thereof, and to direct all or any of such Local Militia Men to be marched to any Part of Great Britain for the Prevention and repelling of any such Invasion, or for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Iafurre&ion, and to keep and continue such Local Militia so embodied for any Period His Majesty may deem requisite, not exceeding Six. Weeks after the Enemy shall have been prevented or repelled, or driven from the Coail, or after such Rebellion or Insurrection^ shall have been suppressed; and from the time of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia being called out. and embodied as aforesaid, until the same shall be returned again to its own County*

& Stewartry

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 68.

819

so embodied, subject-to Mutiny At\ and Articles of War

When Local Militia is ordered to be drawn out, County Lieutenants to issue

other Forces nor coniranwife.

Local Militia Men not march-'

Stewartry or Place, and disembodied by His Majesty's Order, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers,

Drummers and private Men of every such Regiment, Battalion or Corp^, shall be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pyr-fuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Ait, and Articles of War, shall be in force with respect to the Local Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the Local Militia, while embodied as aforesaid, in all cases whatsoever.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole, nor any Part of the Local L0c. 1l Militia Militia directed by this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out not orderv<i out of Great Britain. of G. B.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall cause the Local Militia to be drawn Proclamation out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation for Meeting of as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of i>a, l'a, Tleat* the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and act in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, ffs if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Stewartry or Place) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order from His Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole of the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his 0$ their Order to the Constables, Schoolmasters or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places within their Orders, respective Counties, Stewartries or Places; and such Constables, Schoolmasters or other Officers, are hereby Notice to attend, required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Local Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective rarishes, Tythings or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the Local Militia shall fit iirany Court Local Militia Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces, or in the Regular Officers not to Militia; nor shall any Officer, serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces, fit in any Court Martial upon 0t 00 T,*k of the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall be confirmed to prevent any Officer of the Regular Militia from fitting in a Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Local Militia.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Local Militia, ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Local Militia Man shall be \mpwiuMC9

liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be 0 r er* then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War, made in pursuance of the fame; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any Concealing, such Local Militia Man, when ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Local Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Pounds.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from the Date of His Majesty's Order in Council or Pro- Local Militia ckmation as aforesaid, for drawing out the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, into actual 'vh*n ordere<1 to Service, the Officers and Men of the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall be entitled to e*f °UI. the fame Pay as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's Regular Militia, and no other; and if any Non Com- lame |>ay aJ aiffioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Local Militia, shall be maimed or wounded in such actual Regular Militia; Service, he shall be eaually entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non Commissioned Officer, and entitled to Drummer or private Man belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces. Chelsea Hospital.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Pay of Officers, Drummer and private Man, who shall not join hij Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, on the «1 Men who Day appointed for that Puroofe, shall commence only from the Day of his joining such Regiment, Battalion dull uot j°m °n r Corps, Unless such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man, shall have been prevented ^evemei

from joining on the Day appointed as aforesaid by Sickness or any other inevitable Nccelfity, to be b/Necessity, proved to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps; in which shall commence case such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer or private Man may, by Order of his Commanding only from Day Officer, be accounted with for his Pay from the Date of His Majesty's Order in Council or Proclamation of i0, mn£* act aforesaid.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Local Militia P\v of Men In-of any County, Stewartry or Place, after such Local Militia shall have been embodied and called out into lied after actual Service, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion or ^n^i^wiien Corps to which he shall belong, and not before: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Deputy ^mence! Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace by whom any such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order and Allowance at direct an Allowance to be made to such Person, for the Purpose of enabling him to proceed to and join the Time of Enrd-Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, not exceeding the Kate of the Pay of so many Days nient to en*b*c as would enable him to march from the Place where he was enrolled to the Place where the said Regiment, p^Colkc-Battalion or Corps may be Rationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than Ten Miles per Day, with 0fCounty, the usual Number of halting Days; and the said Allowance of Pay shall be advanced to such Person at the time of his Eurolment by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants

5 N z or

CM.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

When Local Militia ordered out. Collect or

or Justices aforesaid, or One of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Collector of the County, Stewartry or Place, on the Production of a Certificate to that Eifedt, signed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, or One of them; and the said Collector shall be allowed for the fame in his Accountr accordingly.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Collector of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall and is hereby ihidl pay to Cap- required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Local Militia tain of every so ordered out, the Sum of One Guinea for the Use of every private Local Militia Man belonging to his

Company One Company; and the said Collector shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company act* aa a^ore^> the Sum Gne Guinea for every Recruit as early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined Man° and also Company, while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by the said Collector shall be for each Recruit, allowed him in his Accounts); and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so as early as may much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out by him, agreeably be after he has to the Orders which he may receive from the Colonel or other Commandant, in the manner such Colonel or ^nTforhU*ot^er Commandant shall think roost advantageous for the respective Local Militia Men; and such Captain or Advantage. Commanding Officer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he Captains toac- shall have received such One Guinea as aforesaid, account to such Local Militia Man how the said Sum of count with Men One Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the time q£ settling such Account, pay the'"^Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Local Militia Man.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be embodied, and absent from the County, Stewartry or Place to which it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall apply to every Man whose time shall be within Four Months of expiring, and who in his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall dill be fit to serve as a Local Militia Man, and inquire if he is willing to continue in the Service for such Term aB any Man who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price or Sum, not in any case exceeding Two Guineas, he will fp continue; mic an«ior an(^ such Commanding Officer, (ballon the First Day of the Months of January, March, May, July, Sep whatapricer(ball fem^er ar, d November respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the at certain Periods General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Place to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local be transmitted Militia, belongs, a List of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia as he shall find willing to continue in the Service, on such Terms as aforesaid, and which Lift shall be figued by every such Locaf Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the Form in the Schedule marked (r.); and that the signing of the said Lift shall be binding upon the Persons signing the fapie, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, shall be assembled for the Purpose of annual Training and Exercise, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall apply to every Man serving in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps* whose time will expire in the Course of the ensuing Year, who may be of the Height specified in this Act* and between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, and who in his Judgment* and after an Examination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, shall be fit to serve as a Local Militia Man, and who shall not have more than Two

for fame.

When Regiment »*«.: t of County, a Lilt of Men whose time is within Four Months of cx-piling, and who are willing to coutinue in Service, and for

by Commanding Officer to Clerk of General Meetings. Signing Lilt binding.

When Regiment of I.ocal Militia is assembled for Training, Commanding Officer shall make out

are willing to continue Service*.

Clerk of General Meetings shall transmit to Clerk of Subdivision s Extracts of Returns, and De-

Lift of Men who Children under Fourteen Years, and esquire if he is willing to continue his Service for such Term* as anyr<» t». Man who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price qr Sqm, not in any case

exceeding Two Guineas, he will so continue; and such Commanding Officer shall, as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry or Place, to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, a List of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Cofr %; which Lift shall be signed by every such Local Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the Form in the Schedule marked (F.); and the signing of such Lift shall be binding on the Persons signing the fame, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the General Meetings of every County* Stewartry or Place aforesaid, shall, as soon after the Receipt of such Notices as the fame can be done, trauimit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants adding in such Subdivisions, correct Extracts of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract^the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which the Clerk, to whom any such Extract is sent, shall belong; and thereupon putyLieutenants in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants* ^n^o'con611^iey^ink fit, to cause the Men willing to continue to serve as aforesaid, to be enrolled as Volunteers ingtocon- for the particular and respective Parishes or Places for which they shall have been originally enrolled to serve* and in every such case to direct and require the Heritors of such Parish or Place, to pay such Bounty or Bounties to be given to such Men so engaged, immediately upon their Enrolment \ and in case- such Regiment* Battalion or Corps should then be embodied, then to cause such Men to be enrolled as Volunteers in such. Manner as aforesaid, and to order and direct the Heritors as aforesaid to remit such Boupty or Bounties to be given to such Men to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which such Men shall be then, serving, who shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively for the feme; and it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of such Parish to make an Assessment for the Amount of all such Sums so paid or remitted for Bounties, in the manner in which an Assessment is herein directed to be made by such Heritors for Bounties to Volunteers, provided and produced to Deputy Lieutenants by Heritors of Parishes or Places.

Uing to continue to be enrolled os Volunteers, and require Parish Officers to remit Bounties to Pay-mailer.

A.D. 1812. 52<' GEORGII III..C. 68. 821

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall have been enrolled to serve in the Local Allowance to Militia, and whose Term of Service shall be prolonged in the manner herein directed beyond the Term of Four ^en.Years, shall be entitled to the fame Allowance for Necesseries, and all other Allowances which are by this i, tlrokmaedT1* Act directed to be allowed during the First Year of their Service to Persons inrolled in the Local Militia, and shall in like manner be entitled to such Allowances, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so enrolled t<y serve in the Local Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled in the said Local Militia, If any Man en-

inot labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man) shall not with doe shall not )iligence join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia of the County, Stewartry or Place, for which he (hcm°or any ° shall be so sworn and enrolled, (in case such Regiment, Battalion or Company shall then be embodied) accord- Serjeant, &c. ing to such Order as shall be given him in that respect by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of shall desert or them, or by any Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or by any other Person authorized to give absent himself-such Order; or if any Person serving in any embodied Local Militia, or any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer* Proceedings shall desert or absent himself from his Duty j. every such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Local Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and puqished, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the fame, and may by a General Court Martial be adjudged to further Service in the Local or Regular Militia for some Period to be limited, or to Service in His Majesty's other Forces, without Limitation as to the Period or Place of such Service, according as the Court Martial before whom he shall be tried, shall think fit to diceft; and in case the said Court shall adjudge such Local Militia Man to serve in His Majesty's other Forces, and such Sentence shall be approved by His Majesty* it shall be lawful by Order under the Hand of the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to cause such Man, if found fit for general Service, on Examination by a Surgeon of His Majesty's other Forces, to-be entered as a private Soldier, to serve in such Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's other Forces as shall be directed in such Order, and to be forthwith conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so entered, or to such other Place as shall be directed in such Order^and shall, from the time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all 1

the like Penalties and Punishments contained in any Act then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as if he had been originally enlisted for general Service, or for ^he Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so-ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

CXXXVII. And whereas it may be expedient that only such a Proportion of the Local Militia, and iir such of the Counties, Stewartries and Places as shall be specified in any Order of His Majesty, should be drawn put and embodied in the first Instance, and that the Appointment of the private Men necessary to constitute such Proportion, should be made or decided by Ballot or otherwise as is herein after mentioned in each Subdivision or District, without assembling them previously out of the Subdivision or District to which they belong* Be it therefore enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Stewartry or Place, or (in case of Vacancy or in the Absence of the Lieutenant from his County, Stewartry or Place) any Three or Local^Militia or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order of His Majesty for the Purpose of embodying the said Local proportion Militia, or such Part or Proportion thereof as His Majesty shall have judged necessary and ordered to be thereof, to be embodied, shall have been directed, shall, as soon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently may be, issue his embodied, or their Order to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Stewartry or Place, to ^nT&c^alT-prepare and make out a full and true Lift, containing the Names of all Persons enrolled to serve in the fold issue his Order to Local Militia by virtue of this Act, within each Subdivision respectively, and arranged according to their Clerks of Sub-Classes as hereinbefore mentioned, before a Day to be specified in the said Order of the Lieutenant or De- divisioiw, tomak# puty Lieutenants as aforesaid, and which Day shall not be later than Three Days after the Date of such ut Lists of Per-Order; and the said Clerks shall, within the time fixed by such Order, prepare and make out such Lifts ^uNhttte^accordingly, and also Two Duplicates thereof, One of which Duplicates shall be for the Use of the De- Copy made for puty Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof shall be trans- Deputy Lieute* mitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the Lieutenant of the County* Stewartry or nants, and an-Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have issued such Order as aforesaid, other transmr.-

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid to o^nwidMeet-whom His Majesty's Order shall be directed, shall at the time of issuing his or their Order hereinbefore men- ^lgs. tioned* direct the Clerk of the General Meetings to advertise the Place and Time of aflfembling the Local also issue Order* Militia in thef County or Stewartry Paper, or if any County or Stewartry shall have no Paper, then in some for assembling Newspaper published in the City of Edinburgh, and also issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men Men of the said Local Militia within their respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties, Stewartries or Places, and in such Proportions as to the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as jn puch p^or-a fore said, shall appear most expedient, on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order, to tions as Hull ap-the Constables, Schoolmasters or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places within the said Counties pear nu*ft expe-and Stewartries respectively; and such Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers, are hereby required iient upon Receipt thereof forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the said Local*Written Militia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes or Places, to attend within Notice to be their respective Subdivisions or Districts, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order, and shall also given Men to cause such Notice as afolrefoid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels- belonging to their attend, and No-respective Parishes or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice so advertised or ^eajL affixed as affctesaid, shall be deemed asufficient Notice to-every Person. enrolled by virtue of this Act, not- upon Church

withstanding Doors.

I

C. 68.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Men not rpp'nr if 5, or not aHii-inOrde s of Deputy Lieutenants.

[Penalty.]

County Lieute-mnt, &c. to appoint First Subdivision Meeting fur ballotting. and Time and Place for afflm-bling Men chosen, of wh; ch Deputy Lieutc-nant shall give Notice, and shall cause a Proportion of Men to be ballotted fur, and their Names marked on Lift which is to be called over, and Names of Persons chosen returned to County Lieutenant, &c. and Time and Place of being embodied declared, and Men not chosen discharged from further Attend-

Deputy Lieutenants may correct Classes.

When His Majesty shall order only Part of any Militia to be embodied, Deputy Lieutenants shall examine Claires, and if Number required shall equ. 1 First, or First and Second, or succeeding,

ClnfT s in their Order, the Men containedtherein shall be chosen without Ballot; but if less than First Class, the Number shall be hallotted for thereout, and if more than that and any succeeding Class in Order, such

withstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in manner herein directed; and all such Local Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Local Militia not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Local Militia Man, shall not appear in pursuance of such Order, or, appearing, shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in pursuance of this Act, every fecit Person shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken previously to the Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Person liable to be embodied within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to serve according to the Directions herein contained, over and above the Number to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid of every County, Stewartry or Place, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint the First Meeting to be holden by the several Deputy Lieutenants of the same County, Stewartry or Place within their respective Subdivisions, or at such other Place or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on the Day mentioned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the said Local Militia, in order to their being chosen or ballotted to serve according to the Directions of this Act, and shall also appoint the Time and Place of assembling such of the said Men as shall be so chosen or ballotted within their respective Counties, Stewartries or Places, in order to their being embodied; of which several Appointments the respective Deputy Lieutenants shall have Notice; and all the Men enrolled on the Lift of every such Subdivision or District, and appearing in pursuance of such Order on the Day so to be appointed, shall be then muftesed by the said Deputy Lieutenants, and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall at such Meeting proceed in the manner by this Act directed, to cause a Number of the Men so appearing to be chosen or ballotted for, according to the Directions of this Act, equal to such Proportion of the complete Number that had been or ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, on the Lift of such Subdivision or District, as shall or may be specified in His Majesty's Order for drawing out and embodying any Part or Proportion of the Local Militia as aforesaid, and to cause the Names of all the Persons chosen and ballotted to be marked on the Lift of such Subdivision or District; and when the Choice and Ballot shall be concluded, the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Lift of such Subdivision or District to be publicly called; and as the Name of each Person contained therein shall be read, shall then and there declare whether such Person is or is not (as the case may be I chosen or ballotted out of such Lift in the manner hereinbefore provided; and the Names of all the Persons so chosen and ballotted shall be returned to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry or Place for which such Persons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have given such Order as aforesaid; and the Persons so chosen and ballotted shall be embodied to serve according to the true Intent of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall openly declare to the Men, who have been so chosen or ballotted, the Time and Place of their assembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such Persons or Person who shall have been declared to be so chosen or ballotted, shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at the Time and Place so to be appointed and declared, in order to their or his being embodied accordingly; and all and every such Persons or Person as shall be so declared not to have been so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further Attendance in pursuance of such Order as aforesaid.

CXLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, in \ heir several Subdivision Meetings, and before they proceed to choose or ballot, as hereinbefore directed, to revise and correct the Names of the Men contained in such Class or Classes, according to the several Change* or Alterations that may have taken place since the last Revisal or Correction thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proportion only of the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions shall, before they proceed to choose or ballot for the private Men who are to form such Part or Proportion, examine the Classes of the Descriptions hereinbefore mentioned, entered according to the Provisions of this Act, and in every case in which the Part or Proportion of the Militia required to be called out in such Subdivision shall equal the Number of Men contained in such First, or First and Second Or other succeeding Classes in their Order, then and in such case the Men contained in such Class or Classes, as the case may be, shall be forthwith chosen without any Ballot; and when the Proportion of Men so required as aforesaid, shall be less than the Number of Men contained in such First Class, then such Proportion shall be ballotted for out of such Class only, and no other; and when the Proportion so required as aforesaid shall exceed the Number of Men contained in the First, or First and any succeeding Class or Classes in the Order in which they shall so (land as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants shall first choose all the Men in such First Class, or First and next succeeding Class or Classes, until such Proportion shall be as near as may be completed, and shall then proceed to ballot in manner directed by this Act for the Remainder of the Proportion so required as aforesaid, out of the Class immediately following the last Class that shall have been wholly taken towards making up such Proportion as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed in like manner for supplying of any further Part or Proportion of Local Militia, in case any further Part should be afterwards ordered by His Majesty to be embodied, and shall, during the whole of the time that a Part or Proportion only of the Local Militia shall remain embodied, supply all Vacancies, as they shall arise, in such Part or Proportion, out of the Classes as they standin Succession, and shall in no case proceed to ballot for the supplying of any Vacancy out of any Class, until all the Men contained in the preceding Class or Classes, who shall be able and fit to join such Local Militia, shall have been chosen for that Purpose.

Classes shall be first chosen, and Remainder ballotted for out of next Ciafi to the last wholly taken, &c*

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Local Militia, or any Part or Proportion of the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and embodied in pursuance of this Act, in case any of the Persons enrolled in any Subdivision of such County, Stewartry or Place, the Local Militia whereof shall be so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall make Default either by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or Absence from Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the time of such Default, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their First Meeting to be holden for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Default was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Default, Desertion or Absence, under the Hands of the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Person belonged, and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh Ballot within the Subdivision aforesaid.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, and not chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, who shall not have any Child or Children living under the Age of Fourteen Years, shall offer himself as a Volunteer, to be drawn out and embodied in the Room of any Person so chosen or ballotted, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants at any Meeting, to accept such Volunteer in the Room of such Person so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, and such Person so accepted shall serve as if he had himself been so chosen or ballotted in manner aforesaid*

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Local Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken as hereinbefore directed, and who shall not be chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of One Shilling per Diem, during the time he shall be necessarily employed from Home, in going to and continuing at, and returning from the Place to be appointed for such Ballot, not to exceed Three Days, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Number of Men so paid, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall there attend, then of any One such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, the Collector of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall re-imburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any Monies in his Hands at any Aid granted by Parliament by way of Land Tax.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Collector of the Land Tax for the County, Stewartry or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as one Justice of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances hereinbefore directed to be made; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Collector of the Land Tax a fufificient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and be allowed in his Account.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required by such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by One Justice of the Peace, make out an Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and paid, in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed and signed; and the Account so examined, allowed and signed, shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to debar His Majesty from ordering the Remainder of the said Local Militia, or so many of the Remainder of the said Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, as His Majesty shall in his Wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied whenever the Occasion shall require, according to the Provisions prescribed by this Act.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any further Proportion of the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry or Place, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to cause such further Proportion to be drawn out and embodied as His Majesty shall order; and in so doing such Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and also all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions hereinbefore prescribed for drawing out and embodying the First Proportion thereof.

CL. And be it further enacted, That, if during such time as any Part of the Local Militia which shall have been drawn out and embodied for Service, shall continue embodied, His Majesty shall deem it expedient that the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, or any Part thereof, which shall not at such time be actually embodied for Service, should be drawn out in order to be mustered* trained and exercised, for a limited time, in Read of being so embodied for Service, according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any of the said Counties, Stewartrie3 or Places, to cause the said Local Militia not actually embodied, or any Part thereof, to be drawn out, in order to be mustered, trained and exercised, in such Proportion, and for such time, and at such Place or Places, as shall be appointed, with the Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, in manner as is hereinbefore directed for training and exercising the disembodied Local Militia $ and the same shall be mustered, trained and exercised accordingly.

fv CLI. And be it further enacted, That, whenever the Whole of the Local Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, is ordered to be embodied, all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Local Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall immediately join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they respectively belong, at the Time and Place appointed for the

embodying

823

If any Person enrolled in any Subdivision of County, Local Militia whereof shall be ordered to be embodied, shall delcrt,

&c. and shall not lie taken within Three Months, Vacancy filled up by fresh Ballot. Any Person enrolled and not cholen, not having a Child under 14, may be accepted as a Volunteer.

Men attending at B illot and not being chosen. Allowance, &c*

Clerks may draw upon Collector, by Order of Deputy Lieutenants, &c. for Money to pay Allowances.

Clerks when required, to make out Accounts of Monies rereived and paid, to be examined and allowed.

His Majesty may order Remainder of Local Militia to be embodied. County Lieutenant, Sec. to pursue Rules prescribed for embodying First Proportion.

While any Part of Ix>cal Milidai shall continue embodied. His Majesty may order any, not e nbodied, to he drawn out to be mustered, &c».

When the whole Local Militia of County, Sec. is ordered to be-

embodied, all Officers, St c*

82 4

shalljoin; and when Part, such Proportion of them as His Majesty Dull 4ire&.

His Majesty enay disembedy Local Militia and embody Chess* ftc.

Local Militia when d Hem-bodied subject to lame Orders only as before f>eing drawn out. In case of Invasion, ftc.

His Majesty may, by Proclamation, in-create Local Militia, not exceeding Six times Quota of Regular Militia, and County Lieutenants, ftc. shall apportion Number, and proceed to raise and enrol Men, at such time as shall be specified in Proclamation.

4* G. 3.C. 9X.

When such additional Number of Local Militia raited, His Majesty shall issue Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, may reduce and disembody such additional Number of Local Militia; and Privates so disembodied or those enrolled and not embodied, shall remain liable to terve for Periods for which e&» roiled, and shall supply Vacancies;

C. 68. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

embodying such Local Militia; and whenever the Local Militia of any County* Stewartry or Place is called out and embodied by Detachments or Divisions, under any Order of His Majesty for that Purpose, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct the Proportion and Description of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers, who shall accompany such Detachments or Divisions of Men, and the respective Establishments of such Detachments or Divisions, and also to regulate the Numbers and Duties of all such Officers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, as shall remain within any such County, Stewartry or Place, for the mustering, training and exercising of the Remainder of the private Local Militia Men thereof, as the Service may require, and to His Majesty may seem most fit and convenient.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, as he shall think fit, to disembody any Part or Proportion of any JLocal Militia of any County, Stewartry or Place, embodied under this Act, and from time to time again to draw out and embody any such Local Militia so disembodied as aforesaid, or any Proportion thereof, as to His Majesty shall seem necessary, according to the Rules and Provisions of this Act.

CLI1L And be it further enacted, That when the Local Militia, or any Part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men, shall be subject to the fame Orders, Direction* and Engagements only, as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act, before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

CLIV. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all cases of actual Tnvafion, or of imminent Danger thereof, and in case of Rebellion, His Majesty should be empowered to increase, without Delay, the Number of Local Militia Forces, for the more effectual Protection and Defence of this Realm; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and direct, by His Royal Proclamation, that in Addition to the Number of Men required by or under the foregoing Provisions of this Act, to be raised by the several Counties, Stewartries and Places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith raised and enroDedin the said several Counties, Stewartriea nod Places, any Number of Men as will, in Addition to and together with and including the effective Yeomanry and Volunteers serving in such County, Stewartry or Place, or Part of such County, Stewartry or Places together with the Local Militia raised for such County, Stewartry or Place, under the Provisions of this Act, make the whole Force of such County, Stewartry or Place equal to Six times the original Quota of such County, Stewartry or Place, under an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty; Provided always, that such effectice Yeomanry and Volunteers shall be exclusive of Supernumeraries Ferving without Pay above the Establishment of such Corps who shall have been enrolled after the First Day of jU/rii One thousand eight hundred and eight; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the said Counties, Stewartries and Places shall, immediately on the issuing of any such Proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men required to be raised in their respective Counties, Stewar-triesand Places, among the several Parishes or Places therein respectively 5 and shall thereafter proceed to ranfe and enrol such Men, at such time or times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, relative to the Local Militia, - shall be applied, practised, enforced and put in Execution, for the raffing, training and exceeding, and for the embodying and calling out into actual Service, such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a manner in every respect as far at the fame can be applied and put in force, as if the said Number of Men so added to the Local Militia had been included in the Number of Men requited and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall cause such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid to be raised and enrolled, or drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and ad in like manner to all Intents and furposes as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from time to time (whenever he shall deem it expedient to reduce the Whole or any* Part of such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid, by his Royal Proclamation to declare such Reduction accordingly; and in case such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be then embodied) to disembody the fame, or any Number of private Local Militia Men equal thereto, without regard to whether such Men were raised and in rolled in pursuance of any Proclamation for raffing such additional Number of Local Militia as aforesaid, or were enrolled before, and were serving at the time of the issuing thereof; and the private Militia Men so disembodied as aforesaid, or so many of them as may have been enrolled and not embodied at the time of issuing such Proclamation, shall nevertheless remain liable to serve for the respective Periods for which they shall have been respectively inrolled to serve, and shall, during such Periods, supply all the Vacancies that may arise in the respective Pari (hes or Places, or United Parishes or Places, for which they shall have been so enrolled, whenever called upon so to do; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective SubdivisionB shall, from time to time, cause any Man or Men, as the case may be, that may be required for supply ing any Vacancy or Vacancies in the estabiifiied. Local Militia that -may arise for any Parish or Place, or United Parishes or Placet

SJ j

A.D. 1812.

5 2° GEORGII III.

C. 68. 825

and a icertain Deficiencies be supplied.

[Penalty.]

in their respective Subdivisions, to be taken from their respective Classes as aforesaid, or ballotted as the case and no ballot may require* according to the Provisions in this Act contained* relating to the taking Men for the Local Militia from Classes, until all the Men so remaining liable, and that shall be fit to serve, shall have supplied eancies^an be such Vacancies: Provided always, that no Ballot shall take place for the raising and iurolling any Man to supplied from supply any Vacancy that may arise from any Parish or Place, so long as the fame can be supplied from any them, but they Men, or by any Man, then enrolled for such Parish or Place that Ihafi remain liable and be fi» to serve: Pro- shall not be vided also, that no Man so remaining liable to serve as aforesaid for any Parish or Place shall be called upon or be liable to supply any Vacancy arising for any other Parish or Place, than that for which he shall be originally, any aotjJr place enrolled to serve under the Provisions of this Act. than that for

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That every County, Stewartry, Place or Parish for which the full which originally Number of Men required by any Order of His Majesty under this Act shall not have been ballotted and en- enrolled, rolled before the Fourteenth Day of February succeeding such Order, if given Three Months before such ^c^Mln^de-1 Fourteenth Day of February, or in which any Deficiencies or Vacancies arising in such Local Militia shall not ficientat Cirt*jn be filled up before the Fourteenth Day of February after the same shall have arisen, if the same shall have Period, arisen Three Months before such Fourteenth Day of February, shall be subject to a Fine of Fifteen Pounds Penalty, for every Man remaining deficient.

[Proviso.]

CLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Parish or Place in which such Fine shall have arisen, and in which such Deficiency shall be thereafter supplied, shall be entitled to deduct or have a Return of Two Third Parts of any such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March, and One Third Part of every such Fine of Fifteen Pounds for every Man enrolled before the First Day of April, after any such Fine shall have so arisen as aforesaid.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Constables and other Officers of all Parishes and Places for Constables to which any Local Militia Man shall be serving shall make diligent Enquiry as to all Men enrolled in the Local make Returns, Militia, for the Parishes or Places for which they shall respectively be Constables or Officers, and shallnA a{rmrt^n before the Fourteenth Day of November in each Year, return to the Clerk of the Subdivision within which such Parishes or Places shall be, and also to the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment of Local Militia in which Men shall be serving for such Parishes or Places, a true Account of all Persons serving for such Parish or Place in the Local Militia, specifying such as shall have died or left their Residence, and whether the Persons not then residing in such Parish or Place shall have wholly left such Parish or Place, or shall still retain any House, Residence or Lodging, in such Parish or Place, and also the Place to which such Persons shall have gone as have changed their Residences, if the fame can be ascertained; and every Constable or other Officer who shall neglect or refuse to make any such Return, or shall wilfully make any false Return, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commandants of the Regiments of Local Militia in Commandantiof Scotland shall within Fourteen Days after the Fourteenth Day of February in each Year, transmit to the Clerk Rcg'raents shall of Supply, to be laid before the Commissioners afllmbled at the several Meetings to assess the Land Tax, QerlTofSupplr next after the First Day of March in each Year, Certificates of the Number of Men then remaining deficient Certificates of in their respective Regiments, distinguishing the Period for which such Deficiencies or Vacancies have existed, Number of by what Cause occasioned, and for what District, Division or Parish. Deficiencies.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of every such County, Stewartry Commissioniers and Place, assembled at the Meetings for assessing the Land Tax, to be held next after the First Day of March of Supply upon in each Year, shall upon the Receipt of the aforesaid Certificate of the Commandant, which Certificate he is ^jper" hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry or Place, in order to be laid mak^AfiblT-before the said Commissioners of Supply respectively at such Meetings, rate and assess the said Sum of Fifteen ment.

Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every such County, Stewartry or Place, in the manner directed by the aforesaid Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for pro* 49 G. 3. c. 90. aiding Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, 'when called into aQual Service; and the Clerk of Supply of every such County, Stewartry or Place shall, within Fourteen Days after every such A4&riTment shall have been made, transmit to the Receiver General of Scotland an Account, specifying the Amount of the Assessment in each Parish, and the Subdivision to which such Parish belongs.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply aforesaid, in making any such Such Assess-Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County, Stewartry or Place, shall apportion the Sums so to be njcntsuP°n assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess the fame upon the several Parishes in such County, Stewartry or Place, ^"o^eadi* in the fame Proportions in which the Men for the Local Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes re- Parish, propor-spetftively, according to such Apportionment as may have been made thereof in jpurfuance of this Act, or to tionally to Num-the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Panfti or Place. ber °/ Men it is

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Stewartry or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arise from the Default of any particular Parish or Parishes in such County, Stewartry or Place, in c; en*" shall arise not raising the Proportion or respective Proportions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or in any particular Parishes, then and in such cases the said Commissioners of Supply, in making such Rate and Assessment as Parish or Pa-aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Parishes that ^thes, the Af-shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes fe^lient shall fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein. # dc thereoD'

CL.XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties, Stewartries Commissioners of and Places, where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making Supply totranf-of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted the several Amounts of the J?1*1 Sums so assessed upon the several Parishes to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision to which such Parishes SubdVifion to respectively belong, and also a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary at War; and such Clerks of Subdivision clerk, who shall 52 Geo. III. 5 O shall.

826

give Notice to Collector.

Collegers may deduct for Men raised within certain Periods.

Collectors on receiving such Money shall remit fame to Agent General, who shall pay thereout Bounties to Volunteers.

When Assessment upon any Place is paid to Agent General, it shall be indemnified for not raising its Quota.

Clerks of Subdivision may detain id. per Pound of Money they receive, and shall make alike Allowance to High Constables, &c. out of such Sums as they shall be concerned in collecting.

Clerks of Supply to transmit annually Copies of Certificates received from County Lieutenants and where not delivered, to certify such Ominion to Secretary at War, and to certify Omissions of Commissioners.

C. 68. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

shall, within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, cause Notice thereof to be given to the respective Collectors of the Cess of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, wherein the several Parishes upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be situated; and such Collectors shall proceed to levy the same within Fourteen Days after such Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment.

CLXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Sum shall have been so assessed upon any Parish cu* Place for Men certified to be deficient upon the Fourteenth Day of February, it shall nevertheless be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant acting for the Subdivision in which such Parish may be situated, in all cases in which any Man shall have been subsequently enrolled to supply such Deficiency, to certify to the Clerk of such Subaivision the Date of such Enrolments respectively 5 and if it shall appear from the Certificate that such Men were enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of such Subdivision, and he is hereby required to remit to every such Parish such Two Thirds or One Third Part of such Fine respectively as is hereinbefore directed to be returned to such Parish for every Man enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April respectively; and the Collectors of such Parish are hereby authorized to make a Deduction of Two Thirds or One Third Part of such Fine (as the case may be) from the Amount of the Assessment made upon such Parish for every Man so certified to have been enrolled before the Fourteenth Day of March or the First Day of April respectively.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Collectors levying any such Sum or Sums of Money, shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the Amount thereof to the Receiver General of Scotland, who shall within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof, remit the same to the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Agent General for the Local Militia; and during the Period of Three Months from such First Day of April next succeeding the making any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of the said County, Stewartry or Place, within which such Parish or Place shall be situate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for such Local Militia, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer for a Bounty not exceeding the Sum of Two Guineas; and the Deputy Lieutenant before whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, shall transmit a Certificate of such Inrolment to the Agent General, and upon the Production to the said Agent General of such a Certificate under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Local Militia, and of a Certificate under the Han<l6 of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia of such County, Stewartry or Place, of such Man having joined his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Dud Agent General shall, and he is hereby required under the Direction of the Secretary at War to pay out of such Money in his Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding the said Sum of Two Guineas for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Agent General into whose Hands or to whose Account any such Money shall be paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons paying the fame, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised in any County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be a full Discharge and Indemnification to such County, Stewartry or Place, for the Failure or Neglect in raising and training the Number of Men in the Local Militia for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made; and the Money so paid into the Hands of the said Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, shall be applied to the Purposes of the Local Militia, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament.

CLXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision to whom any such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of One Penny in the Pound, upon the whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Clerk of Subdivision is hereby authorized to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by him, before Payment made to the Receiver General as aforesaid; and every Collector, who shall act in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such Clerk of Subdivision, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound of all such Money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively act as aforesaid; and such Clerk of Subdivision is hereby authorized and required to dedu& the fame out of the Money so received by him as aforesaid, and to pay the respective Proportions thereof to such Collectors as aforesaid.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Supply for every County, Stewartry or Place, shall and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after the Meeting to be held for a(Te(sing the Land Tax, yearly, to transmit to the Secretary at War a Copy signed by such Clerk of Supply, of every Certificate which he shall have received from the Commandants of the several Regiments of Local Militia in such County, Stewartry or Place -as aforesaid; and where such Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of Supply shall certify such Omission to the Secretary at War, and that such Clerk of Supply hath certified the same to the Commissioners of Supply assembled at their Annual Meeting to assess the Land Tax, and required such Commissioners of Supply to proceed according to the Directions of this Act, and such Clerk of Supply shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such Annual Meetings, in relation to the assessing and raising of the said Money, where the Local Militia shall not have been raised; and in case such Commissioners of Supply shall omit, neglect or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money, according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry or Place, shall and is hereby required within Fourteen Days next after such Annual Meeting, to certify to the Secretary at War such Omimon, Neglect or Refusal of such Commissioners of Supply, and the Names of the Commissioners of Supply who shall be pre-

13 fen*

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68.

sent at such Meeting; and the Secretary at War is hereby empowered and required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to give Directions to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland, to proceed by all such legal ways and means as shall be mol effectual and expeditious, to compel such Commissioners of Supply to pay due Obedience to this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, collected and paid.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of Fifteen Pounds/^r Man, to be raised and paid in any such County, Stewartry or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collected and paid into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, in manner hereinbefore directed, the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland is hereby required forthwith, upon Knowledge or Information thereof, to proceed, by all such legal ways and means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of such Money and the Payment thereof into the Hands of the Agent General, or to his Account at the Bank, as aforesaid.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of Supply shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, preserve, make, record or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, or any Account of Assessments hereby directed to be transmitted to the Receiver General of Scotland, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of Supply so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if any Clerk of Subdivision, Collector or other Officer who ought toa& and assist in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit or neglect or refuse to act or assist therein, according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of Subdivision so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Coile&or or other Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds $ and the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland shall, and he is hereby required, when directed so to do by the Secretary at War as aforesaid, with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Commissioners of Supply, Clerks of Subdivision and other Officers, who shall omit, neglect or refuse to perform the Duty required of them respectively by this Act, touching the raising, collecting and paying of the said Money; and in case the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any such Commissioners of Supply, Clerks of Subdivision or other Officers aforesaid, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall, if required so to do by the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any General or Subdivision Meeting, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with two sufficient Sureties, in such Sums as the Deputy Lieutenants shall fix, for duly accounting for and remitting all Monies paid into his Hands under the Provisions of this Act.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall keep an Account, in the Form to this Act annexed, marked (I.) or in such other Form as may from time to time be directed for that Purposeby the Secretary at War, of all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures from time to time received by him, and also of all Sums allowed to any Individuals, Counties, Stewartries or Parishes, by reason of any Fines or Penalties, or Parts of any Fines or Penalties, being remitted under the Provisions of this Act; and the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices attending at the time of any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture being imposed or remitted, or any Two of them, shall and they are hereby required to certify the same to be correct, and the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall verify the fame upon Oath, which Oath any One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is authorized to administer, and shall transmit to the Secretary at War such Account made up to the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, or to such other Period as the Secretary at War shall direct.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Subdivision Meetings shall and is hereby required within Seven Days after the Twenty fourth Day of March, June, September and December, reflectively in each Year, or oftener if required, to transmit an Account to the Secretary at War for the time being, of all Sums received by him and paid to the Collector of the Cess, verified upon Oath before One Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, which Oath any such Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer and make in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (K.) or such other Form as may from time to time be prescribed in that Behalf by the Secretary at War.

CLXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases m which it is in this Act directed and required that any Return or Lift should be made, or any Notice given, or any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or other Money remitted by any Clerk of Supply, or by any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or by any Collector or by any Colonel Commandant or other Officer of Local Militia, every such Clerk of Supply or other Person as aforesaid, who shall omit, neglect or refuse, or wilfully delay making any such Return or Lift, or giving any such Notice, or remitting any such Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or other Money as aforesaid, in the manner directed by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed to extend to any case in which any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may already be imposed for any such Offence by the Provisions of this Act.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Local Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Local Militia, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on Account of his Absence during the time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the time he shall be returning from such Election.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Local Militia, or any private Man, from the time of his Enrolment until he shall be regularly discharged from the Local Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer.

S O 2 CLXXIX. And

82

If 15L per Man

not raised in an y Place, and paid to Agent General, the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland to compel its being done.

Neglect of Duty in Clerks of Supply, &c. Penalty.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Solicitor of Taxes topro-fecute Commissioners,

&c. for Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Subdivision Clerks to give Bond.

Account kept by Clerk of Sub-vision Meetings.

Account transmitted by Clerk of Subdivision Meetings to Secretary at War.

Neglecting to make Returns and to give Notices, &c.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Commissions not to vacate Seats in Parliament. Voters going to Elections of Members.

Non Commissioned Officers, &c. not liable to serve as Peace Officers.

828

Married Local Militia Men may set up in any Place in G B. as Soldiers may under 24 G. 3. Sess. 2, c. 6.

No Sump Duty on Corn millions.

Bills for Pay and Allowance See. drawn on undamped Paper.

How Penalties recovered and applied.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

Certificate of Amount of certain Penalties transmitted to Secretary at War.

Witnesses not

attending.

[Penalty.]

Convictions.

Form.

No Order removed or super-feded by Advocation.

C. 68. J2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

CLXXIX. And be it farther enacted, That every Person having served in the Local Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the fame Provisions, and under the fame Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the Two Universities in England, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service9 or in the Marines, or in the Militia or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades; and no such Local Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Commission granted before the passing of this Act, or which shall be granted after the passing of this Act, to any Officer in the Local Militia, mall be subject to any Stamp Duty.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn for the Pay or Allowance of the Local Militia, and also all Bills, Drafts and Orders, by which any Sum of Money or Fines are remitted to the Bank of England, or the Agent General, or any Person or Persons authorized by the Secretary at War to receive Money on Account of the Local Militia, may and shall be drawn upon undamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of not being so drawn or written on stamped Paper; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with danding.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, unless hereinbefore otherwise directed, be recovered by Action of Debt in the Court of Session in Scotland; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, unless hereinbefore otherwise directed, on Proof of the Offence either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, before the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Didress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Effects, by Warrant under the Hand of such Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Didress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Effects shall have been so didrained and fold; and for Want of sufficient Didress such Sheriff, Stewart or Justice is hereby required, in all cases where no particular Time of Commitment is hereinbefore directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Stewartry or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be remitted to the Agent General for Local Militia, or to the Bank of England, to be placed to his Account, and to be by him applied and accounted for in the manner hereinbefore directed, with respect to Fines assessed upon the Parishes for Deficiencies.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it is by this Act directed that any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be imposed by this Act, it shall be lawful for any One or more Deputy Lieutenants, Justices or Magistrates by whom any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been impofeo, for any Offence committed against this Act, and he or they is or are hereby directed and required within Ten Days after such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may have been imposed, to transmit to the Secretary at War a Certificate of the Amount of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in the Form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.) and a Duplicate of every such Certificate shall at the same time be transmitted to the Solicitor for Taxes in Scotland,

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or Persons acctifed, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without reasonable Excule for such his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by the Judges or Justices before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff, Stewart or Justice, before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say,

TJE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of Our Lord

in the County of A.B. of was

convicted before me C. 2). Sheriff [or, Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or before us, C.D. and E. F. Two

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was

committed, as the case may be-\: For that the said A.B. on the Day of

now lad pad, did, contrary to the Form of the Statute in that case made and provided [here date the 1 Offence against the AS']: And I or we do declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum < of .*

CLXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry or Place, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One Deputy Lieutenant together with any One Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Advocation or Suspension out of the County, Stewartry or Place wherein such

14 Order

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 68. 829

Order or Conviction shall have been made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Bill of Advocation or Sufptnsion shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction To made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such Bill or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Limitation of Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Actions. Months next after the Fa& committed and not aftenvards; and the Defender or Defenders in every such Action or Suit may plead generally, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in any such Action General Issue. or Suit 5 and if the Defender or Defenders shall be afloilzied, or if the Pursuer or Pursuers shall discontioue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defender or Defenders shall have appeared, or if, upon Objection to the Relevancy, Judgment shall be given against the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs or Expenses, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defender or Defenders hath Treble ColU. in other cases to recover Costs or Expenses by Law,

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person taking a false Oath in any case when an Oath is Perjury, required to be taken by this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful ana corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted, be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Act altered, &c. Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[&r as to England, ante, c. 38.]

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

Clerk of the Peace for the County of do hereby certify.

That the Officers below specified, serving in the Battalion of Local Militia, have

left with me their Qualifications as directed in the Ninth Section of the Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia.

Colonel.

Lieutenant Colonel. Major.

Captains,

Lieutenants.

Ensigns.

Schedule (B.)

FORM QF OATH.

T do make Oath, That I am by my Trade a and have been usually resident in the Parish of in the County of that I am unmarried

[or, have a Wife living, as the case may be-\; and that I have no Children, [or, not more than Two Children horn in Wedlock]; and that I have no Rupture, nor ever was troubled with Fits, and am no ways disabled by Lameness or otherwise, but have the peifeA Use of my Limbs j and that I am not a Seaman or Seafaring Man. As witness my Hand at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Witpefs present.

SCHEDULE

830 C. 68. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

SCHEDULE (C.)

SUBDIVISION of in the County of RETURN of Inrolment, dated the Day of

Parities NAMES OF MEN, Date of Inrolment Age. CLASSES.

Ballotred. Volunteers. ift. 2d. Last

A.B. S. Jones. Tho. Gray. June id 3d 22 26 X X

Totals,

Signed A.B. Clerk to Subdivision Meeting.

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN of the of the County of Company in dated the the of the Local Militia Day of

Parish. NAMES OF MEN SERVING. ... CLASSES.

Baliotted. Volunteers. ift. 2d. Last.

B. C. S. Jones. T. Gray. 3* 24 X X

Totals.

Signed j4. B. Captain of Company.

SCHEDULE (E.)

RETURN of Private Local Militia Men serving for the County of Dated the Day of

Description of Men. No. of each. Yean of Service onexpired. No. in each Claft.

I. 2. 3* 4. t 2- 3* Last.

Baliotted Volunteers

Totals.

A.B. Clerk to General Meetings.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1812.

C. 68. 831

52° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Dated the Day of

Name of the County. Names of the Men. Of the Parish of Time of Service expires on Sum for which they are willing to lerve. Signature of Consent.

A.B. P. A.B.

C.D. Q- C.D.

SCHEDULE (G.)

'PHIS is to certify, That I [or, we, at the case may be\ A.B. One [or more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [or, Deputy Lieutenants, as the case may be-\ did, on the Day of

lad pad, levy upon C.D. the Sum of Pounds, being the Amount of Fine imposed [here frcctly

the Offence] under the Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of Scotland. Dated this Day of

(Signed) A.B. Justice.

SCHEDULE (H.)

LIST of FINES imposed on Persons ballotted, and not appearing, pursuant to an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled [insert the Title of tl ju A8.-\

County. Subdivision. Parish. Persons fined. Amount of Fines.

SCHEDULE (I.)

ACCOUNT of PENALTIES imposed and remitted by the LIEUTENANCY.

Date when Imposed. 11'Penalty of £30. for Persons worth more than £aoa per Annum. Penalty of £00. for Persons worth more than £100. per Annum, and not exceeding £ 200. Penalty of £10. for Persons worth less than £100. per Annum. Remittance of Fines, Sec. allowed by the Lieutenancy. Net Sum imposed. Remarks.

Deficiency in the Subdivision of in the County of as per Return herewith annexed, signed by the Commandant, dated the being Men at per Man paid to the Clerk of

Subdivision Meetings for on the

W* do certify, the above Account is truly and judly dated to the bed of our Knowledge and Belief.

Deputy Lieutenant. Magistrate.

SCHEDULE

S32

C. 68, 6g

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

45 0-3- «8-

46 G. 3»c 62.

47 G. 3. Sefi*. 1. c. 31.

47 G. 3. Self. a. G. 16.

47 G. 3. SdT. a.

c. 18.

46 G. 3* €* xa. 120.

47 G. 3. Sess. a.

c. 1.

48 G. 3. c. 8a

49 G. 3. c. 74* jo G. 3. c. 97.

1 G. 3. c. 86.

Duties granted and allowed by

SCHEDULE (K.)

QUARTERLY ACCOUNT of the CLERK of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

Date when received. Name of Person filed. Penalty of £30. for Persons woith more than £too. per Annum. Penalty of £20. for Persons worth more than £100. and not exceeding £100. Penalty of £10. for Persons worth less than £100. per Annum. Amount of each Penalty. Date when paid to the Collector of the Cess. Amount of each Payment.

By Payment to the 7 Collector of Cess. $ 1

Sworn before me Day of 181

- Deputy Lieotcnaat or Justice.

I hereby certify upon Oath, that the above is a just and true Account of all Sums received by me as Clerk of the Sub-division Meetings of the County of between the Day of and the Day

of to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.

Signature.

Clerk of the Subdivision of the County of

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.

[20th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty, until the Twenty jifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred andfix, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares and Mcr- chandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Boun-

ties: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar and Tea, into and from Ireland: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty*seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repeal Part of the Duties on the Importation of uomanu- fastured Tobacco in Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and from Ireland: And whereas another Act was made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to provide for the Decrease and Siifpenfton in certain cases of Part of the Countervailing Duty on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland: And whereas*such of the said recited Acts as were temporary, have been from time to time continued by several Acts*passed in the Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign; and by an Act pafiedin*the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were amended and continued,

( and by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Acts were further continued; and by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Acts were continued and further amended: And whereas an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament,

intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Impottation9 4 and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes into and from Ireland; 4 by which said last mentioned Act the several Acts hereinbefore recited were continued, and are inf force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred anth twelve; and it is expedient that all the said recited Acts, and also the several Rates and Duties granted and the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by them or any of them should be further continued m manner herein after mentioned: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aavice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates and Duties granted and the

Draw-

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 69, 70, 71. 833

I>rawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall respectively continue and be in force throughout Ireland, upon and from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, except the Rates, Duties and Drawbacks on the several Articles upon which new and other Rates, Duties and Drawbacks are by any of the said Acts granted, imposed or allowed, and except such Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar of the British Plantations, and on Refined Sugar under the said recited Acts or any of them, as are provided for by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and which said last recited Act is by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and that the said recited A<fls (except.as aforesaid, and except also as they are altered and repealed by each other, or by'this Act, or by any other Act), and all the Powers and Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts or any of them shall be observedand complied with during the Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and the said Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauser* Matters and Things had been by the said recited Acts or any of them extended to the Term hereby granted, and as if the Term hereby granted had made Part of the said recited Acts or any of them, and that the several Articles in respect whereof any Rate or Duty is granted, or imposed, or continued, or any Drawback or Bounty 16 allowed by the said recited Acts or any of them, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall respectively be and remain liable to the Rates and Duties, and shall be entitled to the Drawbacks and Bounties (except as aforesaid) allowed in respect thereof under the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Acts, upon, from, and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, according to the true Intent and1 Meaning of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer,

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Acts hereby continued, may be altered, amended and repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

recited Acts, continued till July 5, 1813.

Exception.

47 G. 3. SeflT. 1. c. 19-

Ante, C 2 St

[Continuance of Act.]

Ad altered fee.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

[20th June 1812.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of TVoolmer, in the County of Southampton.

[20th June 1812.]

WHEREAS the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seized to himself, hisVV Heirs and Successors, of the Ground and Soil of the Forest of Woolmery in the County of South-

amptony computed to contain Five thousand two hundred and seventy six Acres, or thereabouts, exclusive of certain inclosed Lands therein belonging to His Majesty in Severalty, subject to such Claims of Rights

and Interests of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Slawell % and other Persons in and over the fame, as

herein after mentioned: And whereas the said Henry Lord Stawelly under and by virtue of a certain Grant

of His late Majesty King James the First, bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of November in the Grant9Nsw

Fifteenth Year of His Reign, is or claims to be seized of or interested in or entitled to the Right of Free JiC*

Warren and Free Chafe, and other Rights, Liberties and Privileges in, upon and over the said Forest; and he the said Henry Lord Stawell also claims to have and receive, so soon as the fame can be made out, a

Grant or Letters Patent of and to hold and enjoy the Office of Ranger of and over the said Forest, and, as annexed or appurtenant to the said Office, the Liberty of Hunting, Shooting and Sporting, in and over the fame Forest, for and during the Term of his natural Life 5 and the said Henry Lord Stawelly in respect of his several Manors which adjoin to or are situate near to the said Forest, likewise is or claims to be entitled to other Rights and Interests in, upon and over the said Forest, or some Part or Parts thereof: And whereas, subject to the Rights of His Majesty, certain Persons are or claim to be entitled to certain Rights 4 in, over and upon the said Forest: And whereas from the great and increasing Difficulty of procuring a 4 Supply of Timber from Foreign Countries and from the Estates of private Individuals in the United Kingdom, it has become necessary to adopt Measures for securing a more adequate Supply of Timber in this Kingdom; and if His Majesty was empowered to enclose certain Parts of the said Forest, and such Parts were appropriated for the Growth and Preservation of Wood and Timber, the fame would be of great Benefit and Advantage to His Majesty and the Public in general* Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful His Majesty nuy for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from time to time to inclose, fev#r and improve, within and outnri°k

of the Waste Lands of the said Forest, any Quantity of the said Lands not exceeding in the Whole Two &c. thousand Acres, to be inclosed and held in Severalty at one and at the same time 5 and such Inclosure shall be

made under and by virtue of Commissions to be granted and issued by His Majesty for that Puroofe, and each 52 Geo. III. 5 P^of

834 C-7l.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

When Woods are pad Danger from Cattle, fee. Inclosures laid open.

of such CommifioDS shall be directed to Three or more such Persons as His Majesty shall think fit; and such Inclosures shall be set out and made from and out of such Parts or Places in the said Foreil as shall be found to be most convenient to be indofed, and to he best adapted to the Growth and Produce of Timber, which said Inclosures shall be admeasured by a sworn Surveyor, and set out and inclosed, butted and bounded, and the Quantities, Butts and Boundaries thereof returned into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, there to remain of Record for ever; and the said Inclosures so made and set out as aforesaid shall remain in Severalty in the actual Possession of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged of and from all manner of Rights, Titles, Pretences and Privileges or Claims whatsoever, (other than and except such as the said Henry Lord Stawell is or may be entitled to as aforesaid) during the Period of the fame remaining so inclosed for the Growth and Preservation of Timber, and until the fame or any Part thereof shall be laid open under the Provisions of this Act, according to the Purport and true Intent of this Act, and shall be made and reputed a Nursery or Nurseries for Timber only,

II. And be it further enacted, That at all times hereafter, whenever the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall be satisfied, and such Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the said Commissioners, shall determine that the Woods and Trees that shall be growing within any Inclosure to be made under and by virtue of this Act are become past Danger of browsing of Cattle, or other Prejudice, and shall think fit to lay the fame or any Part thereof open and in Common, and shall cause the same to be laid open, that then and so often it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from time to time to indofe, in lieu of so much of the Inclosure as shall be lo laid open, the like Quantity, out of any other Part of the Residue of the said Forest, to be set out in the same manner as aforesaid, and to be holden, inclosed, freed and discharged of and from all manner of Common and other Rights as aforesaid

iother than and except as aforesaid) (or so long time as the same shall continue inclosed, according to the )ireftions, Purport and Intent of this Act, to be a Nursery for Timber as aforesaid, instead of so much as shall be laid open according to the Directions aforesaid.

III. And, to the End that the said Inclosure may be preserved in the Crown for public Use as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That in case any Person whatever shall presume to take or obtain any Gift, Grant, Estate or Interest of or in the said Inclosures, or anjr Wood or Trees growing thereon, every such Gift, Grant, Estate or Interest shall ipso fa8o be null and void, and the Person so taking the same shall be utterly disabled to have, hold and enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate or Interest, and also shall forfeit Treble the Value of any such Gift or Grant to him who shall first sue for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign or Wager at Law shall be allowed to the Defendant.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, after the passing of this Act, no Deer whatever shall be kept inny Part of the said Forest, or within the Limits thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paHing of this Act, no Rabbits shall be kept oa any Part of the said Forest, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

VI. And, 'for the better Preservation of the Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Heritors and Standils growing, and which may hereafter be planted and nourished to grow or be growing in or upon any Parts of the said Inclosures so to be made in pursuance of this Act, as well before as after the same shall be inclosed, be it Damaging Trees further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, unlawfully cut down, split, bark, peel, damage, deface or destroy or carry away any Timber Tree, or other Tree, Wood or Covert, Green Stick, or any Heritor or Standil within the said Foteft, (except such as shall be set out by Persons duly authorized for the Purpose of making the Fences of such Inclosures as aforesaid) shall be subject or liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Punishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of thiB Realm, to be given, imposed or inflicted, upon any Person or Persons committing the like Offence or Offences, in the Lands, Grounds, Woods or Coppices, being inclosed, and the private Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully destroy or take away or shall break down any Fence or Inclosure or any Part thereof made for the Protection of any Nursery of Wood and Timber as aforesaid, shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Second Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Thml Offence shall be accounted guilty of Felony, and may be transported to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be Tubjeft to such other Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as the Court before which such Person shall be convicted may direct 5 and such Penalties shall and may be recovered, and on Non payment thereof, the Person who shall forfeit the fame may be committed to Prison in the manner and for the fame Periods as are specified in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs and Plants, in relation to the Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds respectively for wilfully cutting or breaking down any Timber under the said Act.

VIII. And, for the Purpose of regulating and securing to the several Persons now having Right of Common of Pasture in and over the said Forest, the Power of cutting Peat and Turf within lUch Parts of the said Forest as shall not be inclosed by virtue of this Act, be it enacted, That after the said Inclosure shall be made and completed it shall be lawful for all Persons having Right of Common in the said Forest to cut and take Peat and Turves in any Part of the said Forest not inclosed under this Act, without Payment of any Fee or Sum of Money to any Keeper or other Person having Care or Superintendance in the said Forest, for taking the fame; and no Person shall after the said Inclosure shall have been made and completed take, demand or receive any Sum of Money or JFee or other Payment whatever, of or from any Person cutting or

taking

Grants of Indo-forc, Trees, &c. void.

[Penalty.]

No Dear kept in Forest. Rabbits not kept.

in Forest.

Penalties

Breaking down

Inclosures.

Penalty,

f G. 3. c. 48.

Regulating cutting of Tint

IO

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 71, 72. 835

taking such Peat or Turves, on any Pretence whatsoever any Usage or Custom heretofore made or established to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the said Henry General Saving Lord Stawell, and to all Bodies Politic, Cotporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and A(signs, all such Estate, Right,

Title, Interest, Claim and Demand' whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them now have or hath, or could have had or enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been made.

CAP. LXXn.

An Act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of Alice Holt, in the County of Southampton.

[aoth June 1812.]

WHEREAS the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is seised to Himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the Ground and Soil of the Forest of Alice Holt, in the County of Southampton, computed to contain about Two thousand four hundred and twenty seven Acres, exclusive of certain*inclosed Lands therein belonging to His Majesty in Severalty, subject to such Claims of Rights and Interests of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawell, and other Persons, in and over the same as herein after mentioned: And whereas the said Henry Lord Stawell, under and by virtue of a certain Grant of His late Majesty King James the First, bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of November, in the Fifteenth Year Grant g Nor.

of His Reign, is or claims to be seised of or interested in and entitled to the Right of Free Warren and Free5 ' Chafe, and other Rights, Liberties and Privileges, in, over and upon the said Forest; and he the said Henry Lord Stawell also claims to have and receive, so soon as the fame can be made out, a Grant or Letters Patent, of and to hold and enjoy the Office of Ranger of and over the said Forest, and, as annexed or appurtenant to the said Office, the Liberty of Hunting, Shooting and Sporting, in and over the fame Forest, during the Term of his natural Life; and the said Henry Lord Stawell, in respect of his several Manors, which adjoin to or are situate near to the said Forest, likewise is or claims to be entitled to other Rights and Interests, in, upon and over the said Forest, or some Part or Parts thereof: Andvthereas, subject to His Majesty's Rights on the said Forest, certain Persons are or claim to be entitled to Certain Rights of Common in, over ana upon the said Forest: And whereas from the great and increasipg Difficulty of procuring a Supply of Timber from Foreign Countries, and from the Estates of private Individuals in the United Kingdom, it has become necessary to adopt Measures forfecuringa more adequate Supply 6f Timber in this Kingdom; and if His Majesty was empowered to inclose certain Parts of the said Forest, and such Parts were appropriated for the Growth and Preservation of Wood and Timber, the fame would be of great Benefit and Advantage to His Majesty and the Public in general 2 And whereas in order to render the Herbage and Common of Pasture, in such Parts of the said Forest as shall not be inclosed, of much greater Value, and more beneficial to the Persons entitled thereto, His MajesH has consented and agreed, that all the Deer now kept and maintained in the said Forest shall, previons to any Inclosure being made of any Parts thereof, be wholly removed from the said Forest* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to inclose, fever and improve, His Majesty within and out of the Open Waste Lands of the said Forest, in separate Inclosures, such Quantity of Lands as shall may indole in the Whole not exceed One thousand six hundred Acres of the Open and Waste Parts of the said Forest; and 1>art* of Forest, such Inclosures shall be made under and by virtue of a Commission to be granted and issued by His Majesty for that Purpose, and such Commission shall be directed to Three or more such Persons as His Majesty shall think cref*

fit, and such Inclosures shall be set out and made from and out of such Parts or Places of the said Forest as shall be found to be most convenient to be inclosed, and to be belt adapted to the Growth and Produce of Timber; which said Inclosures shall be admeasured by a Sworn Surveyor, and set out and inclosed, butted and bounded* and the Quantities, Butts and Boundaries thereof returned into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, there to remain on Record for ever; and the said Inclosure so set out and made as aforesaid shall remain in Severalty in the actual Possession of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, freed and discharged of and from all manner of Rights, Titles, Pretences, Privileges and Claims whatsoever, (other than and except such as the said Henri Lord Stawell is or may be entitled to as aforesaid) and shall be made and reputed a Nursery or Nurseries'for Timber only; and the said Quantity of One thousand six hundred Acres so authorized to be inclosed as # aforesaid shall be accepted by and on Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as an adequate Compensation for all Right of Soil, or other Right or Claim in or over the remaining Eight hundred and twenty leven Acres of the said Waste Lands of the said Forest; which said remaining Quantity of Eight hundred and twenty seven Acres shall become the Property of the several Persons entitled as aforesaid to certain Rights of .Common in and over the said Forest freed and discharged of and from all Right of Soil, or other Right or Claim of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; saving nevertheless, the Liberties and Privileges.intended to be granted to the said Henry Lord Stawell as hereinbefore mentioned $ and saving also to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, all Timber and other Trees, Underwood, Bushes, Hollies and Thorns,

Heritors and Standils, (landing and being in or upon the said remaining Quantity of Eight hundred and twenty seven Acres, or any Part thereof, with full Power to cut down and carry away the fame, or otherwise to dispose thereof, and to enter on the said Lands for that Purpose from time to time as Occasion may require, fox the Space of Three Years from the passing of this Act.

5 P 2 II. Pro-

?36 C. 72, 73.

5 2

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Inclosures not to impede usual Communication?.

No Rabbits ktft.

Grant of Inclo-

sure, &c. void.

[Penalty.]

All Deer in Forest deftiryed er removed, and no Deer afterwards kept in Forest.

Damaging Trees in l'orcft.

Penalties.

Breaking down Jncli fares. Penalty.

iC. 3. c.

RefiJtnce in Forest not to gain Settlement0 itfnftei.

General Saving.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Inclosures to be made in the said Forest by virtue of this Act shall be made and set out in such manner as not to interrupt or impede the usual and necessary Communications in, over and upon the said Forest.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Rabbits shall be kept on ^ny Part of the said Forest, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

IV. And to the End that the said Inclosures may be preserved in the Crown for Public Use as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That in case any Person whatever shall presume to take or obtain any Gift, Grant, Estate or interest of or in the said Inclosures, or any Wood or Trees growing thereon, every such Gift, Grant, Estate or interest, shall ipso fado be null and void; and tl»e Person so taking the same shall be utterly diiabled to have, hold or enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate or interest, and also shall forfeit Treble the Value of any such Gift or Grant to him who shall first sue for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at U'estminster, by Action of Debt, wherein no Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed to the Defendant.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenue, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the Time being, are and is hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to cause all the Deer in the said Forest to be destroyed, or removed from and out of the said Forest.; and that after the said Inc'ofure shall be made, no Deer whatever shall be kept in any Part of the said Forest, cr within the Limits thereof.

VL And, for the better Preferration of the Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Heritors and Standils growing, or which may hereafter be planted and nourished to grow or be growing in or upon any Part of the said Inclosures so to be made in pursuance of this Act, as well before as after the same shall be inclosed, be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, unlawfully cut down, split, bark, peel, damage, deface, destroy or carry away any Timber Tree or other Tree, Woods or Covert, Green Stick, or any Heritor or Standil within the said Forest as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Punishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to be given, imposed or inflicted upon any Person or Persons committing the like Offence or Offences in the Lands, Grounds, Woods or Coppices, being inclosed, and the private Property of airy of His Majesty's Subjects.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully destroy or take away, or shall break down auy Fence or Inclosure, or any Part thereof, made for the Protection of any Nursery of Wood and Timber as aforesaid, shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and for the Second Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and for the Third Offence shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be transported to any Part beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or be subject to such other Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as the Court before which such Person shall be convicted may direct; and such Penalties shall and may be recovered, and on Non payment thereof the Person who shall forfeit the fame may be committed to Prison, in the manner and for the fame Periods as is specified in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the letter Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs and Plants, m relation to tie Penalties of Twenty Pounds and Thirty Pounds respectively, for wilfully cutting or breaking down any Timber under the said Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons shall, by Residenee in any House, Lodge or other Building erected or to be erected within the said Forest, or by Hiring and Service either for the Preservation of the said Woods or Plantations, or the Game in the said Forest, gaiu thereby any Settlement in the Parish of Binjled in the said County in which the said Forest is situated.

IX. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the said Henry Lord Stawell, and to all Bodies Politic, Co*porate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them now have or bath, or could have had or enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been made#

jCf} 3. c. 10.

CAP. LXXni.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief of the Poor within England, and enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, as Limits the annual Amount of the Assessments.

[27th June 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Relief of the Poor within the several Hundreds, Towns and Dislrids in that Part

of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers Acts of Parliament for the Purpose of the better Main-

tenance and Employment of the Poor; and for enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor within the said several Hundreds, Towns and Dislrids, as to the Assessments to be made upon the several Parishes, Ham-

lets and Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns and Dislrids y for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor; whereby the Directors and Guardians of the Poor within -any Hundred, Town or District in England, incorporated by an Act of Parliament, were empowered to assess the several Parishes, Hamlets and

Places within their respective Hundreds, Towns or Distrifls (being usually liable) in such respective Sums of Money as to such Directots or Guardians Humid appear necessary for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor for the Current Quarter and other Purposes; provided that hich Sums should never exceed in any One

Year, after the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, the Amount of Double

the

A.D. 1812.

4* GEORGII III.

c-73> 74> 75* SS7

by virtue of any such incorporating Act 2 And whereas by reason of the very of Corn and other necessary.Articles of Life, the Amount of the Rates and the Sum liable to be raised

great Increase of the Price of Corn and other necessary.

4 Assessments so limited by the said Act is become inefficient for the necessary Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and other Purposes of the said Act 2* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Mod .Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as limits or provides that from and after the First Day of January So much of One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight the Sums to be assessed by virtue thereof on any Parish, Hamlet 36 0. 3. c. 10. v>r Place, shall never exceed in any One Year Double the Sum then raised by virtue of any incorporating Act the

then exilling, shall be and is hereby repealed. AsseiTments

repealed.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to continue unfit the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of Draining and Cultivating them, and the best means of effecting the same.

[27th June 1812 J

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled

an Act to appoint Commtfioners to enquire and examine, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the PraQicability of Drain--

ing and Cultivating them, and the befi means of ejffeSing the fame, which recited Act was continued until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited : Act should be further continued Be it therew lore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen Until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue, and cause to be issued, over and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Eight thousand nine hundred Pounds, upon the Warrant or Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, which Sums so issued shall be employed by the said Commissioners for the Payment of Surveyors, Engineers, Workmen, Clerks, Messengers and other Officers, and in defraying all the necessary Charges m or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year, in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the Commissioners under the said recited Aor any Four or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals m that Behalf, and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid, in like manoeras Monies granted or imprested for any Public Work*;

and no Fees or other Charges shall be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the fame>

49 G. 3. c. tea.

51G.3. c*

Continued until lit Jan. 1814. ln(h Treasury to issue 8*900l. for the Purposes of 49 G. 3. c. 10a.

CAP. ' LXXV.

Act to provide for the more complete and effectual Liquidation of a Debt due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldsmid, Merchant, and Ills surviving Partners \ and to confirm and establish certain Agreements entered into for that and other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th June 1812,

WHEREAS Abraham Goldsmid of the City of London, Merchant, deceased, and Benjamin Goldfnidof W the said City of London, Merchant, also deceased (the Brother of the said Abraham Goldsmid) did

for several Years carry on in Partnership extensive Mercantile and Stock Concerns; And whereas the said Benjamin Goldsmid departed this Life on the Eleventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight,

and thereupon the Partnership between him and the said Abraham GMfmid was determined: And whereas after the Decease of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, the said Abraham Goldsmid took Nathan Salomons, of the said City of London, into Partnership with.him in all his Stock Concerns, and also took his Son Aaron Gold*

fmid, and Thomas Moxon of the said City of London, into Partnership with him in his said Stock Concerns,

and in all his other Concerns: And whereas the said Benjamin Goldsmid duly signed and published his last Will of n. GoldWill and Tertament in Writing, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred ln8, d» Nov-ao>

and three, and thereby after taking Notice that the greattft Part of his Property was in Bufinefa in Co- I°0, 3'

partnership with his Brother the said Abraham Goldfnid, in whom he had all possible Confidence, he the said Benjamin Goldsmid declared it to be his express Direction and Order, that after the Payment of his Friends and Relations of several Legacies thereinbefore by him given and bequeathed to them, and after inverting A and securing the several Legacies, Provisions and Sums of Money thereinbefore by him particularly directed to be invested and securedfor his Wife, Daughters, Sons and Sifters respectively, and after Payment of all his just Debts and all Claims upon his Estate, his said Brother Abraham Goldsmid might, if he should so think fit and desire it, whether his other Executors should approve it or not, take, keep and use all other Parts of the Rest, Residue and Remainder of his Estate and Effects in his Business, for the Space of Three Years

next after his the said Testator's Decease, if he the said Abraham Goldsmid Should live so long, he the said

Abraham

838

Will of A. Gold, fm id, Nov. zy, 1809.

C. 75. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Abraham GoIdfmid paying and allowing at and after the Rate of Five Pounds Ur Centum per Annum for so much of the said Residue as he should so take, keep or use for his said Bufioels, nevertheless that he should De at Liberty to pay off the fame sooner to his Estate if he should so think (it, and so likewise he the said Testator directed it to be paid, in case of the previous Death of the said Abraham Goldsmid, as soon as conveniently could be after his Decease; and the said Testator further declared his Will and Meaning to be, that as his said Brother Abraham and himself had for many Years carried on Business together in Partnership with the greatest Cordiality and mutual Confidence, and never had any Disputes in their Accounts, and as it was his Intention that his said Brother Abraham should not be called upon or harafied vexatiously by any of his other Executors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim either as Executory Trustees, Legatees or otherwise, under or by virtue of that his Will, therefore it was his express Will and Direction that all and every such Account and Accounts of his said Co-partnership Concerns, and of all Monies and Securities therein belonging to his Estate and Effects, which his said Brother Abraham should after his Decease deliver in to his said other Executors or Legatees, as a full or true Account of the lame respectively, and all and every such Account and Accounts of the fame, should be binding and conclusive to his said Estate, and to all Persons claiming under that his Will, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and hit Taid Brother should not be liable to give or to be called upon for any other Account or Accounts whatsoever, in any manner otherwise howsoever, any Clause, Bequest, Article or Thing in his said Will contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding $ and the said Testator appointed his Brothers George Goldsmid* Afber Goldsmid, and the said Abraham Goldsmid, Executors of his laid Will; and soon after the Deceaseof the said Benjamin Goldsmid, his said Executors duly proved his said Will in the Prerogative Court of the ArchhUhop of Canterbury: And whereas the said Abraham Goldsmid duly signed and pubuihed his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, and thereby after directing his Debts and Funeral Expences to be paid, and after several Bequests in favour of his Wife and of his Children, Jane Loufada Isabella Goldsmid, Efiher Goldsmid and Mary Goldsmid, and after giving several pecuniary and other Legacies, he the said Abraham Goldsmid gave and bequeathed all the Rest and Residue of his Monies, Securities, Stock in the Public Funds, Shares in Public Companies and Undertakings or Initiations, Goods, Chattels and Effects, and all other his Personal Estate and Efie&s which he might be in any manner seised or possessed of, or entitled unto at the time of his Decease, in any manner howsoever, and not by his Will otherwise disposed of, or which might happen to be or to become or to remain undisposed of by that his Will, subject to the Payment of all his just Debts and Funeral and Testamentary Expences and Legacies, and to the several Payments and Appropriations thereinbefore given and directed ana appointed, and also subject to all reasonable Expences to be incurred in the Execution of that his Will, or the Trusts thereof, unto his Executors, upon the Trusts and for the Uses and Purposes thereinafter mentioned, declared and appointed, concerning the same; and the said Testator gave and devised and bequeathed all that his Dwelling House at Moredon, with the Out Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and all other his Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates, situate in the Parishes of Moredon, Merton, Wimbledon and Mitebam, or any or either of them, or elsewhere in the County of Surrey, and all his Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, of every Kind, and all his Real Estates whatsoever and wheresoever, not otherwise by his said Will given, devised or disposed of, and all his Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever therein respectively, unto and to the Use of his Executors thereinafter named, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, according to the Nature and Quality thereof respectively, upon Trust to fell and convert into Money all the fame Freehold, Copy-hold and Leasehold and Real Estates, at such time or times as they should deem most expedient; and the said Abraham Goldsmid did by his said Will declare, direct and appoint, that the Purchase Money to arise from all and every such Sales or Sale respectively, and also. the Rents, Issues and Profits accruing in the mean time, and until such Sale or Sales respectively, for or in re(pe& of such Part or Parts thereof as might be let to any Tenant or Tenants, (subject to all Charges and Expences to be incurred in respect thereof) should be added to, and be deemed, considered and taken as and for and to be Part of the general Re(idue of his Personal Estate, and be paid, applied and disposed of therewith, in the manner and for the Uses and Purposes directed and appointed in re(pe& to his said Personal Estate, and the Interest or Dividends accruing from the Produce thereof, to all Intents and Purposes; and reciting that, from the nature of his Concerns, and the Situation of his Property in various respects, particular Circumstances attending the fame might render a particular Course or Management thereof, or particular Measures as to the fame respectively, necessary or expedient, and as to which it might be inconvenient or hazardous to prescribe any particular Rule or Direction, he the said Abraham Goldsmid* for obviating all Difficulty in that respect, gave by his said Will to his Executors and Trustees for the time being a full, general and absolute Power and Discretion in the Management, Arrangement and Disposition of his said Property and Concerns, in all respects whatsoever, and in the calling in, collecting, receiving, felling, converting and disposing of the fame and every or any Pait or Parts thereof, from time to time, as they should deem most expedient, not being contrary to or mcon-fiftent with the general Provisions and Dispositions of that his Will, or any of them; and the said Abraham Goldsmid also authorized his said Executors and Trustees to compound or release any Debt or Debts, or Monies due or belonging to him or his Estates, as Circumstances might make expedient, and to compromise or refer to Arbitration any Dispute touching his said Property or Concerns or any of them, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions respectively as his said Executors or Trustees should think expedient $ and for obviating the Effect of any Difference of Opinion between his said Executors and Trustees or any of them in respect of any Sale or Sales of the said Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold Estates, or of his Personal Estates and Effects, or any Part thereof respectively, or the Management, Arrangement and Disposition

thereof

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III. C. 75. 839

thereof respectively, or the letting the fame, or otherwise relating thereto or to his said Concerns, he the said«Abraham Goldsmid did by his said last Will and Testament, will, declare and direct that the Direction, Ap-i pointment, Acts and Deeds, from time to time of a Majority of them his said Executors and Trustees for the time being, touching his said Property and Affairs or any of them, signified in Writing under the respect

live Hands of the Persons composing such Majority, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, should be binding and conclusive upon all of them his said Executors and Trustees, and upon all Parties concerned or interested in the Subject or Matter thereof respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and to be carried into Effect accordingly, not being contrary to, or inconsistent with the general Provisions of that his t Will: And after taking Notice of the said Will of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, and that it was his the Tef-

tator's Intention, as soon as Circumstances would permit, to make out an Account and Statement respecting

the Partnership, Property and Concerns of him the said Abraham Goldsmid and of the said Benjamin Gold-

fmidt but left he should not happen to do so during his Life, and in order to effect as far as might be the fame Object, and to obviate as much as in him lay, all Accounts and Reckonings between the respective

Estates and Families of the said Abraham and Benjamin Goldsmid respecting the said Transactions, and to-

wards simplifying the fame, he the said Abraham Goldsmid did, as well as to his own Share, Concern and Interest therein, as also in Furtherance and Execution of the View and Intention of his said Brother in that respect expressed by his said last Will and Testament, will, declare and direct that the actual State of the Partnership Property of him the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said Brother, at the time of his said Brother's 4 Decease, and the clear Amount which should appear upon a proper Statement thereof to have been then remaining due and belonging to them the said Abraham Goldsmid and Benjamin Goldsmid as Partners, including all Stocks, Shares, Securities and Interests whatsoever then standing or being in both or either of their Names, but belonging to the said Partnership, after deduding all Debts and Demands then due and owing by them on account thereof, should be considered and taken as and for the Rule and Criterion of Division between them respecting their said Partnership Property and Concerns, to all Intents and Purposes,

without reference to any Account as between him the Laid Abraham Goldsmid and the said Benjamin Goldsmidy or to any Balance which might happen to be due thereon on either Side, and that each of them and their respective Estates should be considered as entitled to one equal Moiety or Half Part of such clear Amount accordingly, subject to a like equal Moiety or Half Part of the said Debts or Demands due by«them on account of their said Partnership Concerns: And he the said Abraham Goldsmid, after taking Notice«that fmee his Brother's Decease he the said Abraham Goldsmid had made various Payments and Appropria-< tions to the Credit and for the Use of the Estate of the said Benjamin Goldsmid upon account of his said Moiety or Half Part or Share of the said Partnership Property and Concerns, he the said Abraham Gold-( fmid did further will, that after taking Credit for or deduding the Amount of all such Payments and Appropriations last mentioned, and such further or other Payments or Appropriations as he might thereafter make on the fame Account, he the said Abraham Goldsmid, or his Estate, mould be considered as indebted and accountable to his said Brother's Estate for so much of the said Moiety or Half Part or Share of the r said Partnership Property, to be estimated and taken in manner aforesaid, as mould from time to time remain t not paid or appropriated to the particular Use of his Estate as aforesaid, until the Whole thereof should be fully so paid or appropriated; and for the End and Purpose aforesaid, he the said Abraham Goldsmid did by his said Will release, exonerate and discharge his said Brother's Representatives and Estate from all Claims t and Demands which he the said Abraham Goldsmid or his Estate could or might have or claim thereon in respect of any Balance due by the said Benjamin Goldsmid to him the said Abraham Goldsmid, at the time of his Decease, upon any Account then fubfitling between him the said Benjamin Goldsmid and the said Abraham Goldsmid, in respect of their said Partnership or other Transactions or Concerns with each other in any manner howsoever, subject only to such Division as thereinbefore was directed and appointed in respect thereof; and he the said Abraham Goldsmid did further will, declare and direct, that except as far as might be necessary for g effecting such Division as aforesaid, and as anting out of the fame, no other Account or Reckoning whatever t should be stated or entered into between their respective Estates in any manner howsoever: And the said Abraham Gold [mid appointed his Brother the said Asher Goldsmid, and his Sons Aaron Goldsmid and Moses

Goldsmidi and the said Thomas Moxon and Daniel Eliafon, to be Executors of his said will; and in case any of his Executors thereinbefore named should happen to die, or should refuse or decline to ad in the Execution of that his Will, or the Trufla or Purposes thereof, or should desire to withdraw from being such Executor or Trustee, in every such case respectively he authorized his said Wife, and his said Two Sons Aaron and Moses Goldsmid, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and the other Executors and Trustees of his Will for the time being, or the major Part of them, to appoint by Writing under the Hands of the Persons composing such Majority, One other competent Person to be such Trustee, instead of any of them his said Executors or Trustees who should so die, or refuse or decline to ad, or desire to withdraw as aforesaid and that upon every such Occasion respectively the proper and suitable Acts, Deeds, Matters and Things to % 4 be executed and effected, for transferring and veiling all his then surviving Monies, Property, Estate and Effect 8, to and in such new Trustee, together with the other or remaining of the said Executors or Trustees for the time being, upon the fame Trails and for the same Uses and Puraofes, and with the fame Powers,

Privileges and Authorities as were therein provided and appointed in respect thereof, or such of them as for the time being should remain to be performed, and so toties quoties as often as the case should happen or require: And whereas the said Abraham Goldsmid departed this Life in the Month of September One thovlfand

eight hundred and ten; and the said Aaron Goldsmidy Moses Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Daniel Eliafonr duly proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury, Power being reserved to the said Asher Goldsmid to prove the fame 5 and the said Asher Goldsmid hath tince in due Form of Law

renounced

840 C. 75- 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Deed Poll,

26 Nov. 1810.

ebt of

*66, 700l. due to the Crown.

Agreement entered into not to enf 'ice Payment of Debt due to Ciotvn, h it to (land on unequal Footing with other P.ntner-ship Debts, and prov.ding far the

renounced the Probate thereof: And whereas by a Deed Poll or Instrument in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty sixth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and ten, under the Hand and Seal of the said Asher Goldsmid, and duly inrolled in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, after reciting, amongst other things, that the said Asher Goldsmid had renounced the Probate of the find Will of the said Abraham Goldsmidy and had not in any respect acted in the several Trusts by the said Will reposed in him, or executed any of the Powers or Authorities thereby delegated to him, and was desirous of disclaiming the fame in the manner thereinafter mentioned, It was witnessed, that he the said Asher GMfmid did thereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, fully, absolutely and irrevocably# disclaim all and every Uses, Estates, Trusts, Powers and Authorities given or delegated to him the said Asher Goldsmidy jointly with the said Aaron Goldsmidy Moses Goldsmidy Thomas Moxcm and Daniel Eliafon, in and by the said Will of the said Abraham Goldsmidy of, in, to, upon or over the Messuages, Tenements, Hereditaments and 'Real Estate, and also of, in, to, upon or over the Sums of Money, annual or in gross, Stocks, Securities and other the Personal Estate, and all and singular other the Premises given, devised, limited and bequeathed in and by the said Will of the said Abraham Goldsmidy and all and singular the Estate, Share, Property, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Possession, Freehold Property* Possibility, Challenge, Claim and Demand whatsoever of him the said Asher Goldsmidy of, in, to or out of the said Real and Personal Estate, and every or any Part and Parcel thereof, as Devisee or Trullee, or as one of the Devisees or Trustees of the Will of the said Abraham Goldsmid: And whereas at the time of the Decease of the said Abraham Goldsmid there were divers Securities and other Partnership Effects of the said late Copartnership between the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldsmid remaining in Specie in the Hands of the said Abraham Goldsmidy or otherwise unconverted by the said Abraham Goldsmid at the time of his Death, and such Securities and other Partnership Effects, upon the Decease of the said Abraham Goldsmidy veiled at Law in his Executors, but subject in Equity to be applied in the lirft Place to the Payment of such Debts (if any) of the said late Copartnership between the said Benjamin and Abraham Goldsmidy as remain un fat is lied, and then to be divided, between the respective Estates of the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldsmidy according to the Shares and Proportions which it Should appear, upon the Settlement of the said Copartnership Accounts* that the said respective Estates were beneficially interested in and entitled to the Copartnership Stock and Property: And whereas at the Time of the Decease of the said Abraham Goldsmidy each of the said Partner-ships of Abraham Goldsmidy Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and Abraham Goldsmidy Aaron Goldsmidy Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, was possessed of great Property, and was liable to great Debts and Demands, and was engaged in extensive and complicated Concerns; and particularly there was due to the King's Most Excellent Majesty from the said Copartnerships of Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and of Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and Nathan Salomons, the Sum of four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds or thereabouts; and the said Abraham Goldsmid and each of the said Partners had a separate Estate, and owed Money on his separate Account: And whereas upon the Decease of the said Abraham Goldsmid, the Probability that a judicious and regular Administration of their Property might make the fame produce its real and full Value, and thereby raise a Sum sufficient to satisfy all the Claims and Demands on the fame, but that if the fame were instantaneoully and summarily attached or disposed of, the Value thereof would be prodigioufty lessened, and the Money produced by it would certainly fall very short of answering even the Demand of the Crown upon the fame, and leave nothing for the other Creditors, was strongly represented to the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, who thereupon agreed, that so long as the Adjustment of the Affairs of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said surviving Partners should becondu&ed to the Satisfaction of Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, all of the City of London aforesaid, Merchants, the Prerogative Rights and Remedies of the Crown should not be enforced for recovering the Debt of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds from the said Partnership Estate, or the separate Estate of the said Abraham Goldsmid or his Partners, and that the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, should stand upon an equal Footing with the other Partnership Debts of the said Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, and o? the Partnership Debts of the said Abraham Goldsmidy Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and of the said Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmidy Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomonsy and should be paid in part pajfu with the said Partnership Debts; but upon the express Understanding, that if the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring t William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Two of them, or such Persons as should be thereafter nominated Inspectors of the said Affairs, or any Two of them, should disapprove of the Administration of the said Affairs, or from any other Cause should deem it advisable that any Crown Process should issue against the Estate6 and Effects of the said Aaron Goldsmidy Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, and the Estate and Effe&6 late of the said Abraham Goldsmidy the propos'd Arrangement should not prejudice the Right of His Majesty to issue such Process as His Majesty should be advihd to have Recourse to in order to enforce the Payment of the said Debt of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as should from time to time remain uufeu&fied: Ami whereas for the Purpose of effect -ing the Arrangement aforesaid, and affording the means of the Indulgence offered on Behalf of His Majesty being granted, which was deemed highly beneficial and necessary to the most advantageous Management of the Concern, the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward % were nominated by the Lords Conyiuffioners of His Majesty's Treasury, Inspectors for the Superintendence, Direction and C mtioulo: the fmd Concerns; and it was agreed that a Deed should be forthwith prepared for jurying the Objects of the Parties into immediate Execution: And whereas the fold .Thomas Baimbrutge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, accepted the said Inspectorship; And whereas

I__.-A

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 75. 841

4 by an Indenture bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and ten, manner of L'qu?-

and made or expressed to be made between the said Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomonst the same.

of the First Part; the said Aaron Goldsmid, Moses Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Daniel Eliafon, as such

acting Executors of the last Will and Testament of the said Abraham Goldsmid, of the Second Part; the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward9 as such Inspector*.

as aforesaid, of the Third Part; the said George Goldsmid and Asher Goldsmid, as the surviving Executors of the last Will and Testament of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, of the Fourth Part; and the several Persons

other than the Parties thereto of the First, Second, Third and Fourth Parts, who by themselves or their respective Agents or Attornies had severally subscribed their Names and affixed their Seals* or should sub-

feribe their Names and affix their Seals thereto of the Fifth Part; it was witnessed, that all the Persons who were Parties thereto of the First, Second, Fourth and Fifth Parts, did thereby fully and irrevocably approve of the Nomination and Appointment of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, to be Inspe&ors, for the Superintendence, Direction and Controul of the said Partnership Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said respective surviving Partners, and of the said separate Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said respective surviving Partners, in manner ? thereinafter mentioned \ and they the said Parties thereto of the First, Second and Fifth Parts, did thereby further absolutely and irrevocably give full Power and Authority to the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander

Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, to superintend, diredfc and controul the Management of the said Partnership Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said respective surviving Partners, and of ? the said separate Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said respective surviving Partners, as they should in their Discretion think proper, subject to the Regulations thereinafter contained; and for that Purpose to employ in and about the fame such Attornies, Agents or other Persons, and to give them such Salaries or Emolu*

ments as they should think proper: And the said Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts did thereby direct, require and enjoin the Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts to obey,

and to their utmost Power and Ability execute, or cause to be executed, the Directions which the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, should give in respect

4 to the said Partnership Concerns, or any of them, or the separate Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid,

4 or of the Parties thereto of the First Part, for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned, or any of them: And it was thereby provided, agreed and declared, between and by the Parties thereto, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, at any time whatsoever, by Writing under their respective Hands,

4 to be indorsed on the said Indenture, or a Duplicate thereof, but fubied, and without Prejudice, to what should have been then already done under the fame, to declare the said Deed, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, to be at an End: And it was thereby also witnessed, that the said several Persons, Parties thereto, of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, did give and grant unto each of them the several Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, thenceforth and until the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should,

4 by Writing under their respective Hands, to be indorsed on the said Indenture or a Duplicate thereof,

declare the said Licence to he determined and at an End, full and free Liberty, Licence ana Safe-conduct*

Power and Authority to go about, attend to, follow, negociate and manage, under the immediate and absolute Inspection, Superintendence, Direction and Controul of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, the Affairs, Business, Matters and Things whatsoever, of the said rartnership Estates and separate Estates at any Place or Places whatsoever in England or elsewhere, without any Let, Suit, Trouble, Arrest, Attachment or other Impediment, to be offered or done unto them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, or any of them, by the said several Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, or any of them, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Partners, or by their or any of their Means or Procurement; and each and every of the Persons who,

were Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts did thereby for himself, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Partners, grant to the said several Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second«Parts, and to their respective Executors and Administrators, that if any of the said Persons who were«Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, or any other Person or Persons, by the Means or Procurement of any of them, should, during the Continuance of the Licence thereinbefore granted, molest, impede or arrest«any of the said Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, or should attach or take«in Execution the Person or Persons, or the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of them or any«of them, or of the said Abraham Goldsmid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Indenture*

then such of them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts as should be so molested, impeded«or arrested, or whole Estate and Effects should be so attached or taken in Execution, and their or his Heirs*

Executors and Administrators, and the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, if the fame1 or any Part thereof should be so attached or taken in Execution contrary to the tfue Intent and Meaning oT«the said Indenture, should thenceforth be, and he and they and the fame Estate and Effects was and were«thereby clearly and for ever acquitted, exonerated and discharged of and from all Actions, Suits, Debts,

Covenants, Securities, Claims and Demands whatsoever, at Law and in Equity, of the Person or Person*

4 by whom, or by whose Means or Procurement such Impediment, Molestation, Arrest, Attachment or Execution should have been occasioned, and that the said Letter of Licence should in any or either of said cases

operate as a Release, and should or might be pleaded in Bar to such respective'Debts, and to'any Prosecution, Suit, Action, Attachment, Arrest or Process, which should in the mean Time be brought, commenced*

sued or prosecuted concerning the same Debts against any of the said Persons Parties thereto of the First

52.GK0. III. 5 Q, and

84* C. 7J- 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

and Second Parts, or the Estate and Effedfs of any of the said Parties of the First and Second Parts, or against the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid: And it was thereby agreed and declared, between and by the Parties thereto, that in respect of the Persons who were Parties thereto of the Fifth Part,

the Two Partnerships of the said Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid and Thomas Moxon, and Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, should, as to all the Purposes of the said Indenture, be considered as forming together One Co-part nerftiip, and both of them be considered as equally liable to the Claims and Demands upon each of them: And it was thereby further witnessed, that in Consideration of the aforesaid Grant and Covenants on the Part of the said Persons Parties thereto of the Fourth and Fifth Parts, the several Persons Parties thereto of the First Part did jointly for themselves,

their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and each of them did separately for himself, his Heirs, Exe-

cutors and Administrators, covenant, promise and agree with and to the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofefh Denison and George Ward, their Executors, Administrators and Amgns, in man-

ner following; that 13 to say, that they the said Parties thereto of the First Part should and would forth*

with, or by such Time as should be fixed by the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofefh Denison and George Ward, if they should think proper to fix the fame, cause to be made up a true and exact Account in Writing of all the Partnership and separate Estates, Effects and Concerns of the said Abraham

Goldsmid, and his said respective surviving Partners, of what Nature or Kind soever, as well Real as Personal,

of them the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the several Charges, Outgoings and Incumbrances then affectf ng the fame, and should and would sign the fame with their respective Names, in their own Handwriting, and deliver the said Account so signed by them, unto the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Bar ing, William Jofefh Denison and Creorge Ward, and that they the said Parties thereto of the First Part should and would during the Continuance of the said Letter of Licence, manage and transact the Affairs and Business of the said Co-partnership and separate Concerns of the said Abraham Goldsmid and his said

surviving Partners, for the Benefit of their Creditors, in the best manner they respectively were able to do,

and from time to time observe, perform, fulfil and* execute all the Orders, Directions, Resolutions and In-

structions of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofefh Denison and George Ward, and

use their best and utmost Means and Endeavours to convert into Money the said Partnership Estate and

Effects, and to collect and get in the Debts owing to the fame, and to discharge all and every the Debts owing by them in the manner thereinafter mentioned, as soon as might be; And further, that the said Parties thereto of the First Part should and would from time to time pay all the Monies which should be

received by them or any of them from the Produce of the Partnership and separate Estate and Effects of

them the said Parties thereto of the First Part into the Bank of England, in the joint Names of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and should and would deposit in the Bank of England all Deeds, Writings, Bonds, Obligations, Bills, Notes or other Securities, which were then in their Possession, or which should cprae to their nespective Hands; And that the Monies arising from the Estate and Effects of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and to be so paid into the Bank as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned,

should not be drawn out otherwise than by Draft signed by Two at least of the said Parties thereto of the First Part 5 And that all Securities for Money which should be so deposited in the Bank should be disposed of from time to time as the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofefh Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should direct: And the several Persons Parties thereto of the Second Part did enter into Covenants with the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofefh Denison and George Ward, similar to the Covenants entered into by the said Parties thereto of the First Part with the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofefh Denison and George Ward; and it was thereby provided that nothing therein contained should extend or be considered to extend to authorize or permit the

laid Parties thereto of the Second Part, or any of them, to pay, apply, dispose of or appropriate the fjpecific Monies, Property, Effects or Securities, or the Produce thereof belonging to the late Partnership between the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldsmid, to the Payment of the separate Debts or to the Use of the said separate Estate of the said Abraham Goldsmid, further or beyond the Amount or Proportion in which the Estate of the said Abraham Goldsmid should appear to have a beneficial Interest in the Partnership Stock upon the Settlement of the said Partnership Accounts of the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldsmid: And the several Persons who were Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts did thereby covenant with the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Jofefh Denison and George Ward, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in manner following; that is to say, that the said Parties thereto of the

First and Second Parts should and would from time to time keep proper Books of Account of the Partner-9 ship and frparate Estate and Effects of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the Partnership and separate Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and the Management and Disposition of the 0 fame respectively, and of all the Concerns of the fame respectively, and make or cause to be made in the said Books true and proper Entries of all Receipts, Payments and Disbursements, and of all such other 0 Transactions, Matters and Things as were agreeable to the Custom of Merchants, or which ought to be

entered in the fame, for giving to the said Inipe&ors a clear and full Knowledge of the said several Concerns

and all Things relating thereto, distinguishing such Parts of their said Receipts, Payments and Transactions 0 (if any) as felate to the Property or Affairs of the late Copartnership between the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldsmid9 from the general and separate Estate or Affairs of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and r of all Acts, Deeds, Transactions, Matters or Things done in the fame by the Parties thereto of the First9 and Second Parts, or by their Procurement; and preserve in a proper and regular manner all Letters, 9Writings and other Documents respecting the Concerns of the said Copartnership or separate Estates, or any

of t hero, which then were in their Possession or Power, or which should thereafter come to their Possession or

5 ' Power

A.D. 181a.

52° GEORGII III. C. 75. 8+3;

Power, and enter and keep Copies of all Letters written by them; and should and would permit the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any of them, from time to time and at all times to examine and inspect the said Books of Account, and all other Papers,

Letters and Writings relating to the Management of the said Estates and Effects respectively, and aHo permit the same to be examined by the said Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, so far as the fame related to or concerned the Affairs or Concerns of the said late Copartnership of the said Benjamin and Abraham Gold* fmid; and should and would upon their or any of their Requells make and give Copies and Extracts of the same to them or any of them, or to any Person or Persons appointed by them or any of them; and also should and would ir thereunto required by the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, verify the Truth of such Accounts and Statements upon Oath before One of the Mailers of the Court of Chancery 5 and further they the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, would not, in the Ad minift ration of the aforesaid Estates and Effects under the said Deed, give any Preference or Priority of Payment to auy Creditor upon the said Estates or Effects over any other of the said Creditors, or do or suffer to be done, any Act, Deed, Matter or Thing whatsoever, whereby any of the Partnership or separate Creditors of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, or of the said Abraham Gold-fmid, should or might obtain any Security or Securities for his or their Debt or Debts, or any Preference or Priority in the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, before the others of the said Creditors, save and except that any One or more such of the fame Creditors whose respective Debts should not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or who should be willing to accept the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for the fame, might be paid out of the separate Estate of the said Abraham Goldsmid, or his Proportion of the specihc Partnership Estate of the said Benjamin Goldsmid and Abraham Goldsmid, the whole of such their said Debts, or accepted Satisfaction for the fame, if the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, should consent thereto, but not otherwise; and that none of them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts should release any Debt or Debts owing to the said Copartnership, or either of them, or to any of the Parties thereto, on his separate Account, or to the Estate of the said Abraham Goldsmid, or bring any Action or Suit for recovering any such Debt or Debts, or compromise the fame, without the Advice and Approbation of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring,

William Joseph Denison and George Ward; but nevertheless it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that it should be lawful for the Parties thereto of the First Part, (but subject to 'the Right of Examination thereinafter mentioned, if the fame should be infilled upon, ) to admit any Person or Persons a Creditor or Creditors, under or by virtue of the said Indenture, for any Debt or Debts claimed by him or them from the said Partnership Estate and Effects, or their said separate Estate and Effects, upon such Evidence as the said Parties thereto of the First Part should deem reasonable; and also that it should be lawful for the said Parties thereto of the First Part, with the Approbation in Writing of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, but not otner- wife, to compromise the Amount of any Debt claimed by any of the Creditors on the said Funds 5 and in like manner that it should be lawful for the said Parties thereto of the Second Part, to admit any Person or Persons a Creditor or Creditors, under or by virtue of the said Indenture, for any Debt or Debts claimed by him or them from the separate Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, as to them the said Parties thereto of the Second Part should seem reasonable, and with the Approbation in Writing of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, but not otherwise, to compromise the Amount of any Debts claimed by any Creditor or Creditors on the said Fund; And it was provided and agreed between and by the said Parties thereto, that in case of any Difference or Dispute it should be lawful for the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, to ascertain and appoint the Fund on which any Claimant or Claimants ought to be deemed Creditor or Creditors, and also to separate, distinguish and allot the separate from the Partnership Property, and to ascertain, adjust and settle the State of the said Account between the said Two Partnerships of the said Abraham Goldsmid, Aaron Goldsmid, and Thomas Moxon and Abraham Gold-fmid, Aaron Goldsmid, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, for the Purpose of dividing the Fund between them, or their Representatives 5 And it was thereby also agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that any Creditor or Creditors who had any Security or Pledge for any Debt or Debts or any Part thereof, should or might execute the said Indenture, without Prejudice to the fame Security or Securities, and convert the fame Security or Securities into Money, and receive a Dividend rateably with the other Creditors on so much of the fame Debt or Debts as should not be answered or paid out of the Produce of the fame Security or Securities; And the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parti did thereby covenant with the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, their Executors, Administrators and Amgns, in manner following; that is to say, that when and so soon as the Monies which should arise from the Partnership Effects of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and the separate Estate and Effects late of the said Abraham Goldsmid, should be sufficient to pay Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Debts payable out of the said Fund, the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts should and would make a rateable Dividend to that Amount on the said Debt or Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and on all the Partneiship Debts of the several Persons who were Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, without Preference or Priority one to the other, and a further Dividend from time to time, so often as the Money in hand applicable to the Payment of the said Partnership Debts should bear the Proportion of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum to the then Capital of the said Partnership Debts, until a full Dividend of Twenty Shillings in the Pound should be made on the Whole of the said Debt of Four hundred and

5 Q a

le

C. 75» 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

ixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and on all the Partnership Debts, to the Parties thereto, or until he Whole of the said Partnership Fund should be exhausted 5 and it was thereby provided and agreed, that t fhopld be lawful for the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings William Joseph Denison £nd George Ward> to direct an earlier Dividend to be made of the said Partnership Estate and Effects, and the fame hould be made accordingly 5 and it was thereby also provided and agreed, that when and so often as any such Dividend as aforesaid should be made of the said Partnership Fund, the said Parties thereto of the First Part should, as soon as conveniently might be, make a Dividend of all Monies which should have been received by them the said Parties thereto of the First Part, from their separate Estate and Effects, unto and amongst all the separate Creditors of them the said Parties thereto of the First Part who should execute the said Indenture, after the fame Rate as that of the Dividend which should have been then last made of the said Partnership Effects, or as near to the same as circumstances would admit; and that then and so often as any such Dividend as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned should be made of the said Partnership Fund, then and so often as the Parties thereto of the Second Part should make a Dividend of all Monies which should have come to the Hands of them the said Parties thereto of the Second Part, on account of the separate Estates and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmidy unto and amongst all the separate Creditors of the fame Estates and Effects of the said Abra* ham Goldsmid, who should execute the said Indenture, after the fame Rate as that of the Dividend which should have been then last made of the said Partnership Effects, or as near thereto a3 the circumstances of the case would admit; But it was thereby expressly agreed and declared, that no Dividend should be made of the Fund arising from the separate Estate and Effects of the Parties thereto of the First Part, or from the separate Estate and Effe£U of the said Abraham Goldsmid\ without the Consent and Approbation of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings William Joseph Denison and George Wards or any Three of them; and it was thereby provided and agreed, that if the Funds applicable to the Payment of the Debts of the said Partnership, and immediately available to the fame, should be exhausted and prove insufficient to pay Twenty Shillings in the Pound on the whole Amount of the said Debts, and the Funds applicable to the Payment of the separate Debts of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the said Abraham Goldsmid, should be more than adequate for that Purpose, then the Overplus or Excess of the Fund applicable to the Payment of the said separate Debts should, so far as the fame should be wanted to make up the Payment of Twenty Shillings in the Pound of the Debts of the said Partnership, be applied in Aid of the Funds applicable towards the said Debts of the said Partnership$ And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if the Foods applicable to the Payment of the separate Debts of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the said Abraham Goldsmid, should be adequate to pay a larger Dividend on the said separate Debts of the Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the said Abraham Goldsmid, than the said Partnership Fund immediately available would be sufficient to pay on the Partnership Debts of the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and of the said Abraham Goldsmid, then the Funds applicable to the Payment of the said separate Debts should, so far as the fame would extend, to be brought in Aid of the Funds applicable to the Payment of the Debts of the said Partnership, and immediately available for that Purpose, so as to make the Dividends on the Debts of the said Partnership equal to the Dividends on the said separate Debts, but it should be wholly left to the said Thomas hambridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Wardy to decide on the Availabieness or Adequacy of the said Funds, and the Application of said separate Funds, in manner therein and hereinbefore mentioned; And it was thereby further agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if any Part of the Fund applicable for the Payment of the Debts of the said Partnership should remain after answering and satisfying the Debts of the said Partnership, then the Surplus or Excess of the said Funds, if wanted for that Purpose, should, fb far as the fame would extend, be brought in Aid of the Funds applicable for the Payment of the separate Debts of the said Partners and the separate Debts of the said Abraham Goldsmid, according to the respective Interests of the said Partners and of the said Abraham Goldsmid therein y ai»d it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that all Debts owing from the said Parties thereto of the First Part, as well on the said Partnership as on their said separate Accounts, and all the Debts owing from the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmidy to the several Persons Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, or any of the said Debts, should be submitted to the Examinations of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them, if they respectively should think proper and require; and for this Purpose it was thereby agreed and declared that the said Thomas Bain-bridge, Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them, should and might require the fame Debts to be verified by the Affidavits of the fame several Creditors, stating the Amount and Consideration of the fame, and other circumstances relating thereto, which Affidavits should be sworn before a Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or Magistrate of the District in which the Party from whom the fame should be required should relide, and should and might call for such Documents, Vouchers and Papers from the Persons whose Debts should be so under Consideration, as the said Thomas BainlridgCy Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Wardy should think fit, and that the Determination of the said Inspec-tor8, or any Three of them, should be final, binding and conclusive on all Parties entitled to any Interest or Benefit under the said Indenture; And it was thereby further agreed and declared, that the Amount of the respective Debts of the said several Creditors, Parties thereto, after the fame should have been determined by the said Inspectors, or any Three of them, should be written opposite to the Signatures of such respective Creditors, under different Heads, distinguishing the Funds or Fund out of which the lame should be payable: And the said several Persons who were Parties thereto of the First Part, did thereby covenant with the said < Thomas BainbridgCy Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Wardy their Executors and Ad- Jftimstrators, that they the said Parties thereto of the First Part should and would at any tune thereafter dur-

ing

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III. C. 75. 845

ing the Cftntinuance of the said Letter of Licence, upon the Request of the said Thomas Bambridge, Alex*

ander Barings William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them* convey, surrender, assign'or otherwise a(Ture all or any Part or Parts of the Real and Personal Estate and Effects whatsoever and where- % soever, of* in, or to which the said Parties thereto of the First Part, or any* of them, were or was seised, possessed, interested or intitled, and the Income and Produce of the fame, either unto any Person or Persons who

should purchase the fame* and to whom or to the Use of whom the said Thomas Ba inbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them, should direct the same to be conveyed, assigned or surrendered, or unto, inch Person or Persons as the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them, should di<*e£t the same to be conveyed, assigned, surrendered or otherwise afltired, for the Purpose of felling or otherwise disposing off the fame and making the Vakie and Produce thereof available for the Objects of the said Indenture; amd the said several Persons who are Parties thereto of the Second Part did covenant with the said Thomas Bain-

bridge, Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Wardy their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, that they the said Parties thereto of the Second Part should and would at any time thereafter during the Continuance of the said Letter of Licence, upon the Request of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, convey, surrender or assign*

or otherwise assure all the Real and Personal Estate and Effects whatsoever and wheresoever, of, in, or to

which the Parties thereto of the Second Part, or any of them, were or was seized, possessed, interested or en-

titled as Devisees and Executors of the said Abraham Goldsmidy and the Income or Produce of the fame, to any Person or Persons who should purchase the fame, ^nd to or to the Use of whom the said Thomas Bain-

bridge, Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them, should direct the same to be conveyed, amgned, surrendered or otherwise assured, or unto such Person or Persons as the said

Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them,

should direct the same to be conveyed, assigned, surrendered or otherwise assured, for the Purpose of felling or otherwise disposing of the fame, and making the Value or Produce of the fame available for the Objects of the said Indenture: And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that the Money payable for the Purchase of any Real or Personal Estate or Effects which should be sold under any of the Provisions of said Indenture, should be paid into the Bank of England, and that if the Estate or EffeCU 4 so fold should be the Partnership Property, or the separate Property of the Parties thereto of the First Part,

the fame should be paid 4< to the Account of the Parties thereto of the First Partand if the Estate or Effects so fold should be the Property of the Parties thereto of the Second Part, as Executors or Devisees of the said Abraham Goldsmidy the fame should be paid " to the Account of the Parties thereto of the Second 4t Part 5" and the Receipt of any of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, for any of the said Sums of Money,

should effectually discharge the Person or Persons to whom the fame should be given, from being obliged to fee to the Application, or from being answerable for the Misapplication thereof: And it was thereby provided and declared, that both in respect to the Securities to be deposited, and the Sums to be paid into the Bank of England, as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, Care should be taken to distinguisti those in which the Executors of the said Benjamin Goldsmid are interested from the others, and particularly the joint Property of the said late Partnership of the said Benjamin and Abraham Goldsmidy remaining in Specie at the Death of the said Abraham Goldsmidy and to have separate Accounts opened and kept for the fame,

and that the Deeds which should be executed by the Parties thereto of the First Part, or the Parties thereto of the Second Part, or any of them, for the Purposes last therein and hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, should contain such Covenants and Agreements by the Parties, or any of them, for the Title to the Property thereby conveyed, assigned or otherwise assured, and for theejuiet Possession, free from Incumbrances, and further AiTurance of the fame, and all such other Covenants, Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements, as the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baringy William Joseph Denison and George Wardy or any Three of them, should direct-; And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if in consequence of any Directions as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, the Real and Personal Estates therein and hereinbefore mentioned, or any Part thereof, should be conveyed and assigned by the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, or any of them, to Trustees upon Trust for Sale, then the fame Trustees should stand and be possessed of and interested in the Mooies a riling by Sale of the said Estate and Effects, or any Part thereof, upon and for the Trusts, Intents and Purposes which the fame Monies would have been applicable unto in the Hands of the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts if such Sales had been effected by them the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts, but the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any of them,

should have full Power and Authority to remove the said Trustees, or any -of them, and to substitute One or more Person or Persons in their or any of their Stead, or to ad in Conjunction with them; And it was thereby provided and agreed, that as between the said Parties thereto of the First Part, and the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, and the Estate and Eflfeds of the said Benjamin Goldsmid, nothing therein expressed and contained should be construedto alter or vary the Interests of the said several Parties thereto of the First Part, and the Interest of the said Parties thereto of the Second Part as Executors and Devisees of the said Abraham Goldsmidy and of the Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, as the Executors of the said Benjamin Goldsmidy except that the Management of the Estate of the said Abraham and Benjamin Goldsmid was to be carried on under the Trulls and Powers of the said Indenture and that if any of the several Funds thereinbefore mentioned should be resorted to out of its Course, for any of the Purposes therein and hereinbefore mentioned, the Amount of what should be so subtracted from it should be made good to it out of the Fund in Aid of which such Subtractions should have been made} And it was thereby agreed and

' declarei

846 C. 75* 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 18n,

declared between and by the Parties thereto, that in case of Difference or Dispute, all unsettled Accounts,

Reckonings and Transactions whatsoever between the Estates of the said Benjamin Goldsmid and the said Abraham Goldfmtd, should, when and so often, and so far as the circumstances of the case would admit,

be referred to the Arbitrament and Determination of Three Persons, One of whom should be chosen by the said Inspectors or Inspector for the time being, and another by the Executors or Administrators of the said

Benjamin Goldsmidy and the Third bvthe Two Persons who should befo first chosen, and that the said Arbitrators, or any Two of them, should certify, by Writing under their Hands, whether any and what Balance was in their Judgment due from the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldfmtd to the Estate and Effects of the said Benjamin Goldfmtd, or from the Estate and Effects of the said Benjamin Goldfmtd to the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldfmtd, and such Certificate should be binding, final andconclusive upon all the Parties thereto; and that if it should be found that a Balance was due from the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldfmtd to the Estate and Effects of the said Benjamin Goldfmtd, then the said Parties thereto of the Fourth Part, as such Executors of the said Benjamin Goldfmtd, should be Creditors on the separate Estate and Effects of the hid Abraham Goldsmid for the Amount of the said Balance, and should be paid rateably and proportionally with the said Creditors on the said Fund: And it was thereby further agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that in case the said Parties thereto of the Fourth Part should find it necessary or deem it advisable to act under the Sanction of a Court of Equity in carrying into Effect the proposed Arrangement for the Adjustment of the said unsettled Accounts, such of the Parties thereto who4 should be a necessary or proper Party to a Suit to be instituted in the said Court for the Purpose aforesaid,

should concur .therein and promote the Object thereof, and that nothing therein contained should interfere with or in any manner operate against any Directions respecting the Estate of the said Benjamin Goldsmid\

which in such a Suitor otherwise should be given or made by any of His Majesty's Courts of Equity: And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if any of the Parties thereto of the First Part should in the Judgment of the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, make Default in performing all or any of the Covenants,

Stipulations and Agreements therein and hereinbefore mentioned, which it was or should be incumbent on such Persons to perform, and the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should certify such Default by Writing under their Hands indorsed on the said Indenture, or a Duplicate thereof, such Certificate should be conclusive Evidence of the Fast, and then immediately thenceforth every Article, Clause, Matter and Thing thereinbefore contained, which restrain the said Creditors, or any of them, from suing or inforcing Payment of their respective Debts from the Perfoif '

so making Default, should cease, determine and be utterly void to all Intent9 and Purposes whatsoever; but nevertheless the Covenants and Agreements thereinbefore entered into by the Party making Default as aforesaid, should in respect to him and all Persons claiming under him, be in full Force and Effect, but so as not to disturb the Arrangement thereby made or intended to be made of the Partnership or separate Property of such Person: And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that the Inspectors named therein and to be appointed as thereinafter was mentioned, should keep or cause to be kept Minutes of all their Proceedings and Transactions in and about the Matters aforesaid, which should be accessible at all reasonable times to the said Creditors or any of them: And it was thereby further agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that it should be lawful for the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Baring,

+ William Joseph Denison and George Ward, to direct by what Number and by which One or more of them any of the Powers and Authorities thereinbefore given to them might be exercised, except only in respect to the Powers and Authorities to the Exercise of which the Concurrences of Three or Two of them was thereinbefore made necessary; and further, that it should be lawful for the said Inspectors for the time being, or any Three of them, to direct the Costs, Charges and Expences incurred previously to and attending the Execution thereof, and the Arrangement intended to be made thereby, and the Costs, Charges and Expences«which should be incurred in the Execution of the Trusts and Purposes aforesaid, and out of which Fund the fame should be paid; and to make such Allowance to the Parties thereto of the First Part, or to their respecttive Families, and to the Family of the said Abraham Goldsmid, for their respective Maintenance and Sup-

port, as to the said Thomas Bainbridge, Alexander Barings William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any«Three of them, should seem reasonable, yet so that the Monies to be allowed for Maintenance to each of the Families and to the Family of the said Abraham Goldsmid, should be paid so far as might be practicable out of the separate Estate and Effects of the Party to whom, or to whose Family such Allowance should be«made; And it was thereby agreed and declared between and by the Parties thereto, that if the said Thomas .4 Bainbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any of them, or any Person to be

chosen an Inspector in their or any of their Places or Stead, as therein and herein after is mentioned, should depart this Life, or decline to act or become incapable of acting in the said inspectorship, or desire any Person or Persons to be associated with them or him in the fame, then and in such case, and so often as the fame should happen, it should be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being,

to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be an Inspector or Inspectors in the Place or Stead of the«Person or Persons who should so die or decline or become incapable to act as aforesaid, or to act in Conjunc*

tion with the Inspector or Inspectors for the time being; and that every Inspector so to be appointed as t lastly hereinbefore mentioned should have such and the like Powers and Authorities in every respect as the«Person in whose Room he should have been appointed, or in Conjunction with whom he should have been t appointed: And it was thereby provided and agreed that the Inspectors nominated thereby, and to he there-

j after appointed as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, should not incur any Responsibility by their Direction or Management of the Affairs intended to be put under their Inspection, or be answerable or

accountable

A.D. 181a. 52° GEORGII III. C. 75. 847

accountable for the Acts, Neglects or Defaults of any Person employed by them; And that it should be lawful for the said Inspectors, out of the Monies which under the PVovisions of the said Indenture should be placed under their Direction and Controul, to retain to themselves and allow to the other or others of them,

all Costs, Charges and Expences which they should sustain or be put to by reason or in consequerrce of the said Inspectorship or Management of the Affairs of the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts: And

it was thereby agreed and declared, that in case any Question. Matter or Thing (hbuld arise in the Management,

Regulation or Conduct of the Partnership or separate Estate and Effects of the said Parties thereto of the First f Part, or of the said Abraham Goldsmid, which was not expresslyand distinctly provided for thereby, or in case the

Inspectors for the time being under the said Indenture should not be able to determine and agree upon the Line of Conduct to be pursued by them, or by the said Parties thereto, Or any of them, in the Matters and

Things hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, then and in every such case, and so often as the fame should happen, it should be lawful for the said Inspectors for the time being to cadi a Meeting of the Parties thereto of the Fifth Part, or their respective Representatives, by Fourteen Days Notice in The London Ga-

ette, and to submit such Question, Matter or Thing, to the Consideration of the Persons who might be present at such Meeting, and that the Determination of the major Part in Number and Value of the Creditor*.

present at such Meeting should be binding and conclusive on all Persons entitled to any Benefit under the said Indenture; and further, that if any Question should arise on the true Construction of the said Indenture,

or any Clause or Provision therein contained, which, in the Opinion of the Inspectors for the time being,

should appear doubtful, it should be lawful to the said Inspectors to submit the fame Question to His Majesty's

Attorney and Solicitor General for the time being; and in case of a Difference of Opinion between them, then to the Opinion of some one Person appointed by the said Attorney and Solicitor General, and'

the Decision so obtained should be binding and conclusive on all Parties entitled to any Benefit under the said Indenture: And lastly, the said Parties thereto of the First and Second Parts did thereby declare and*

direct, that all and every Persons and Person in whom any Real or Personal Estate whatsoever of the Parties thereto of the First Part, or any of them, or of them the said Parties thereto of the Second Part, as Executors or Devisees of the said Abraham Goldsmid, then was, or thereafter should or might be veiled for any Estate, Term or Interest whatsoever, or who had or should have any Charge or Lien thereupon, should (land and be possessed of and interested in the said Estate, Terms, Charges, Interests or Liens, upon Trust, to convey, assign and dispose of the same as the said Thomas Batnbridge, Alexander Baring, William Joseph Denison and George Ward, or any Three of them, should direct or appoint; and in Default of such Direc-

tion or Appointment, upon such Trusts as would be most subservient to the Trusts, Intents and Purposes thereinbefore expressed and contained of and concerning the same, and facilitate*the Execution of the fame: And whereas the Arrangement intended or agreed to be made by the said Indenture of the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and ten, will greatly facilitate the Payment of the said Crown Debt of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and by reason thereof it is expedient and necessary that the said Arrangement should be carried into Execution May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Indenture of Five Parts, bearing Date the Twenty Indenture seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and ten, and all the Covenants and Agreements, confirmed. Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters and Things therein expressed and contained, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified, confirmed and established: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall give Effect to any Clause contained in the said Will of the said Abraham Goldsmid, for settling the Balance of the Accounts between them and his said Brother Benjamin Goldsmid, so far as any such Clause may be prejudicial to the Iu- % terefts of the Creditors of either of them the said Benjamin or Abraham Goldsmid.

II. And it is hereby further enabled, That the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and every Claim and Demand of the Crown upon the Estate and Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, or of his said respective surviving Partners on account of the fame, shall be paid, discharged and liquidated upon the Terms and Conditions, and in the manner and subject to the Power of Defeazance and other Regulations acceded to and stipulated for by the said Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and mentioned and recited in the said Indenture, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the fame, as if all such Terms,

Conditions, Powers, Authorities, Defeazances and Regulations were herein particularly and severally and Separately enacted in this Act as they are in the said Indenture recited and set forth,

III. And be it further enacted, That the Purchaser or Purchasers of any of the Estate or Effects of the said Abraham Goldsmid, or of the said Aaron Goldsmid, or of the said Thomas Moxon, or of the said Nathan Salomons, under the Trusts or Directions of the said Indenture of the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and ten, paying his, her or their Purchase Money, and all other Persons whosoever paying Money, or transferring or delivering any Stocks, Funds or Securities, or other Effect9 whatsoever under the said Trusts or Provisions, and in the maaner prescribed by the fame, shall not in any wise be liable to the Prerogative or other Rights or Remedies of the Crown, for or on account of the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof; and that all and every the Persons or Person whosoever to whom any Estates or Effects of the said Abraham GoUfmid or his respective surviving Partners,

shall be conveyed or assigned under the Trusts or Directions of the said Indenture of the Twenty seventh Day of.

November One thousand eight hundred and ten, and in the manner prescribed by the fame, and their respective Heirs* Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall hold and enjoy the said Estate and Effects, and every of them, freed, acquitted and absolutely discharged of and from the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand seven hundred Pounds, and, all Actions, Suits, Claims and Demands whatsoever, which if this Act

had

Debt due to the

Crown discharged, under Condition* stipulated.

Estates and

Effects fold under Directions of the Indenture discharged Iron* Claims of the Crown.

M

Treasury to in-veftfgate Con-dust of Representatives of the fate Abraham Goldsmid.

[Proviso.]

[Public Act.]

49 G. 3. c.n6.

§19.

repealed.

Manner of rectifying Errors in Entry of Goods either in Quantity or Amount of Duty.

C.-5, 76. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

had not been made. His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or coaid have in or upon the said Estate and Effects or any of them, on account of the said Sum of Four hundred and sixty (lx thousand seven hundred Pounds, under any Statute, Law or Usage whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, at any time hereafter to investtgate the Conduct of the said Aaron Goldsmid-, Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, and of the Personal Representatives of the said Abraham Gold-

fmid, deceased, by such means as they shall deem proper, as to the Management and Appropriation of the joint and separate FVoperty of the said late Partnerships, and of the Individuals composing the fame; and if upon such investigating they shall approve and be satisfied with such Conduct, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners, or iny Three of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to declare and pronounce the said Aaron Goldfm\d9 Thomas Moxon and Nathan Salomons, as to their Persons and future Property, and also the said Personal Representatives as such Representatives, acquitted and discharged of and from any future Claim on the Part of His Majesty or any of his Successors, on account or in respect of the said Debt or Sum of Four hundred andlixty six thousand and seven hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as shall then remain due and unsatisfied; and it is hereby declared, that from and after such Declaration so to be signed and sealed by the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three of them, the said Aaron Goldsmid* Thomas Moxon, and Nathan Salomons, as to their Persons and future Property, and also the said Personal Representatives as such Representatires, shall be as fully and effectually discharged, to all Intents and Purposes, from the said Debt or Sum of Four hundred and sixty six thousand and seven hundred Pounds, as if the fame had been fully paid and satisfied 5 any Statute or Law to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed, deemed or taken to limit or affect the Right of His Majesty as to the Property, Estate and Effects conveyed and assigned by the said Indenture of the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and ten, or mentioned or intended so to be.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act4 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to

W make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of In-1 land Excise and Taxes in Ireland, it is enacted, that no Surcharge shall be made on account of any short Charge

of Duty payable on the Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes imported into or exported out

of Ireland, at any time after the passing of the said Act, upon the Person or Persons who shall have imported the fame, at any time after the Expiration of Four Calendar Months next after the Entry made

thereof, on which any Duty shall have been computed and paid, whether the same shall be an Entry either

inwards or outwards, ora Prime or Port Entry, or an Entry of Goods in Warehouse, but that all Surcharges

of Duty in respect of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported or exported shall be made within

Four Calendar Months next after such Entry, Computation and Payment as aforesaid: And whereas it is

expedient that the said recked Provision should be repealed, and other Provisions made in lieu thereof / Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall at any time have been committed in any Entry of Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into or exported out of Ireland, by the including or charging therein a greater or less Quantity of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or a greater or letter Amount of Duty than ought to have been included or charged, it shall and may be lawful for the Examinator of Customs, and he is hereby required to rectify the same as speedily as may be convenient after such Entry shall have been made, and to report the same to the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and if it shall appear that the Amount of Duty charged in any such Entry against anjr Importer or Exporter was greater than the fame ought to have been, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to make an Allowance forthwith to such Importer or Exporter of the Amount of Duty so overcharged, and if it shall appear that the Amount of Duty charged in any such Entry against any Importer or Exporter was less than the fame ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and they are hereby required to cause Notice signed by any One of the said Commissioners or by their Secretary on their Behalf, to be given to such Importer or Exporter of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Entry, and if such Importer or Exporter shall not within One Month after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Customa and Port Dutivs why he should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency or some Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the Customs at the Port into or from which such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall have been imported or exported, of the Amount of such Deficiency with which the said Commissioners shall have adjudged him to be chargeable, and the Duty specified in such Return shall be a Surcharge on such Importer or Exporter, and if such Exporter or Importer shall not upon Demand or within Ten Days next after pay the full Amount

16.of

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 76, 77.

jof such Duty so surcharged, such Importer or Exporter shall forfeit the Sum of Teh Founds, and a Sum equal to double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and fnrcharged, provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Importer or Exporter unless it shall have been made within Four Calendar Months* jmd the Amount thereof demanded within Nine Calendar^Months after the Date of the original Entry.

III. And whereas under and by virtue of the Laws now in force in Ireland, certain Goods, Wares and 1 Merchandize imported into Ireland, are permitted and allowed to be warehoused and stored in His Majesty's *Warehouses and Stores at certain Ports in Ireland\ under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant:

And whereas great Inconvenience has arisen to the Revenue from the Merchants not attending to open their < Locks when required so to do* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Storekeeper of His Majesty's Stores in such Ports as aforesaid, whenever it shall be judged expedient so to do, to cause Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing to be left at the usual Place of Abode of any Merchant who shall have ware-bopfed any Goods as aforesaid, requiring such Merchant to attend at such Warehouse or Store at a certain time in such Notice to be specified, and to open his Lock or Locks, and in Default of such Merchant's attending and opening his Lock or Locks pursuant to such Notice, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful; for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three of them, to direct such Storekeeper to remove or cause to be removed the Lock or Locks of such Merchants so neglecting to attend and open such Lock or Locks as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to ply or aft as Carman or Cooper on the Custom House Quays of the Ports of Dublin or Cork, or in the Stores of the said Custom Houses, or either of them, until such Person shall be first approved of by the Surveyors of the said Quays or Stores respectively, and receive from them, in Testimony of such Approbation, a Badge signifying the fame, which Badge shall be delivered to every such Person without Fee or Reward; and if any Person shall ply or aft as Carman or Cooper on the said Quays, or either of them, or in any of the said Stores until badged or approved of as aforesaid, such Person being thereof convicted before any Magi ft rate of the Cities of Dublin and Cork respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and in Default of Payment of the said Sum shall be imprisoned for One Month without Bail or Mainprize.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, except such as are specially provided for, shall be levied and paid in British Currency, and shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities and by such ways and means and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for levying or recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with likejRemedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid ia provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof, and not sooner; except in cases where any other Period is expressly mentioned for the Commencement of any Clause or Provision hereinbefore contained.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glass; for charging an additional Countervailing Duty on Flint and Crown Glass imported from Ireland, and for the better Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass on Drawback.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the additional Drawback, and impose the additional CountervailVV ing Duties herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be allowed the following additional Drawbacks, for and in respect of the several Sorts of Glass herein after mentioned respectively made in Great Britain, or made in Inland\ and imported directly into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed for or in respect thereof respectively shall have been paid, and which shall after the -passing of this Act be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and Phial Glass respectively so made, paid Duty for, and exported, the additional Sum of Sixteen Shillings and Three pence:

And for every Hundred Weight of all Window Glass so nude, paid Duty, for, and exported, not being Spread Glass, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass.or German Sheet Glass, an additional Sum of Seven Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny:

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of the said several Sorts of Glass respectively.

52 G*e. III. 5 R II. And

849

[Penalty.]

Merchants hiring Good* waie-housed to attend on receiving Notice.

Carmen or'Coopers plying on Custom House Quays t» have B.id/es of Approbation.

[Penalty.]

Penalties h-iej levied.

14 & 15 Car. (I.) Self. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106. Appeal.

Commencement of A fit.

Additions! Drawbacks on Exportation of Glais.

CountemHinj

Duties.

Duties under Cum mistioners of Excise.

Duties paid into Exchequer.

Drawbacks paid according to Regulations prescribed by a6 G. j. c. 77.

*3-

Perjury.

Regulations for p icking of pi ifs to entitle to Drawback.

26 G. 3. c. 77.

3-

[Proviso.]

fraudulently packing Gluis.

[Penalty.]

Altering any Figure or Mark ko denote the

C. 77. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from Sind after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collcded and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the federal additional Countervailing Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glais made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain* an additional Countervailing Duty of Sixteen Shillings and Three pjnee 5 and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

And for every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass. made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, an additional Countervailing Duty of Seven Shillings and Ten peace Halfpenny;

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Cc untervailing Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called* England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and Inch thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being; and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid under, fufyed and according to the Rules, Regulations, Re-ftridions and Provisions by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force relating to the Payment of the Countervailing Duties of Excise, for or in respect of any Goods or Commodities made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Countervailing Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise by Law imposed, under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, restrictions and Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, or by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Glass on Drawback, save and except that in lieu and indead of the Oath required by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid to be made by the Exporter, that he believes the Duties upon the Materials to have been fully paid, the Exporter shall make Oath that he believes the Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of such Flint Glass, Phial Glass, Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass respectively intended to be exported, to have been fully paid, (and which said last mentioned Oath the proper Surveyor or Supervisor or Officer of Excise is hereby authorized and empowered to administer); and any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any case in which the said laR mentioned Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Glass whatsoever made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, shall be packed for Exportation on Drawback, in any Crate or other Package made or constructed with any void Space or Spaces in or between the component Parts thereof, or any of them, but all such Glass shall be packed for Exportation in Calks, Boxes or Cherts only, and in which the Exporter shall, previous to the packing of such Glass therein, have cut or sunk, or cause to be cut or sunk, a sufficient Number of Circular Cavities, each thereof not less than a Quarter of an Inch, nor more than Half an Inch in'Depth, and not less than One Inc h nor more than an Inch and Half in Diameter, to receive the Seal directed by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His pVcfent Majesty's Reign to be put on such Package, and for the Purpose of prote6ling such Seal from being destroyed, defaced, broken or damaged; and where any such Glass shall be packed for Exportation, in any Cask, box or Chert, each such Cavity shall be cut or sunk. One Part thereof on the Edge of the Lid or Cover, and the other on the Side of such Box or Chell, so that each such Seal may be conveniently placed by the proper Officer of Excise, Part on the Wood of such Lid or Cover, and the Residue on the Wood of the Side of each such Box or Chert; and no Drawback shall be paid or allowed for or in respect of any Glass not packed in a Cade, Box or Chert as aforesaid, nor for or in respect of any Glass packed in any Box or Chert not having a sufficient Number of such Cavities as aforesaid; any tiling in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any w ?(e notwith-rtanding: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit the packing of Whole or Half Tables of Spread Glass, or of Crown Glass, or any Common Bottles made of Common Bottle Metal, in any Crate or other Package whatsoever; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lay, place or deposit, or cause to be laid, placed or deposited any Brick, Stone or other heavy Substance other than Flint Glass or Phial Glass or Broad Glass or Crown Glaff, in any Calk, Box or Chert containing Flint Glass, Phial Glass, Broad Glafi or Crown Glass respectively, packing or packed for Exportation on Drawback, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and ever)' such Caflc, Box or Chest, together with all such Glass, Brick, Stoue or other heavy Substance as aforesaid Contained therein shall be forfeited.

VlIJ. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall cut out, erase, obliterate, deface; alter or damage any l'igure, Letter or Mark, cut, written, painted, burnt or made on any Calk, Box or Ctertrontaining Glass for Exportation* fciprtfling or denoting the Weight or Tare t>f such Calk; Box or

Chef*

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 77, 78. 851

Chest, or the Weight of the Glass contained therein, or the Time or Place of the packing thereof, or the Number of such Cask, Box or Chest, then and in every such case the Person or Persons to offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and every such Cask, Penalty.

Box or Chest, together with the Glass therein contained, shall be forfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers Package branded of Excise at the Port of Exportation, and he and they is and are hereby required, either before or after the with Letters shipping of any Cask, Box or Chest of Glass for Exportation, to brand, burn or mark every such Cask, Box Officer' l'ro^er or Che It with the Letters E. G.; and if any such Cask, Box or Clieft of Glass, which shall bz branded on

Shore, shall not, within Twelve Hours next after the branding thereof, be shipped and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame is intended to be exported, or if any Cask, Box or Chest of Glass so branded (either on Shore or on Ship-board), shall be found on Land after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the time when such Glass was originally packed for Exportation, then and in every such case the same shall Penalty, be forfeited; and if any Person or Persons shall cut out, eralc, obliterate, deface, alter or damage such Letters, Altering such or either of them, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall, fer each and every such Offence, Letters, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Debenture shall be made Glass entered

out, nor shall any Excise Drawback be paid or allowed to the Exporter for or in respect of any Glass what- and shipped soever made in Great Britain or made in Ireland and exported from Great Britain, unless the same shall be after

duly entered for Exportation, and actually shipped on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be pjci<'ing for intended to be exported within the Space of Twelve Months from the time when such Glass shall have been Exportation, originally packed for Exportation, in purfuar.ee of the Rules and Regulations in that Behalf contained and

provided in and by the said Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign: Provided Commissioner always, nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend of to exclude from the said Drawback any such Glass not so entered for Exportation within the said last men- fyg after Expire-tioned Space of time, and which the Commissioners of Excise, being satisfied that, the Export Seals, Tapes tion of 1 % and Fastrnings of the Cask, Box or Chest containing the fame, remain pt rfeft, entire and unbroken, and that Months, 8x. such Cask, Box or Chest has not been opened or any of the Glass withdrawn or taken from or out of the fame, shall permit or suffer to be repacked for Exportation, and which he accordingly repacked for Exportation, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained and provided in and by the said Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and this Act, for and in respect c*

of the original packing thereof; and all and singular the said. Rules, ReguEtions, Restrictions and Provisions,

shall be used, applied and put in Execution for and in such repacking, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame respectively had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and thereby expressly applied to every or any such repacking; and all and singular the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, or by this Act, imposed or created for any Breach of or Disobedience to any or either of the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions or Provisions shall be used, applied and put in Execution for any Breach of or Disobedience to the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions or Provisions respectively for and in respect of any such Glass so repacked; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the making out of any Debenture for, or the Payment of any Drawback for or in respect of any Glass shipped for Exportation on board any Ship or Vessel in which the fame is on such Shipment intended to be exported, more than the Space of Twelve Months from the time when such Glass shall have been originally packed for Exportation, provided such original packing shall have taken place before the passing of this Act.

XII. And De it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be (bed for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to make better Provision for the Commissioners of Appeal in Revenue Causes in Ireland.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Salaries of the Commissioners of Appeals in Revenue Causes in Ireland are inadequate to the Importance of their Offices* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same That, from and after the passing of this Act, there A yearly SaEry shall be issued, paid and applied in every Year out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, to each and every ofco1- Paid lo-

the Commissioners of Appeals in Revenue Causes in Ireland, a yearly Salary or Sum of Eight hundred Pounds ^er^of

net in lieu and instead of all Salaries and Allowances now payable to any and every such Commissioners of Appeal Appeals out of the said Consolidated Fund, or otherwise howsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Addition to the Payments respectively issued and paid to the several Payment com. Commissioners of Appeal on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or at puted from

5 R 2 any* 2*'lS, r*

Glaft packed before passing Act, entitled to Drawback.

Penal ies how levied, kc.

Annuities granted to Commissioners on Rellgnatiun, not exceeding jorL

Pro* i ft*

Commissions to continue during good Behaviour of Per-iont appointed.

078, 79. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

any time subsequent to that Period and before the passing of this Act, tinder any Law or Usage m force before the passing of this Act, there shall be issued to each of them respectively oat of the fold Consolidated Fund such Sum or Sums of Mooey as will make up each of such Payments respectively to the Sum and Sums which each of the said Commissioniers would have been 'entitled to; f this Act had been in force On the Twenty fifth Day of December One tlVoufand eight hundred and eleven.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, -by any Letters Patent under the Great Scab of Ireland, to give and grant unto any Person who at any time previous to the passing of this Act may or shall have executed, or at any time after the passing of this Act may or shall execute the Office of a Commissioner of Appeals in Revenue Causes in IrAakdi and shall refigu the fame, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; the fold' several Annuities to commence from and after the Day on which the Person to whom-any such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be granted as aforesaid, shall have rdigned his said Office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the Life of the Person to whom the same shall be granted - as aforesaid; and every such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money shall be issued and.payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland in such Order of Payment and at such Days and Times as the Salaries of the said Commissioners of Appeals are by Law payable, and shall be paid*without any Deduction for Pells or Poundage, or other wise: Provided always, that no such Annuity or yearly Sum of Money granted to any Person having executed the said Office of Commissioner of Appeals shall be valid, unlrfs such Person shall have continued in such Office of Commissioner of Appeals for the Period of Fifteen Year, or shall be afflicted

with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distiu^Uy recited in such Grant.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Commission which shall be issued at any time after the passing of this Act for the Appointment of any Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners of-Appeals in Revenue Causes in Ireland, shall be made to continue during the good Behaviour of the Person or Persons so to be appointed.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to allow British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to* permit Articles, the Production of the said United States, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels.

[1st July 18x2.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any British Colony or Planta-

tionin the West Indies, imported into the Island of Bermuda in British Ships or Vessels, to be ex-c* ported from the Port of Saint George in the said Island to the Territories of the United States of America

in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to allow certain Articles of the Growth or Production of the Territories of the said United States to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels, and to be re-exported from thence in Brilifi-built Ships or Vessels to British Islands in the West Indies Be it therefore enacted by the King'^ Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and' Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, imported into the Island of Bermuda in any British Ship or Vessel, to be exported from the Port of Saint George in the said Island of Bcrmuday to any Part of the Territories of the United States of America, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty, above-the Burthen of Sixty Tons.; any .Law now in.force to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpen^ tine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards and Plank, Timber, Shingles and Lumber of any Sort, Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry and Live Stock of any Sort, Bread, may be imported Biscuit, Flour, Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley and Grain of any Sort, such Com-Jrom thence moditics being of the Growth or Production of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, jKrtxruhftandriig. from fod Territories to the Port of Saint George in the Island of Bermuda, in any Foreign Ship or

Veflll belonging to any Country in Amity with His Majesty; any thing in an Act passed in the Twenty G. j. c. 6. eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of Bis Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India Islands, and the Countries >'t .belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the 'Foreign IJlasids ut the West Indies, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Article?so im-

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and.may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Subjects pomvi, exerted to export any of the Articles before enumerated, which shall have been imported in any foreign Ship or p in Veflll from the Territories of the United States into the Island of Bermuda from the said Port, of Saint

nu n>*<.*> to any of His Majesty's Islands or Dominions in the West Indies, in BritfbAtsuAl Ships and Vessels,

owned and navigated according to Law.

British Plantation Sugar, &c. imported into Bermuda ill British Ships exported to America in I oreign Vessels Aove 60 Tons. Tobacco and other Articles

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III. C. 8o, 81. 853

CAE. LXXX.

An Act for extending the Period in which Deeds were: directed to be enrolled by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for.amendirigtfc^nil Acts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax... - fill July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed fa the Fiftieth Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend fiveral Aftj- far the Redemption'and Sale of the J^and Tux, it wasuiafted, that all 50 G. 3. c. s*r

Deeds required by the several Acts therein referred to or by any other 'Acts relating to the Redemption of §3*

the Laud Tax to be enrolled or registered, should be vjfu and effectual, although the fame should not have been or should, not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed* by the Taid Acts respectively,

provided the fame should have been registered before the passing of that Act, or should be enrolled or registered within Twelve Calendar Morithi after the passing thereof: And whereas the time limited by the said Act having expired, and it being expedient to make .Pcovisions for the Enrolment or Registry of Deeds

which have not been duly enrolled or registered pursuant to the Directions thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most' Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Time for the Inal! Deed$ required by the said Act or any other Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax to be enrolled rollmenrof

or registered shall be valid and effectual although the same shall not have been or shall not be enrolled of Eeed*extended registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respectively; provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or registered within Twelve Calendar Mouths after the passing thereof.

CAP LXXXI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth .Year of His present Majesty, for providing a^durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under- certain Restrictions.

[iff July 1812.]

WHEREAS in- pursuance of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of 49G. 3. c. 96.

' Excise- under certain Reflriftiofit, the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, have vested in the Purchase of certain Shares, amounting in the Whole to Seventy three thousand nine hundred Pounds Stock in the Three Poundsyw Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities, the fame being One of the Joint Stocks of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, divers Sums of Money which have.

been deducted out of the Salaries of the Officers of Excise for the Relief and Support of superannuated and worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise, and the said Shares of and in such Joint Stock have been transferred to the Account and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the 4. Shares of the Trustees of the Fund for the Relief and Support of superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise, mentioned in the said Act: And whereas it is expedient, that the said Shares should be 4- sold by- the said Trustees, and the Monies arising from such Sale, and any Sum or Sums of Money which < shall have already been or shall before the passing. of this Act be collected, deducted or received, for the f Relief and Support of such superauuuatecf or worn-out Inferior Officers off Excise as aforesaid, should be carried to the Account of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer

under that Head, and that all Payments, Pensions and Allowances, to superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise, should in future be paid out of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be charged to the

Account of Incidents of that Department* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, .by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Tat liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Deduction shall hereafter be Fund for fupea-

raade outoft^ie Salary of any Officer or Officers of Excise, for the Relief or Support of the Inferior Officers 3"j"i^0Ilicers

oI Excise when superannuated or worn-out, and that, from and after the Fifth Day of January lall, the said !, nd ]\i0ney col-

Euudforthe Relief and Support of superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise shall he abolished, letted paid into

and all Monies-which shall have been deducted, received orcollefted, for the Relief or Support of such super- Exchequer.

aunuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise as aforesaid, whether such Monies shall li ivebeen vested in

the Purchase of any Share or Shares in any of the said Joint Stocks of Annuities, or have been transferred to

the Account, and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as the Share or Shares of the Trustees of the said Fund of and in any such Joint Stock or Stocks, or remain in the H: mds of any Person or Periods whatever, shall be paid over to the Commissioners of Excise in England, and be by them paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, under the Head of feme or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise,

and for which Purpose the said Trustees mentioned in the said Act are hereby authorized and required to fell

the said Shares of the said Joint Stock, and that all Monies which shall or may already have been dedofted,

received or collected, for the Relief or Support of such superannuated or worn-out Officers as aforesaid, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come to the Hands of* any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be

paid to the said Commissioners of Excise, and be by them paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the

Heads of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, feme or one of them; and that all Payments, Pensions and Pensions and

Allowances, to superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise, heretofore paid out of the said Fund, Allowances paid

shall be paid out of feme or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be charged to the Account of the DutlC*°

Iacidents of the Excise j any Laws Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstandfag. x w#

854 .C. 82.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Warrant z^th June 17 % A<

Fund for Relief of Superannuated Officeis abolished, and Money paid into Exchequer.

P nfions and Allowances paid out of Duties of Excise.

Treasury may allow Petitions o Officers l'erv-ing a limited time and becoming infirm.

Act altered, tec.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for transferring the Scotch Excise Charity and Superannuation Funds to the Consolidated Fund, and paying all future Allowances from the latter Fund, and for making Provision for certain superannuated Officers of Excise in England and Scotland.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS by virtue of a Warrant granted by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury,

bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty four, enabling

the Commissioners of His Majesty's Board of Excise in Scotland by a Deduction of Three pence in the Pound from the Amount of the Salaries of Collectors, ^pervifors and Officers employed in collecting the Revenues

of Excise in North Britain, to cause and eRablish a Fund entitled The Charity Fund> for the Relief of such

Collectors, Supervisors and Officers, the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them,

have vested in the Purchase of Five thousand six hundred Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Seven pence Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and in the Purchase of Three thousand Pounds Navy Five

Pounds per Centum Annuities, divers Sums of Money which have been deducted out of the Salaries of the

Officers of Excise, and the said Shares of and in such Joint Stocks as aforesaid have been transferred to the

Account and kept in the Names of the TruRees of the said Fund, for the Relief and Support of the Officers of Excise mentioned in the said Warrant, and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, have also ' placed out at Interest on Bond at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, the several Sums of Two

thousand Pounds and Five hundred Pounds, which said Sums were deducted in manner before mentioned,

J and the said Commissioners have also vested in the Purchase of the Sum of Three thousand four hundred Pounds Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, divers Sums of Money deducted out of the Salaries of the Commanders and Cutterfmen of the Water Guard Excise Establishment, and the said Share of and in the said Joint Stock has been in like manner transferred to the Account and kept in the

Names of the Trulleesof the said Fund for the Relief and Support of the Persons contributing thereto:

And whereas-it is expedient that the said Shares Should be sold by the said TruRees respectively, and that the Monies arising from such Sale, together with aH Monies which before the passing of this Act shall have been received and placed to Account of the said Fund, IhouM be carried to the Account of the Consolidated

Duties of Excise, and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under that Head, and also that the said ' respective Sums of Two thousand Pounds and Five hundred Pounds together with the IntereR arising there-

from, so soon as the Bonds given for the Payment of the same are discharged, and such Interest as thereupon

shall in the mean time be payable Should be carried to Account and paid in manner before mentioned; and

that all Payments, Pensions and Allowances to superannuated or worn out Inferior Officers of Excise,

should in future be paid out of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be charged to the Account of Incidents of that Department Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Deduction shall hereafter be made out of the Salary of any Officer or Officers of Excise for the Relief or Support of the Inferior Officers of Excise when superannuated or worn out; and that, from and after the Fifth Day of January in the Year of ouf Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the said Fund for the Relief and Support of superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise shall be abolished, and all Monies which shall have been deducted, received or collected for the Relief or Support of such superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise as aforesaid, whether such Monies shall have been vested in the Purchase of any Share or Shares in any of the said Joint Stocks of Annuities, or have been transferred to the Account and kept in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England', as the Share or Shares of the TruRees of the said Fund, of and in any such Joint Stock or Stocks, or shall be in any manner veiled with or remain in the Hands of any Person or Persons whatever, shall be paid over to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and be by them paid into the Receipt of Exchequer under the Head of some or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and for whichJPnrpose the said TruRees mentioned in the said Act are hereby authorized and required to fell the said Shares of the said Joint Stocks; and that all Monies which shall or may have already been deducted, received orcollefted for the Relief or Support of such superannuated or worn-out Officers as aforesaid, and which shall remain in the Hands or may come to the Hands of any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall be paid to the said Commissioners of Excise, and be by them paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer under the Heads of the Consolidated Duties of Excise some or one of them 5 and that all Payments, Pensions and Allowances to superannuated or worn-out Inferior Officers of Excise, heretofore paid out of the said Fund, shall be paid out of some or one of the Consolidated Duties of Excise, and be charged to the Account of the Incidents of the Excise; any Law, CuRom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, ^That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, to grant and allow out of the Revenue of Excise of England and Scotland respectively, to any Officer or other Person who shall have been employed in the said Revenue for and during the Space of Seven Years but less than Ten Years, and from whose Salary Deductions shall for and during the Space cf Seven Years at the leaR have been made for the Relief and Support of the Inferior Officers of Excise when superannuated or worn out, and who shall by Age or Infirmity have become incapable of properly executing or performing the Duties of his Office, a Pension, Annuity or yearly Payment not exceeding One Third Part of the Salary and Emoluments of his Office.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

8 CAP.

«55

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 83 — 87.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England* disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[1st July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign

W of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting* until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one* certain Allowances to Adjutant: , Serjeant Majors and Serjeants of Militia* dist

embodied under an Act of this Session of Parliament* intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the

Services of an additional Number of volunteers from the Militia under certain ReJlriSions* which has been

revived and continued by several subsequent Acts until the Twenty fifth-Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, should be again revived and further continued, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants

and Serjeant Majors* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act and the Allowances therein granted and mentioned to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, and all the Provisions relating thereto, shall be revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, so far as the fame relates to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors; and that all such and the like Allowances as would have been payable and paid unto any Adjutants and Serjeant Majors, if the said Act and Allowances had been continued by any Act of Parliament before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be payable and paid, and all Arrears thereof fully satisfied, in like manner in every respect as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

II. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under this Act may receive and take such Allowance, together with the Pay of any such Commission, or Half Pay, or any such other Allowance or Emolument, as is allowed to be held or received by any Adjutant of any Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with any Pay or Allowance to which he may be entitled as such Adjutant: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the time he shall hold any Place of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

39 & 40 O. 3.

c. 44.

Revived and continued as respects Adju« tauts, &c.

Reduced Ad|U- tarns entitled to-Pay as u ell as Allowance.

[Proviso.]

CAP. LXXXFV7

An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain t while disembodied.

[1st July 1812-1

[This Act* except the Dates* is tn all respeQs similar to 51 G. 3. c. 109.]

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. Q1st July l8 12. j

CAP. LXXXVf.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. £9th July 1812.]

" Treasury may raise s€$, coc}coo by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — f 1* 2. u Treasury to apply the Money raised. §3. Principal of said Bills charged on First Supplies in next Sef — u (ion. §4 Interest thereon or $\d per Cent, per Diem. §5. Said Bills to be current at the Exchequer, Sea u after April 5, 1813. §6. Bank of England empowered to advance ^5, 000, 000 on the Credit of this " notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. 3c M. c. 20. — §7.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp.

Duties in Ireland and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Plr.ying Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

[9th Juy 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates and Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment

and Paper, and upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and to consolidate and simplify the fame, and to grant other Dutiefe in lieu

thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Duties under the Care of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties Stamp Du'tless in Ireland and all Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in repealed, && forte in Ireland and efctept bhlj Ikfc B title* on Lottery Licences) fhaib fH>m and after tht Cotiunence- Exception.

taent

8j6

Pf o\ ifo.

Stamp Duties described in Schedules (A.) (B.) levied.

AUov.mccs fpc-cilied in Schedule (C.) made.

Infle.nl of Duties on Cards and Dice under 47 G. 3. Self. 1. c. 18. those fj>cci-fied in Schedule {B.) paid*

Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors. j

iProviso.

Duties and Allowances payable in British Currency, except .1'raetions.

Duties under Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

Duties paid to'^Receiver General, and hv him to £: chequer.

Half of Duties on Avl ni'.fion of Students. &c. nccounrcd for to Treasurer of Societ y of; Jv ne's luns.

C. 87.*52° GEORGII in A.D. 1812.

ment of this Act, cease and determine: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or be in any wise deemed, taken or construed to prevent the recovering, allowing or paying, at any time after the Commencement of this Act, of any Arrears of Duty or Allowances which shall then remain unpaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of the said Duties and Allowances by this Act repealed, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid in Ireland, unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated and described in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) to this Act auucxcd, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth iu Worth and Figures in the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.), and that there shall be made, allowed and paid for or in respect of all inch Articles, Matters or Things as are inserted, enumerated and described in the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, the several Allowances or Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule marked (C.); any thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount or Allowance in the Purchase of Stamps, other than stich as is and are expressed and directed in the said Schedule marked (C.); any thing in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said Schedules, and each and every of them, and every Matter and Thing therein respectively contained, shall be deemed, taken and considered as Part of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Duties of Excise made payable in Ireland by virtue of an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Mafjly certain Inland Hu ties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respctl thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes and Drawbacks on Cards and Dice made or manufactured or vended in Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed (except only so far as relates to any Countervailing Duty on Cards and Dice made or manufactured in Great Britain and imported ruto Ireland), and the Duties of Stamps on such Cards and Dice in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, specified, mentioned and contained, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be paid and payable in lieu and inllead of any Duties on such Cards and Dice under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, the Stamp Duty whereon shall exceed the Sum of Eleven Pounds, shall authorize the Person licensed thereby to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity whatever, great or small, without any further or other Licence: Provided always, that no Person, the Stamp Duty on the Licence to whom to fell such Liquors by Retail shall be less than Twenty two Pounds, shall be authorized by such Licence to fell Spirits in any Quantities exceeding Two Gallons, but that if any such Person on .whose Licence any such Stamp Duty less than Twenty two Pounds shall be paid, shall pay such additional Stamp Duty as shall make the whole Stamp Duty paid by such Person amount to Twenty two Pounds, such Person shall he authorized to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever, great or small, without any further or other Licence: Provided also, that no Licence whatever shall authorize any Person not being a Retailer or Grocer to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Two Gallons, nor shall authorize any Grocer to fell in Quantities less than Two reputed Quarts, nor shall authorize any Person not being licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and rot being a Distiller or Importer of Spirits, to sell Spirituous JLiquors in Quantities less than Fifty Gallons.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except only such of the said Duties as are under the Sum of Six pence, or between the Sum of Six pence and One Shilling; and that in all cases where any Duties of Stamps or any Allowances in respect thereof are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, or such Allowances are made, such Amount shall be estimated in British Currency, except where it is otherwise expressly directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Duties hereby granted shall be paid from time to time by the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being or the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Ireland, and to no other Person whatever; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Receiver General shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accotinting for the fame being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer ot Ireland, at such times, and in such manner as the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper are by Law directed to be paid; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause to he kept a diitinct Account of One Half or Moiety of the Money arising from the respective Duties of Twenty Pounds in the said Schedule (A.) mentioned, on the Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns, and on the Adm.rflion of any Bartiiler into the Inna of Court; and of the Sum of Seven Pounds, Part of the Duty of I*ifty Pounds in the said Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice to an Attorney; and that the Receiver General of the Duties hereby granted shall pay the same at the Receipt ot His Majesty's Exchequer 5 and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall cause the said Moiety of the said Duty of Twenty Pounds, and the said Proportion of the said Duty of Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King's Inns, to be applied by him in such manuer as shall be directed by the said Society.

7 IX. Pro-

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 87.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Legacy given for the Education or Maintenance of poor Children in Ireland, or to be applied in the Support of any public charitable Institution in Ireland, mail be liable to any Duty on Legacies under this Act; and that no Legacy confining of Books', Prints, Pictures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural History or other specific Articles, which shall be given or bequeathed to or in Trull for any Body Corporate, whether aggregate or foie, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preserved by such Body Corporate, Society or School, and not for the Purposes of Sale, shall be liable to any Duty imposed on Legacies under this Act.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with any of the Duties im-

fofed in Schedule ( B.) of this Act on Advertisements, any Advertisements published by the Trustees of lofpitah relative to the Business of such Hospitals; nor to charge with any of the Duties imposed in the said Schedule on Pamphlets, any Act of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Council, Form of Prayer and Thanksgiving, or any Act of State which shall be ordered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to be printed or published, or any Votes or other Matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament, or any Books commonly used in any of the Schools of Ireland\ or any Books containing only Matters of Devotion and Piety, or any Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported or exported, so as such daily Accounts or such Bills of Goods imported or exported do contain no other Matter than Accounts of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, and the Particulars relating to such Imports and Exports, and so as the fame be printed and published by such Person or Persons as shall be authorized thereto by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes and Drafts or Orders for Payment of Money, shall not be charged on any Draft or Order for the Payment of Money on Demand payable to Bearer, drawn upon any Hanker or Bankers, or Person acting as a Banker, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually drawn and issued, except only so far as the same are expressly charged by the Schedule to this Act annexed; provided such Place shall be specified in such Draft or Order, and provided that such Draft or Order shall bear Date on or before the Day on which the same shall be issued, and provided the fame do not direct the Payment to be made by Bills or Promissory Notes.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That where a Rent shall be reserved in any Lease, and also a Fine paid thereon, such Lease shall be liable to Two Stamp Duties, one according to the Amount of such Rent, and the other according to the Amount of such Fine, as the same are specified and set forfh in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Deed, Instrument, Note, Memorandum, Letter or other Muniment in Writing beween the Captain, Mailer or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, and any Merchant, Trader or other Person in respect to the Freight or Conveyance of any Goods, Money, Wares, Merchandize or Effects, laden or to be laden on board of any Ship or Vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a Charter Party, within the Meaning of this Act.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient that the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice in'Ireland\ Should be transferred from the Care of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and ' Should be placed under the Care of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and that for that Purpose the several Provision8 now in force relating to such Duties Should be repealed, and other Provisions made in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in Ireland as imposes or creates any Regulation for the Purpose of securing the Collection or Management of any Duty on Cards and Dice, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, Rand and be repealed, save so far as any former Act or Acts of Parliament may be thereby repealed, and save as to any Proceeding for the Recovery or Enforcement of any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred before the Commencement of this Act, or for the Punishment of any Offence which shall have been committed against any of the said Provisions before the said time; and save as to any Regulations respecting any Countervailing Duty on the Importation into Ireland of Cards or Dice manufactured in Great Britain.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice shall be sold or exposed to Sale or played with, which shall not be duly sealed, marked and damped respectively according to Law, upon Pain that every Person who shall fell or eypose to Sale, or knowingly play with any such Cards or Dice which shall not be so sealed, marked or llamped, shall forfeit for every such Pack of Cards and for every Die so fold or exposed to Sale or played with, the Sum of Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to appoint fit and proper Persons in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and Limerick respectively, who shall be called Stamp Masters, and shall have the Custody and Keeping of the Marks, Stamps and Seals herein after mentioned, and shall from time to time put such Mark or Stamp upon all Dice, and such Mark or Seal upon the Paper and Thread enclosing every such Pack of Cards, and One of the Cards of each Pack on the painted or spotted Side thereof, which shall be duly entered, and for which the Duties theu legally payable thereon shall be duly paid to the proper Officers in the said Places respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to devise, and by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be published in the Dublin Gazette for Three successive Days of Publication, from time to time and as often as to them it shall seem expedient so to do, to appoint Marks, Btamps or Seals, such as they shall think fit to be put or impressed on the Label or Paper to be fattened to the 52 Geo. III. 5 S Wrapper

857

Leg! : ies for Charitable purposes-exempted.

What Adver. ti(Vments, &c. printed by Authority not liable to Duty, fitc.

Bills and N; tes payable to Bearer on Demand, not liable to Duty,

Sc c.

Two Stamp Du« ties paid for a Lease,*here a Rent is reserved and a Fine paid. What shall be deemed a Charter Party.

Regulations under Acts for Management of Duty on Card* and Dice repealed, Sec.

Cards and Dic« to be sealed ami stamped.

[Penalty.]

Stamp Masters for Cards and Dive appointed in Dublin, Cork and Limtrick.

Commissioner*., of Stamps to publish in Dublin Gaictte what Marks, £c.used on Wrappers oif

858

each r«ck of Cards.

Stamp Matters to number each Label.

Packs of Cards on which Number is erased or altered.

[Penalty.]

Counterfeiting Mark?, &c, used on Wrapper of Cards, Icc.

Transportation. Liiiributors of Stamps to certify Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards for which Duty pud, and enter Certificates in a $ook, Sic.

Ne^lefling to nark'&c. Number contained in Ctrti ficare.

[Penalty.]

CommiTcners for St J*pps ir.ay cli Marks or Stamps for Cards;

and those re-manning on hand taken to t lace appointed, to get new Stamp put a,

C. 87. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1813.

Wrapper in which each Pack of Cards shall be enclosed or wrapped, and that the said Label or Paper shall be so contrived and shall be so fattened on the said Wrapper as that the said several Stamps, Marks or Seals shall appear on the Sides of each Pack of Cards, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and that the several Stamp Matters ref pc lively shall number each Label in arithmetical Progression under each Mark, Stamp or Seal, to be put thereon in manner aforesaid, so that the Numbers appearing on the Sides of every Pack of Cards when enclosed in the said Label shall be like or corresponding Numbers: Provided always, that all Cards belonging to each Manufacturer shall be numbered in Progression with the following or successive Numbers of the Cards of each Manufacturer, beginning with the Number One, and that every Stamp Matter shall after every Twenty fifth Day of March, Twenty fourth Day of Junet Twenty ninth Day of September and Twenty fifth Day of December, begiu to number the Cards to be ttamped by him for each Mauufa#urei* with Number One.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Pack of Cards, on the Labels on which any Number shall be erased or altered, shall be deemed and taken to be Cards not ttamped or marked, and shall be forfeited and seized; and every Person who shall sell or expose the same to Sale, shall be liable to all Penalties to which Persons by the Laws then in being shall be f\ibje& for felling or exposing to Sale Cards not ttamped at all.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times, make, counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be made, counterfeited or forged any Mark, Stamp or Seal to referable any Mark, Stamp or Seal, which in pursuance of this Act shall be made»and used for ttamping any Label or Paper enclosing any Cards, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame upon any Paper for enclosing Cards, or shall erase or alter any Number to be put on such Paper or Label as aforesaid, with Intent thereby to-defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Succefifors, of the Duties upon Cards, or shall utter, vend or sell any Cards with the Impression of such Counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Seal on the Paper or Label enclosing* such Cards, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall utter, vend or sell any Cards on the Paper or Label enclosing which any Number shall be erased or altered, knowing the same to be erased or altered, or shall fraudulently use any Stamp or Seal to be used in pursuance of this Act, thereby to defraud plis Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties upon Cards, then every such Person so offending* and being thereof convicted shall be adjudged a Felon, and be transported for seven Years.

XX. And, for preventing any Mistake or Fraud in ttamping or marking any Card; or Dice not duly entered) or for which the Duties by Law payable thereon shall not nave been duly paid, be it further enacted, That the Dittributors of Stamps in the said Cities of Cork and Limerick respectively, and such Officer or Pfcrfou as shall be appointed for that Purpose in Dubfin> by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall, upon Request of the Person or Persons who shall duly enter any Cards or Dice, and pay the Duties then by Law payable* thereon, certify in Writing the Number of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which shall have been so entered, and for which the said Duties shall have been so paid, and also the Names and Places of Abode of such Person? who shall have made such Entries and paid the said Duties upon the Delivery of which said Certificate to the Person who for the time being shall be appointed to keep the said Mark, Stamp or Seal, the said Person so appointed shall enter the said Certificate in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and afterwards with all convenient Speed shall mark, stamp or seal, such and so many "Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards as shall be mentioned to be contained in such Certificate; and the Person so marking, ttamping or sealing the fame, is hereby requited to enter under the said Certificate in the said Book to be kept for that Purpose, the Number of the Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards which he shall so mark, stamp or seal, pursuant to the said Certificate, with the Days and Times of his so marking, stamping and sealing the fame, till the full Nu mber of Pairs of Dice and Packs of Cards, which shall be contained in such Certificate, shall be duly marked, ttamped and sealed, which said Book at the End of every Year, or oftener if required by the Commissioners of Stamp Ditties in Ireland\ or by any Three or more of them, shall be returned to the said Commissioners to be examined by them, or aoy other Person or Persons to be appointed by them, or any Three or more of them, to examine the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed as aforesaid to mark, stamp of seal such Cards or Dice, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to mark, stamp or seal the Number of Pairs of Dice or Packs of Cards contained in such Certificate, then the Person so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit for every such Default the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be obliged to mark, (lamp or seal any Dice or Cards but Three Times in every Week; that is to say, on Tue/day9 lhurfday and Saturday in every Week, and between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Twelve at Noon, and between the Hours of Two*and Four in the Afternoon, on the said Days.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, shall think fit to alter, change or renew the Marks or Stamps for Cards, and the Paper enclosing the fime, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for all Persons who shall at such respective times have in their Custody or Possession any Cards and Papers enclosing Packs of Cards marked with the Stamp or Stamps so intended to be altered, changed or renewed, at any time within the Space of Two Months after such Intention of renewing, changing or altering such Stamps or Marks shall have been so published in the Dublin Gazette for Three successive Days of Publication, to sell or expose to Sale such Cards marked with the Stamp or Stamps so intended to b? altered, changed and renewed, and no longer.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it e: iaitted? That if any Cards marked with the old Stamps shall remain upon hand and unfold, it shall be lawful for any Cardmaker or Shopkeeper, or Retailer of Cards, at any time within the said Two Months, to bring or fend such Cards and Papers, inclosing Packs of Cards, with the old S'arnps to the respective Matters, or to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at their respective Offices in the Cities of Dublin» Cork and Limerickj and the said Stamp Matters and Officers respectively are hereby required to mark

7 with

A.D. 1812.

52 GEORGII III.

C. 87. 859

with the new Stamps such Cards so brought in, and so many Papers enclosing Packs of Cards* as shall be equal in Number to the Papers so brought in, such new Stamps to be impressed, and given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from the Payment of any Duty or Fee whatsoever for the fame: Provided also, that if after Proviso, the said Two Months any Cards with such old Stamps shall be found in the Possession of any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, the same shall be forfeited; and it shall be lawful to and for any Person duly authorised for that Purpose, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, to seize and carry away the fame; and the Person or Personsin whose Possession the same shall be found shall be liable and subject to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as he, she or they would be liable to if the said Penalcy-Cards or Papers containing Packs of Cards never had been damped.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Pack or Packs of Playing Cards shall be found in the Cuds not duly House, Shop, Room or Place of any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, without being marked, Jumped, for-sealed or stamped, as shall be then by Law required, the same shall be adjudged forfeited, and may be seized

and carried away by any Person duly authorized for that Purpose, under Hand and Seal by the said Commit- pcflession found.

sioners, or any Three of them 5 and the Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards in whose Possession such

Pack or Pads of Cards shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every undamped Parcel of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards cn- Unstamped closed in a Paper Cover or Paper Covers, which shall be exposed to Sale, by, or found in the Shop of any Parcels of Play-Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, shall to all Intents and Purposes, be conllrued and taken to be a whole Pack il'8 Cprd?deeDK" of Playing Cards, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and such Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards pCnajtyC*shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall sell or expose to Sale, any Playing Cards which Selling Cards

have been fold, opened or played with, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum P, ayed with of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Cards exceeding in Quantity Two Packs, which shall here- Cards exceeding after be found in any House, Outhouse, Warehouse or el ft* where, in the Possession of any Shopkeeper or Re-

tailer of Cards, shall be deemed and considered as Cards exposed to Sale within the true Intent and Meaning of ex.

this Act, whereby Card Makers, Shopkeepers and Retailers of Cards are subject to Forfeitures and Penalties for to felling or exposing to Sale, Painted, Spotted and Playing Cards, not stamped, marked or made up in manner and form as required.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, which shall be found in Cards foundia

the Possession of any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other trading Person, travelling from Place to Place,*

shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distributor of Stamps or other Person or Per* p

fons thereto duly authorized under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to seize such Cards, and to lodge the fame in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose, by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Cards shall be deemed Wade Cards unless a Comer of every No Card* deem, such Card shall be cut off, and unless the fame be sold or exposed to Sale in Parcels without being enclosed in ed Waite unlef* any Paper Cover whatsoever; and if any Card Maker, Shopkeeper or Retailer of Cards, shall sell or expose to Corner be cut Sale as waste Cards, any Cards enclosed in Paper Covers, or not cut in the manner aforesaid, he, she or they so

offending shall be liable to the Penalties, and incur all the Forfeitures inflicted for felling or exposing to Sale Penalty. Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards without Stamps.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall set up or exercise the Employment of No Person (Kail making Cards or Dice, or shall make or cause to be made any Cards or Dice in any Town or Place in Ireland, ^cVbut

but in the Cities of Dublin, Cork and L\merick % or the respective Liberties thereof; and that every Person or li^CorVand*1 Persons who shall set up or exercise the Employment of making Cards or Dice, or shall make or cause to be Limerick, made Cards or Dice in any other Part of Ireland, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Penalty. Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, Cardm.ikers or any Three of them, to grant Licences to such Person or Persons as they shall think proper for the making lcen e*of Playing, Blank and Message Cards for any Term not exceeding Three Years from the time of granting such £arr, ]n 0-, Licences 5 and if any Person or Persons shall exercise or carry on the Trade or Employment of making any Trade without Playing, Blank or Message Cards without such Licence or Licences first had and obtained, the Person or Per- Licence.

Ions so offending shall, for any such Offertce, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such Peuaity.

Cards and all such Materials and Implements used in the making of Cards, as shall be found in his, her or their Possession, ail which Cards, Materials and Implements, shall and may be seized, carried away and lodged, in

such Place as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for that Purpose, by any Dillri- tutor of Stamps or other Person duly authorized thereto, under Hand and Seal by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall bp so licensed unless he, she or they shall with No Person

One or more sufficient Surety or Sureties have executed a Bond to His Majesty in the Penal Sum of Two hun- k*1*1

dred Pounds conditioned that the Person or Persons so licensed, their Executors or Administrators, shall answer BonTuvch^ffi. and pay to His Majesty, all such Duties as such Person or Persons shall be liable to on account of making any Sureties.

Playing, Blank or Message Cards during the time such Person or Persons shall carry on the Business of a Card

Maker under such Licence.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamp 1JcJTc, e revt*c^ Duties, or any Three of them, upon Default made in the Payment of any such Duty or Duties as such Person on DeaulL

or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall or may be liable to, or upon Conviction of any Fraud or Offence tlye

5 S a Penalty

86o

[Penalty.]

Card Makers to lake

Oath.

Concealment or indue Entry, n.'lty.

Card Maker to ih-vv Officer > all Stock on kand.

Penalties.

Officers to take Account of Cards and Materials fur nuking them in Possession of Card Makers.

In case of Deficiency no Entry allowed till Card Maker has accounted for it. Penalty. Forfeitures lodged in such Place as Com* tnifiioners of Stamps shall appoint

Cards for Exportation deposited in feme of His Majesty's 'Warehouses;

and not to be removed without Per million. Penalty.

C. 87. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Penalty or Forfeiture for which shall amount to Ten Pounds, by Notice or Instrument in Writing subscribed by them, or any Three of them, to revoke, Withdraw and utterly make void any such Licence to such Person or Persons so making Default or convicted as aforesaid; and if such Person or Persons after such Revocation shall continue to exercisethe Trade or carry on the Bufinefa of Card-making, he, she or they, shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as if such Licence or Licences had never been granted.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Card Maker shall at the time of entering and paying the Duties on any Number of Packs of Cards make Oath, or if a Quaker, solemnly affirm, before the Distributor or other proper Officer with whom such Entry shall be made, in the Words following; to wit,

I A.B. do swear, (or, if a Quaker, do affirm) That the Number of Packs of Cards now entered by me, is the full Amount of the Quantity of Painted, Spotted and Playing Cards manufactured by me, or for my Use, from the Day of to the time of this my present Entry, except

Packs made up by me for Exportation, which are now lodged in His Majesty's Stores, or have been exported (as the case may be.)'

Which Oath or Affirmation such Distributor or other proper Officer is hereby authorized and required to

ad mini Her.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Cards and Dice who shall endeavour to defraud H is Majesty by any Concealment or undue Entry, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty

Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Card Maker who shall make any Cards, his Foreman, Head Servant or Person employed to attend such Business from time to time, and as often as such Card Makei or other Person employed as aforesaid shall be required by the Officer or Officers appointed to view and take an Account of the lame, shall shew to such Officer or Officers all the Stock then on hand of Cards, and all Materials for making the same belonging to such Card Maker or Card Makers, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, in case of Refusal to be forfeited by such Card Maker or Card Makers, and of Five founds to be forfeited by the Foreman, Head Servant or other Person employed, so refusing as aforesaid; and that in Default of the Payment of the said Sum of Five Pounds, such Foieman, Head Servant or other Person so employed shall suffer One Month's Imprisonment; and that in case such Officer or Officers shall afterwards find any Cards or Materials for making Cards of the Stock then on hand, over and above the Quantity so shewn as aforesaid, such Cards and Materials shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to seize and carry away the fame; and such Card Maker or Card Makers shall respectively forfeit a Sum at the Rate of Twenty Pounds for every Twelve Dozen of Sheets of Paper Materials for Card-making which shall be found over and above the Quantity that shall have been shewn as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them,

to appoint such Officer or Officers, as they shall think proper, to keep an Account of all Cards and Materials for making Cards, which shall from time to time be found by him or them in the Possession of any Card Maker or Card Makers, and upon any Decrease or Deficiency of such Stock of Cards and Materials not properly accounted for, to charge such Card Maker or Card Makers with all Duties payable for such Cards not accounted for, and also with the Amount of the Duties on so many Cards as might be made from or with such Materials not accounted for as aforesaid 5 the said Duties to be paid by such Card Maker or Card Makers upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, before such Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, in Dublin, and before the Distributor of Stamps in Cork and Limerick respectively, ascertaining the Quantity so deficient and brought to Charge, which Oath the said Officers respectively are hereby empowered and required to administer. t

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or Distributor or any Stamp Master of Cards, after Proof made of such Deficiency, shall allow any Entry to be made by, or shall stamp any Cards of or belonging to such Card Maker or Card Makers before he, she or they shall have answered or paid.all Charges made on account of such Decrease or Deficiency, that in every such case such Officer, Distributor or Stamp Master shall respectively forfeit the Sum of 'twenty Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Forfeiture of Painted, Spotted or Playing Cards, or of Utensils or Materials for making Cards, shall be incurred by virtue of any Act, now of force, or which shall be hereafter enacted, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall detest the Fraud or Offence for which such Cards, Utensils or Materials shall become forfeited, to seize and attach and carry away all such Cards, and the same to lodge in such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, there to be detained and kept until disposed of by due Courfr of Law.

XL. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Card Maker or Card Makers shall make up CardB intended for Exportation, he, she or they shall within One Hour after the same are made up, give Notice thereof to the Stamp Master of the Place where such Cards shall be made up, and shall in the Presence of the said Stamp Master, deposit such Cards in some of His Majesty's Storehouses, at the Place where such Cards shall be so made up, the said Cards there to remain until a Certificate from the Collector of the Port shall be produced to the said Stamp Master, which Certificate shall express or import that all legal Requisites relative to such Card* have been performed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if such Card Maker or Card Makers shall at any time remove such Cards so deposited afe aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or shall suffer the same to be removed without Permission of the Storekeeper or Surveyor of His Majesty's Stores first had and obtained, he, she or they, shall, for every m1 Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 87.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and in all and every or any other Act or Acts for the granting of Stamp Duties, or for the amending of the Laws for regulating the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall he of Force and Effect, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, paying, collecting, enforcing and securing the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, and for the recovering and levying of all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been hereby* re-enacted with relation to the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, except only so far as any of such Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Acts, or any or either of them contained, are or shall be expressly altered or repealed or otherwise provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts now in force or hereafter to be made, or which may have been or shall be passed in this present Session of Parliament, for the better Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland or any of them.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Duties hereby granted, shall commence and take Effect from the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof, and shall be in force from that time forward, and not sooner.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written or printed any of the following Articles or any Part thereof, except as otherwise particularly provided, the respective Duties following; that is to say,

ARTICLES.

Duty.

I. Patents, Grants and Admissions, of or to Dignities, Offices, Benefits or Degrees, and Exemplifications, and Certificates thereof.

Any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the fame not hereby charged with a specific Duty (Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted)

Any Patent for an Archbishoprick -

Any Patent for a Dukedom -

Any Patent for a Marquisate -

Any Patent for an Earldom -

Any Patent for a Viscount -

Any Patent for a Bishoprick -

Any Patent for a Barony -

Any Patent for a Baronetage -

Any Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, or any Collation by any Archbishop or Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice, Dignity or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds

And for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first One hundred Pounds a Year, a further Duty of

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbishop, Bishop or Vic^r General of the Diocese 5 provided always, that Two or more Benefices episcopally united shall be deemed One Benefice only.

Any Institution that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court; provided that an Institution to Two or more Benefices episcopally united shall bfc considered as an Institution to a single Benefice -

Collation by an Archbishop or Bishop to be considered as equivalent to Presentation and institution, and subject to the Two Duties accordingly. Any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty, from the Lord Archbishop of Armagh, or Master of the Faculties for the time being -

Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, out of the Civil List, or out of any other Fund, not being Part of the Supplies of the Year, or appropriated by Parliament,

Of any definite and certain Sum or Sums of Money,

Not amounting to iool.

j£ s. d.

20 0 0

100 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

So 0 0

100 0 0

So 0 0

S 0 0

5 0 0

200

25 o o

1 10 o Patents/

861

Powers of 43 G. 3. c. 21. &c. relating to Stamps in Ireland extended t* this Act.

CommeDcemesf of Act.

Patents, Grants, &c. — continued.

Amounting to 100l. and not amounting to 250l.

Amounting to 25ol. and not amounting to 500l.

Amounting to 500l. and not amounting to 750l.

Amounting to 750l. and not amounting to 1 , ooool.

Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards, for every iool. thereof Any Grant from His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Annuity or Pension not amounting to One hundred Pounds per Annum

Amounting to icol. and not amounting to 200l. per Annum Amounting to 200l. and not amounting to 4.C0l. per Annum Amounting to 400l. and not amounting to 600. per Annum Amounting to 600l. and not amounting to 800l. per Annum Amounting to 800l. and not amounting to i, ooool. per Annum Amounting to i, ooool. or upwards -

But where any such Grant of Annuity or Pension shall be made in Confirmation, or by way of Renewal only, of any former Grant of the like Amount and Description, then only a Duty of -

And where several and distinct Annuities or Pensions shall be granted to or for the Benefit of different Persons by the fame Instrument, the proper Duty shall be charged in respetl of each Annuity or Pension; but, where the Grant shall be of any Annuity or Pension to or for the Benefit of Two or more Persons jointly, the Duty shall be charged in respect of the whole.

Any Grant or Appointment by Plis Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate in Ireland, of or to any Office or Employment, by Letters Patent, Deed or other Writing,

Where the Salary, Fees and Emoluments appertaining thereto shall not amount to 50l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 50l. and not amount to iool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to iool. and not amount to 200L per Annum And where the same shall amount to 200l. and not amount, to 300l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 300l. and not amount to 500l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 500l. and not amount to 750l. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 750l. and not amount to i, ocol. per Annum And where the same shall amount to r, ooool. and not amount to 1, 5001. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 1, 5001. and not amount to 2, ooool. per Annum And where the fame -shall amount to 2, ooool. and not amount to 3, ooool. per Annum And where the same shall amount to 3, ooool. per Annum or upwards

The said Fees and Emoluments to be estimated according to the average Amount thereof for Three Years preceding where practicable; and in other cases according to the bed Information that can be obtained.

And where any such Grant or Appointment shall be made to or of Two or more Persons jointly, with separate and distinct Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, the same shall be charged with a separate and distinct Duty in respect of each Person, according to the Amount of the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments appertaining to each Person.

Provided always, that no Duty shall be charged in respect of any Person to whom any Office or Employment shall be granted anew, upon the Revocation of any former Grant or Appointment, and who shall have paid a Stamp Duty on any former Grant or Appointment, unless the Salaries, Fees and Emoluments, appertaining to such Person, shall be in any Manner augmented 5 and, in that case, a Duty shall be charged in respectc of such Person, only in Proportion to the Amount of the Augmentation. Provided also, that no Duty mail be charged upon or in respect of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment ou which any of the foregoing Grants may be engrossed, printed or written.

Any Grant of Escheatoi ship -

Any Grant of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant pv Profit not herein particularly charged, that shall puss the Seal of the Exchequer (Custodiara Leases excepted) -

Any rardon or Remission, except Pardons passed in forma pauperis^ of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, exceeding the Sum of 50l. Any Admission of any FeHow of the-College of Physicians or Surgeons

£. /. d.

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

5 0 0

1 10 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

20 0 0

30 0 0

40 0 0

50 0 0

1 10 0

t 10 3 o

5

10

20

30

40

50

75

100

150

4

10

20 O ©

O O

Patents*

Patents, Grants, &c. — continued.

Any Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns Any Admission of any Barrister into the Inns of Court -

Any Admission of any Advocate, Proctor, Attorney, Solicitor* Clerk or other Officer or Officers in any Court whatsoever; except any Officer in any inferior Court whose Office is under the Value of iol. a Year in Salary, Fees and other Perquisitesj and except any annual Officer in any Corporation -

Any Certificate to be taken out by any Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, of his Admission, Enrolment or Registry, in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where Debt or Damage doth amount to 40s.

or more,

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, has not been admitted for Three Years, yearly -

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Years or more, yearly -

Any Appointment or Deputation of any Person to be a Seneschal or Steward of a Manor Court -

Any Entry, Minute or Memorandum of the Admission of any Person into any Corporation, Guild or Company (except a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Institution only) who shall be so admitted iu respect of his Birth, Apprenticeship or Marriage, entered or made in the Court Book, Roll or Record of any such Corporation, Guild or Company -

Any Entry, Minute or Memorandum, of the Admission of any other Person into any Corporation, Guild or Company (except a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Institution only)

£ /. d.

20 o o 20 o o

20 o o

IOO

300 2 0 0

a 10 o 100

II. Indentures, Bonds and other Deeds and Instruments, and Exemplifications, Inrolments, Memorials or Registries thereof.

On the First Skin of any Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed or Instrument, not otherwise charged (except Indentures of Apprenticefiiip where no Apprentice fee shall be given, or, if any be given, where such Apprentice fee shall not exceed the Sum of iol.) for the First Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, therein For every other Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment* or Sheet or Piece of Paper therein -

Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Contract* whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney, or Solicitor, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles or Contradls

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to a Notary Publick, in order to his becoming a Notary Publick, on each Part of such Indentures

Any other Indenture of Apprenticefiiip, where the Sum or Value given, paid or con traded or agreed for, with or in relation to such Apprentice, shall exceed xol. and shall, not exceed 20l.

Where such Sum or Value shall exceed 201. and shall not exceed 50l.

50 ICO

- IOO - - 200

- 200 - - 3OO

- 3OO -'4OO

- 4OO - - 5CO

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of 500I'. forever)' iool. of such Excess, a Duty of -

The First Skin, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Indenture of Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article for settling or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Years, whether with or without a Clause or Covenant for the Renewal thereof; (except Leases made by any M.ifter in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, under the Orders of the said Courts respediv.ely; and except Leases by Elegit Creditors, and also Leases of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments ejected for Non Payment of Rent, and still redeemable, so as such Leases shall not exceed the Period during which the same shall continue redeemable, respectively.)

o 10 o

050

50 o o 500

050.910 o i o o 200 300 6 c o 900

300

Indenture

864 C. 87

5^° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Indentures, See. — continued.

Where the annual Amount of the Rent reserved, or agreed to be referred, (any Penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount, ) shall not exceed iot. and the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed 100l.

Where the annual Amount

r

of such Rent

of tuch Fine or Consideration

f shall exceed '-J — --\ and dial) not exceed shall exceed X and shall not exceed

£ s. d. £ X. d. £ X. d. £ X. d.

IO 0 0 20 0 0 IOO 0 0 150 0 0

20 0 0 5° 0 0 I50 0 0 200 0 0

5° 0 0 100 0 0 250 0 0 500 0 0

100 0 0 150 0 0 500 0 0 750 0 0

150 0 0 200 0 0 750 0 0 1, 000 0 0

200 0 0 250 0 0 1, 000 0 0 1, 250 0 0

250 0 0 3°° 0 0 1, 250 0 0 1, 50° 0 0

300 0 0 390 0 0 1, 500 0 0*>7 5° 0 0

35° 0 0 400 0 0 L75° 0 0 2, 000 O O

And where the annual Amount of such Rent, reserved or agreed to be reserved, (hal exceed the Sum of 400l. or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of 2, ooool. then for every icol. of the whole Amount of such Rent, and for every 500l. of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of -

Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or Legal or Equitable Article, after the First Skin or Sheet -

The First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty one Fears, shall be subject to a Duty equal in the Whole to Double the Amount of the foregoing Duties on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper in any Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article respectively;

And, in case nich Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, Minute, Memorandum or legal or equitable Article, shall be executed by the Leflor or Lessors therein, or any of them, by virtue of any Letter of Attorney for that Purpose, then for every 5l. of the annual Amount of such Rent, reserved or agreed to be reserved, and for every 25l. of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty, in all cases, on the First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any of such Instruments, of -

The First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed or Instrument, for demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland, executed by any Master in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by any Elegit Creditor, or any Lease of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under Eviction for Non Payment of Rent and redeemable where such Lease shall not exceed the Period during which the same shall continue to be redeemable;

Where such Rent shall not exceed 200l. by the Year, or that Rate for any Portion of a Year -

Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 200l. by the Year, and shall not exceed the Rate of 400l. by the Year -

Where such Rent shall exceed the Rate of 400l. by the Year, then for every tool.

of the Yearly Rate of such Rent -

Every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, in any such Indenture, Lease, Release or Deed, Minute, Memorandum or Legal or Equitable Article, after the First Skin or Sheet

Any Letter of Attorney, empowering any Person to receive Rents in Ireland, except Letters of Attorney to receive Rents unaer Custodiams or Elegits

Any Letter of Attorney, empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland, on the Part and Behalf of any Lessor or Lessee;

Where the Annual Amount of the Rent reserved or to be reserved, in such Lease or Leases (any penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a

5

£ x. d.

050

o 10

0 15

1 o

1 10

2 O

2 IO

3 0

3 10

4

o o

5 0

010

0100

100

0100

050

500

Indentures

Indentures, &c. — continued.

penal Rent not being included in such Amount), shall not exceed 5l. and the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed 20l.

And where the Amount of such Rent shall exceed the Sum of 5l. or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of 20k -

Any such Letter of Attorney, not specifying the Amount of the Rent and Fine to be reserved or received on such Lease -

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person or Persons to execute any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance of Lands or Tenements in Ireland, where the Consideration for such Conveyance shall not exceed tool.

And where the Amount of such Consideration shall exceed tool, or where the Amount of such Consideration shall not be expressed in such Letter of Attorney Any Recognizance conditioned for the Payment of Money or Performance of Covenants or Agreements, and any Statute Staple or Statute Merchant, and Entry of Record in any Court or Office not herein otherwise charged, except Recognizances taken before any Just ice or Justices of the Peace, and Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister in their nefpe6tive Counties, or by the Chairman of Kilmaiuham, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin -

Any Contract, Bond or other Obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any Principal Sum not otherwise particularly charged, not exceeding iool.

Where such Principal Sum shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 3001.

300l. - 500l.

5001. - i, ooool.

1.0001. - 2, ooool.

2, 000 k - 3, 0001.

3.0001. - 5, 0001.

Where such Principal Sum shall exceed 5, 000b

Any Bond commonly called a Mortgage or Annuity Bond, or Bond given as a colla teral Security for or in respect of any Mortgage or Annuity

Any Bond given pursuant to the Directions of any Act of Parliament, or by the Diretiion of the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties, or Inland Excite and Taxes in Ireland, or any of their Officers, for or in respect of any of the Duties of Customs or Excise or Taxes, or for preventing Frauds or Evasion thereof, or for any other Matter or Thing relating thereto -

Any other Bond not being for the Payment of any Principal Sum, or not herein otherwise charged

The First Skin or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in any Deed or other Instrument for the Security, by way of Mortgage, of any Sum of Money on any Estate or Property whatsoever in Ireland, which shall be executed by the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, or any of them, and in any Deed, Article or Instrument, for the Sale, Settlement or Conveyance of any Estate or Property whatsoever in Ireland, whether Real or Personal, and of whatever Tenure or Description, which shall be executed by the Grantor or Grantors, or any of them, (except Alignments of Judgments which are to pay Duty only as Deeds, not particylarly charged)

Where the Amount of Money so secured on such Estate or Property, or the Consideration bona fide paid or agreed to be paid for such Sale, Settlement or Conveyance, shall not exceed 100L Where the Amount of such

100L 3001.

5001. i, ooooL

2.0001.

3.0001.

4.0001.

5.0001. io, ooooL 15, 000k

Where the Amount of such Money shall exceed 20, 000k

Every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or ] such Part of such Mortgage or Deed, Ar Settlement or Conveyance, after the First 51 Geo. III. 5 T

Money shall exceed

and shall not exceed

£ /. d. a o o 10 o o 10 o o

2 0 0

10 o o

050

050

0 10 o 100

1 10 o

2 0 0 2 0 0 4 0 0 5 0 0

0 5 0

o to o

o 10 o

O 15 O

300k I 0*0

500 k I IO 0

I, ooool. 2 0 0

2, ooool. 2 IO 0

3, 000k 4 0 0

4, 000 k 6 00

5, 000k 800

J0, 0001. 10 0 0

15, 000 k 12 0.0

20, 000 k 15 0 0

20 0 0

of Paper, in

est, for Sale,

m 0 0

Indentures,

V

Indentures, &c . — continued. '

Any Award under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made ia Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be enrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of, any Court

Any Instrument made in Ireland, not under Sea), whether the same shall contain an actual Contract, or shall be the Evidence only of a Contract, where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of aol. or upwards

Any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court, not hereby otherwise charged

Any Conveyance or .Surrender of any Grant or Grants, or Office or Offices, Release or other Deed whatsoever (except Indentures of Attornies' Apprentices and Alignments thereof, and Alignments or Judgments), which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever, over and above all other Duties -

Any Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, Will or Devise, which shall he registered in the Public Office for registering such Memorials, or shall be entered in any of the Courts of Record in Ireland (except Memorials of Demiles, and except Memorials af Assignments of Judgments)

Any Memorial of any Deroife, or t>f any Agreement to demtfe Any Memorial of the Assignment of any Judgment,

Where the Penalty of such Judgment so assigned shall not exceed tool.

And where the Penalty of such Judgment so assigned shall exceed 100l.

Airy attested Extract or attested Copy, or any Certificate of any Memorial from the Office for the Registry of Deeds -

m. Writs, Processes or other Proceedings, Commissions, Pleadings, Judgments, Appeals and Executions in Suits or Actions at Law or in Equity.

Any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine -

Any Writ of Entry for suffering a Common Recovery

Any Petition in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in the Prerogative Court, or Consistorial Court of Dublin -

Any Order, or Fiat for Order, made on any such Petition Any Letters of Guardianship tinder the Great Seal of Ireland

Any Commission, or Writ of Dedimus Protestatem, to take Answers, or to examine Witnesses, or for any other Purpose, which shall Hfue from the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or any Ecclesiastical Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any other Court in Ireland, except Commissions of the Peace -

Any original Writ, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, Writ of Capias quo minus or any other Writ, Process or Mandate whatever, not herein otherwise charged, that shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts in Dublin (whether the fame be the so* perior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts)

Any Copy of airy such Writ which shall be served on any Defendant or Defendants therein named -

Any Entry of any Process of Contempt for not appearing, or for not answering, which shall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or in the Ecclesiastical Courts, whether such Process shall rffue or not -

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor or other Agent, to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action or Suit in any Court holding Plea in Ireland, where the Debt or Damage amounts to Forty Shillings or above, or where the Thing in Demand or cause of Suit is of that Value, or to proUcute or defend such Action or Suit, or to confess Judgment thereon -

Any Appearance to be entered in any such Court or Courts <in Ireland by any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -

Any Warrant to any Pro6lor to prosecute or defend any Soit in the Court of Prerogative, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty

Any Appearance to be entered in any such Court or Courts in Ireland by any Proctor, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -

Any special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the said Courts, or in any Court whatioevfcr Any Appearance' that shall be made on Rich Bail Any Common Bail to be filed in any Court whatsoever, and any Appearance that Audi be made on such Bail

1. d.

o 10 o

o 10 0 0 15 0

100

o 10 c

026

o 50 o 10 o

004

2 0 0

2 0 0

2 6 O I 0 100

O 10 0

o i o 006

010

- o

2 6

G I 0

0*6

o X 0

o I 0 o I 0

0 4°

Writs,

86;

A.D. 181*. 5a* GEORGII III. c. 87.

SCHEDULE (A). Duty.

Writs, Proceffee, &c. — continued. Any Bail Bond taken by any Sheriff or Under Sheriff^ or by any Town Clerk or any Se-«d.

nefchal of any Manor - Any Alignment of such Bail Bond - Any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or Demurrer, and any Interrogatories, an4 any Libel, Allegation or other Plea or Pleading, of what Nature or Kind soever not herein otherwise charged, that shall be filed by or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court, or in any other Court it Ireland save and except the Paper Drafts of Depositions 0.0 0 0

before they are engrossed J - - Any Declaration, Bid, Answer, Demurrer, Plea or Pleading at Law or in Equity, filed by or on behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor who shall sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor in his own proper Person, on the First Skin thereof, over and above all other 040

Stamp Duties - - - Any attefied Copy of any Declaration in Ejectment or other Declaration, Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, Deposition, Allegation or Libel, or of any other Plea or Pleading in any Court whatever, or any Copy of any Record to be furnished to any of the Judges for the hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Ex- 026

chequer Chamber or in the Court of Delegates ... Any Exception, to any Answer or Report filed in any Court of Equity or in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, to be charged upon each Exception, whether joined with, any 0 0

other or others on the Oune Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or not And for every Ninety Words, which each and every Exception (hah contain over and 0 2 6 i

above the first Ninety Words* a farther Duty of And upon each and every Exception over and above the first Ten Exceptions, a fur- 0 i 6 1

ther Duty of - And for every Ninety Words which each and every such Exception after the first Ten Exceptions shall contain over and above the first Ninety Words, a further 040

Duty of ... Any Certificate of the Number of Stamps appearing on the Face of any Pleading the 026,

Court of Chancery or Equity Sjde of the Court of Exchequer Any Charge or Discharge filed iii any Court of Equity Any attefied Copy of any such Charge or Discharge Any attefied Copy of any Account or Report filed in any Cause in the Court of 010 0 1 0 010

Chancery or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer Any Copy of any AccQunt gr Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor 0 M O

or Lunatic - - ...92 6

Any original Affidavit, Affirmation or Deposition, not hereby oxherwjfe charged, taken before any Person or Persons authorized by Law to take toe fame (except such Affidavits or Affirmations as shall be taken before the Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, Affidavits relating tp Criminal Prosecutions, Affidavits or Affirmations made for the Purpose of registering Freeholds; and all Affidavits or Affirmations to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before a Magistrate of any Corporation acting as a Justice of the Peace, unless hereby otherwise charged; and except Affidavits or Affirmations to be taken before a Magistrate acting in any Court of Confidence, or of a summary Jurisdiction, or before a*iy Judge of Assize, Commissioner of Oyer and Terminer or Recorder or Assistant Barrifier, relative to Prosecutions or Trials on Indictments or to Civil Bills; and except Affidavits or Affirmations made in pursuance of any Act relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Corn Premiums, or before the Dublin Society; and except Affidavits or Affirmations with respect to the Regulations or Management of the Stamp Duties directed to be made before One or more of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or before any Person appointed by them> or before any Magistrate or Commissioner for taking Affidavits) -.-.- Any attefied Copy of such Affidavit q$. Affirmation whfob shall be reajd ia any Court whatsoever --- Pi 6 002

Any Affidavit msfoe to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application, agafoft a Sheriff or Coroner - - - 050

Any Copy of apy such Affidavit, Any Affidavit or Affirmation made in pursuance of any Law for ameqding or repairing Public Roads, qr ma^e before the Trustees of any Turnpike relive to thp Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair oi Roads, or any other 006

5 T a Writ*.

Writs, Processes, kc. — continued*

Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Presentments,

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, raised or accounted for, shall not exceed 50l.

Where such Amount shall exceed 50l. and shall not exceed iool.

Where such Amount shall exceed iool. and shall not exceed 2 col.

Where such Amount shall exceed 200l.

Any Commission for taking Affidavits that shall be issued from any Court Any Summons or Warrant issued by any Mailer in Chancery, or by the Chief or Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Prothonotaries of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or by the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in the Exchequer, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Re-giflers of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or by any other Officer or Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, or any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or of the Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court in Ireland, for the Purpose of proceeding to settle any Decree or Proceeding on any Order of Reference or Taxing Colls, or any other Purpose for which Summonses or Warrants are usually issued by such Officers respectively -

Any Summons of any Judge of the superior Courte of Law or Equity in Ireland Any Rule or Order (except in Causes prosecuted upon Indictments or Presentments) made or given on Petition or Motion in any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 40s. whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively in his Chamber, by way of Fiat

for an Order -

Any Copy of such Rule or Order, or any Copy of any other Record or Proceedings in any of the said Courts, not hereby otherwise charged -

Any Record of Nisi Prius -

Any Writ of Enquiry of Damages -

Any Inquisition or Issue taken or found by any Jury in any Civil Action, whether at Nisi Prius, or before any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or other Officer or Officers, or any Judgment by Default or otherwise, or on any Suggestion, or on any Writ of Elegit Any Interlocutory Judgment in any Court of Law in Ireland

Any final Judgment which shall be signed by the Mailer of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary, or his Secondary, Deputy or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts in the City of Dublin, who have Power, or usually do or shall sign Judgments, whether the said Judgment so signed arises in any Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Confession, for any Sum under iool.

For iool. or upwards, and not exceeding 200I -

And for every iool. exceeding the Sum of 200l. a further Duty of Any Writ of Habere Facias Seifinam, or Writ of Restition or Possession Any Warrant to any Attorney to satisfy a Judgment entered of Record in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in Dublin -

Any Warrant of Attorney to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, and any Order obtained to vacate the fame -

Any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Chancery, written on Paper and signed by the proper Officer -

Any attelled Copy of any such Decree or Dismissal -

Any Decree or Dismissal made by or in the Court of Exchequer, written on Paper, and signed by the proper Officer

Any attelled Copy of any such Decree or Dismissal -

Any Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal Any Writ of Error or Certiorari, or any Appeal in any Civil Case (except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocesan or Archiepiscopal Court, or from any Dismiss or Decree on any Civil Bill, or from any Manor Court)

Except always, in all case9, and as to all Stamp Duties, all Proceedings in any Court Martial, or in any Suit in any of the Courts aforesaid, which shall be sued, prosecuted or had by any rerson admitted to sue or defend therein in forma pauperis.

£ /. d.

020 030 040 050 1 5 o

010

020

O Z O

O I

o 10 o 10

o 10 0 5

050 o 10 0 006 o 10 o

0 2 0

0 5 0

o 4

O 4.

O 5 o 5 o 15

100

Writs,

Writs, Processes, &c. — continued.

Any Entry of any Action in the Mayor's or Sheriffs Court, in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations -

Any Appearance to be entered to any such Action -

Any Summons or Process whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer the Plaintiffs Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary way by Civil Bill

Any Copy of any such Summons -

Any Decree which shall be made or pronounced by, or any Warrant which shall issue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister, Town Clerk or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Assize, or other Judge whatever, in Causes heard by Civil Bill;

Where the Sum decreed shall be under 5l.

shall amount to 5l. and shall not amount to iol.

- shall amount to iol. or upwards

Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Recorder, Chairman, Assistant Barrister or Judge of Assize

Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Seneschal, or Steward of any Manor, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill -

Any Renewal of a Decree or Dismiss by whomsoever made on any Proceeding by Civil Bill -

Any Recognizance on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss by whomsoever made or pronounced in any Proceeding by Civil Bill -

Any Citation or Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons, Requifitioa or other Pro* cess of what Nature or Kind soever, that shall issue out of any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland (except in any Suit for Tithes, and not herein otherwise charged), and any Copy thereof respectively -

Any Citation, Monition, Proceeding* Senteuce or Decree, made in the PrerogativeCourt, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, in any Suit for Tithes, or any Copies of them respectively Any Inventory lodged or exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, and any Copy thereof.

Any Warrant (except Warrants to Pro&ora to appear), Monition or Decree in the Court of Admiralty, except in Suits for recovery of Seamens' Wages

Any Decree, Sentence or Dismiss in any Ecdecfiastical Court in Ireland save as aforesaid*- -

Any Sentence or Attachment (except in Suit3 for the Recovery of Seamens' Wages), that shall be given in or made out of the Court of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment -

Any Interlocutory Decree or Sentence in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, save as aforesaid -

Any Exemplification of any Decree, Sentence or Dismiss, in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland -

Any Commission issued out of any Ecclesiastical Court not hereinbefore particularly charged -

Any Appeal from any Diocesan Court -

Any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Archiepiscopal Court -

Any Custodiam under the Seal of the Exchequer grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil Action -

IV. Probates and Administrations and Receipts for Legacies.

Any Probate of a Will (except such Probate as shall be taken out by any Executor coming in after another Executor shall have obtained Probate of the fame), and any Letter of Administration whatever, except Administrations Pendente Lite, or De Bonis non, of whatever Number of Skins or Pieces of Parchment or Vellum, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, the fame may consist;

Where the Estate and Effects for or in respect of which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall be granted (exclusive of what the Deceased shall have been possessed of or entitled to as a .Trustee for any other Person or Persons, and not beneficially)

£ /. d.

0 1 0

0 X 0

O 0 2

O 1 2

O 2- 0

0 4 6

O 7 6

O 4 0

O 1 6

O 1 6

O 2 6

0 5 0

O 1 0

O 5 0

O 7 6

O 7 6

t 0 0

O 10 0

O 15 0

O 7 6

5 0 0

10 0 0

0. 5 0

Probates*,

Probates, kc. — -continued.

shall be of the Value of

30 and under the Value of [1100.

200

300 400 5QO 600 700.

800 900

1.000

1, 500 2)000 3 >500

5.000

7 >500

10, 000

12.500

15.000

17.500

20.000

25.000

30.000 35>oooo

40.000 45 poo 5opoo 60, 00q

70POQ

8o, oco

90.000

IOOPQQ I25POO I50, Q<J0 I75POO

200, 000

250, 000

300.000

550.000

400.000

500.000 and upwards Any Letters of Administration Pendente Lite

Except in all cases the Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels and Effects of any Non Commissioned Officer or Private Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall die in the Service of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and except Letters of Administration De Bonis non. Any Copy of any Will attested by the proper Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court Any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other Description, given by any Will or Teflamentary Instrument, and charged upon or given, out of any Real or Personal Estate, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Eft ate directed to be sold by any Will or Teflamentary Instrument; or for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying, testate or intestate, or for the clear Residue, or for any Part or Proportion of the clear Residue devised to any Person or Persons of any Monies arising or that may arise by the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Teflamentary Instrument (after deduding Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies and other Charges first made, payable thereout, it any) :

For every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or Part or Proportion of Residue, and for any fra&ional Part thereof, over and above any Sum or progressive Sums of iool. the Sums following; videlicet.

If such Legacy or Residue, or Proportion of the Residue, shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister -

loo 200 300, 400 500 600 700 8 co 900

1, OQ0

1, 500 2, 000 3*5^0 5*oooo 7 >500

10.000 12, 500

15.000 17>5oo

20.000 25>°OQ

30.000 35*oco

40.000 45>oooo

50.000

60.000

70.000

80.000 90*000

100.000

125.000

150.000 175*000

200.000

250.000

300.000

350.000

400.000

500.000

£ X. <k

0 10 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

; I 0 0 0 0 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

*5 0 0

20 0 0

£ 0 0 0 0

75 0 0

90 0 0

110 0 0

*35 0 0

160 Q 0

18$ 0 0

210 0 0

260 0 0

310 0 0

360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

550 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

1, 200 0 0

1*400 0

1, 600 0 0

2, 000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

3*000 0 0

3>5°° 0 0

4>oooo 0 0

5*oooo 0 0

0, 000 0 0

5 0 0

0 0 3

150

Probates,

Probates, See . — continued.

If the same shall be giveaor pads to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmotner of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister -

If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of collateral Confanguinrty to the Deceased than as above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Public Institutions, {except charitable Institutions)..-.

If any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, and shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Child, then, for every iool. of the Value thereof -

Except, mall cafe6, any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Red-due, or any Part or Proportion of Residue, of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased; and except, in all cases, any Receipt or Difebarge for any Legacy or any Residue, or Part of Residue, of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or pass to Or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

V. Mercantile and Commercial Instrument*.

(For the Duty on Insurances fee Schedule B.)

Any Charter Party, Passport, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney (except Warrants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney otherwise charged), or any Notarial AQl not otherwise charged -

Any Bill of Lading whidi shan be signed for any Goods exported -

Any Inftrament entitling any Person or Persons exporting any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from Ireland, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the fame

Any Policy of Assurance or Inference, or any Writing commonly focalled, for infur-ing Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or other Property from Loss by Fire -

Any Bank Note or Bank Post Bill which shall be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers who shaft have registered his or their Name or Names, or Finn, in manner dhe&ed by Law, where the Svm expressfed therein shall not amount to $1.

shall amouat to $1. and not amount to 1 ol.

shall amount to toI. and not amount to 50L -

Any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note, whether of Bankers or otherwise. Draft or Order (except Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills otherwise charged, and except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding 2L 10s. nailed on account of Tithes, or for Money lent by or payable to any Society for Charitable Loan, or by or to their Trustees in Trust for them)

Where the Sumexpressed therein shall not exceed jol.

Where the Sum shall exceed iol. and shall not exceed 301.

- 30l. - - 50l.

- 50l. - - iool.

- iool. - - 2001.

- 2001. - - 500l.

500l. - - 1, 0001.

- 1, 0001. - - 3, 000l.

Where such Sum shall exceed 3, 00 1.

Any Draft or Order in Writing For. the Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding iol. British Currency, on Demand, payable to Bearer, or otherwise, drawn upon any Bank or Banker or Bankers, or any Person or Persons acting as a Banker or Bankers in Ireland, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually drawn and ifluod, which shall be negociated, or of which Payment shall be required at any time after the Expiration of Two Days from the Date thereof -

Any Protest where the Amount of the Bifl or Note speerfied therein shall be less than col.

Where such Amount shall be 50k or upwards -

£ t. d.

200

2 10 o

500 o 10 o

040

006

006

O O I -j

003

004

o

o

o

X)

V

o

V

0 10

1 o

003

040

050

Mercantile

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

.87.

Mercantile Instruments — continual.

Exempt ion from the preceding and all other Duties:

All Bills for the Pay and Allowances of His Majesty's Land Forces, or for the Expenditures liable to be charged in the public Regimental or District Accounts, which shall be drawn according to the Forms now prescribed, or hereafter to be pnrscribed, i>y His Majesty's Orders by the Paymasters of Regiments or Corps, or by the Chief Paymaster or Deputy Paymaster and Accountant of the Army Depot, or by the Paymasters of Recruiting Districts, or by the Paymasters of Detachments, or by the Officer or Officers authorised to perform the Duties of Paymasteribip during a Vacancy, or the Absence, Suspen-fion or Incapacity of any such Paymaster as aforesaid; save and except such Bills as shall be^drawn in Favour of Contractors or others who furnish Bread or Forage to His Majesty's Troops, and who by their Cootrads or Agreements 'shall be liable to pay toe Stamp Duties on the Bills given in Payment for the Articles supplied by them.

Any Receipt or other Discharge given on the Payment of any Sum of Money, or on the Delivery of any Cheaue, Draft, Bill or other Order for any Sum of Money,

Where the Sum shall amount to 2l. and not amount to 10l.

Where the Sum shall amount to 10l. and not amount to 20l.

Where the Sum shall amount to 20l. and not amount to 50l.

Where the Sum shall amount to 50L and not amount to iool.

Where the Sum shall amount to 100L and not amount to 200l.

Where the Sum shall amount to 200l. and not amount to 500l.

Where the Sum shall amount to 500L and upwards -

And where any Sum of Money whatever shall be therein expressed or acknowledged to be received in full of all Demands

Except Receipts for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any House of any registered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of any Bond, Bill, Note or Deed, and being for the Contents or Consideration, or any Part of the Contents or Consideration thereof, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on Account of Pay, Allowance or other Military or Naval Perquisites or Emoluments, or by any Officer of the Exchequer for Money received for His Majesty, or any Acknowledgment by Letter, of Mopey, Bill, or Note or Notes remitted by Post j and except Receipts for the Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and Advertisementt; and except Receipts for Legacies otherwise charged.

Any Request Note or Requisition for any Permit required to be graoted by auy Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or any Commissioner or Distributor of Stamps, or other Person duly authorized to grant toe fame, relative to any Excifable or other Goods, and any Request Note or Requisition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law

VI. Licences; and Game Certificates and Deputations.

Any Marriage Licence to be issued from the Court of Prerogative in Ireland Any Licence to any Person or Persons in Ireland for any of the Purposes hereafter mentioned, viz.

To aft sb a Notary Publick -

To keep one or more Printing Press or PreiTes

To deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland -

To insure against Fire -

To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder or Perry,

Metheglin or M^ad, in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, or within the Wall of 1 his Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (inch! ding J1 Places surrounded by the said Cities relpeCfively, and that Part of th City of Limerick called Saint Francis's Abbey, ) or within the Town of F, lfaft. -

Wit Ina the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Water-hud and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road Crrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, and not more than Two Miles

1

-£ /. d.

oot

004

008

010

020

030

050

OS0

010

O IO o

2 0 0 o I 0 o 10 0 010

40 o 0

Licences

Licences — continued

distant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein In any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, distant more than Two Miles and not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillin, Galway, Kinfale, Lifbume, Longford, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively -

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described And if the Person, licensed in such other Parts of Ireland other than those so before described, shall also be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities exceeding Two Gallons, a further Duty of -

To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland for One Month And for every successive Month -

Tor each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, shall be duly authorized by a Magistrate to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent or Booth, or in any Street, Road or open Place at such Fair To fell Home-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than 50 Gallons, in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being a licensed Distiller -

To fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than co Gallons, in any Place in Ireland, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits To keep a Malt House, the working or drying Floor whereof shall not exceed 1, 400 square Feet, and to make Malt for Sale therein, or for the Purpose of being uled in any Brewery or Distillery, for each and every Cistern or Kiln, whichever shall be the greatest in Number, in each and every Malt House in which such Business shall be carried on'- -

To keep a Malt House of any other Size or Dimension, and make Malt for Sale, or to be used in any Brewery or Distillery, for each and every Cistern or Kiln, whichever shall be the greatest in Number, in each and every Malt House in which such Business shall be carried on in the following Places 5 viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, and in any Place beyond the said Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places surroundea by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey, ) or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein, or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, or the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Calhell, Castlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillin, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein, respectively In any other Parts of Ireland than those Parts before described To fell Malt (the Party felling the fame not being licensed to make Malt)

To brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, for each and every Brewhouse in the following Places, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, or within the Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, or beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not

52 Geo. III. 5 U

£ j. d. 33 o o

22 o o 1100

1100

100

100

200

2100

IIOO

600

31 10 o

21 O O

15 15 o 210 0

Licences

Licence* — continued.

more than Two Miles distant therefrom, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey), or within the Town of Belfail Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the Public Lamps therein, or in any Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, distant more than Two Miles therefrom, and not distant more than Five Miles therefrom Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballinafloe, Ban don, Carlow, Castlell, Castlebar, Cion me 11, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Enniskillin, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford and Youghall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively In any other Place in Ireland -

To manufacture Tobacco in any manner -

And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding One Table, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licensed to keep To deal in Unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a Wholesale Importer only To fell by Retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries

To manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them, for Sale } viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House or Market House or Market Place thereof -

In any other Part of Ireland -

To manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale

To fell Paper Hangings, not bein^ the Manufacturer thereof; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland, fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House or Market House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland -

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines To make Metheglin or Mead for Sale -

To make Vinegar for Sale

To fell Tea or Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Raisins and Figs, by Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City, Town and Place returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House or Market Place of any such City, Town or Place In any other Part of Ireland

To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House or Market Place thereof In any other Part of Ireland To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather To dress Hides and Skins in Oil To make Vellum or Parchment To exercise the Trade or Business of a Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin or other Metal, for making of Stills, Still-heads and Worms of Stills, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve

£ 1. d.

5* 10 o

31 10 0

26 5 21 o 8 8

4 4

10 10

2 2

1 1

o 10

2 2

5 5

2 2

5 5

1 0

440 220 5 5°

5 5° 3 3°

5 0 2 0 1 o 1 0 1 0

Licences

Licences - — continued\

in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House or Market Place thereof -

I11 any other Part of Ireland -

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club House or Coffee House To fell by Auction, viz.

Within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey), and within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities, and in the Town of Belfast

In any other Part of Ireland -

To make Glass Bottles and other Vessel| or Utensils of Common*Bottle Metal To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other Trading Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot, or with HorL or other Beall of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell, or expo ling to Sale, any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes; also Licences to Travelling Tinkers and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale -

And further for every Horse or other Bead bearing or drawing Burthen which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their Goods, Wares and Merchandizes

To carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty -

To carry on the Trade of selling Carriages chargeable with Duty, by wajpof Auflion or on Commission -

To let to hire any Horse, for the Purpose of travelling Poll, by the Mile or from Stage to Stage

Any Certificate to be granted by any Distributor of Stamps to authorise any Person to kill Game in Ireland

Any Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper, granted to any Person by a Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland

VII. Newspapers, Almanacks and Publications.

Any Newspaper or Paper containing Public News, Intelligence or Occurrences Any Hand Bill containing a single Advertisement, not otherwise charged, except Hand Bills respecting Charities, Robberies, Murders, Loss of Property and Sales under Distress, Warrants or Executions, or for Rent -

Any Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any time less than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer time than a Year, or for several Years.

Any Dublin Directory

Any Army Lift (except such Lifts respectively as shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being) -

Arty Daily Account, or Daily Bill of Goods imported or exported from Ireland, or Abstract thereof, included in or with any other Publication (except such Daily Accounts or Bills of Imports or Exports as shall be printed or published by any Person or Persons authorized to print the fame by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and pursuant to the said Authority)

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or published daily, weekly, monthly or at any other time or times as Accounts or Abstract of Accounts of such Goods, for each Day's Account contained therein (except such Accounts or Bills of Imports or Exports as shall be printed or published by such Person or Persons as aforesaid)

£ s. d.

6 6 o

3 3 0

IO !6 o 550 I I o

2 2 0

2 2 0

050 O5O 2 2 0

2 2 0

2 2 0

0 0 2

O o o{

OO9

076 0 0 6

0 0 6

OOI

OOI

jUi

SC HE.

876 C. 8.

5* GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Articles not stamped on Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

A.D. 18 x 2,

ARTICLES.

FOR every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Accounts, to be published weekly or oftener, or in any other printed Paper 0£ Pamphlet dispersed or made public yearly, monthly or at any other interval of time, or in any Hand Bill containing more than one Advertisement, and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal or Daily Account, other than the Dublin Gazette -

For every Pamphlet or Paper not exceeding Six Sheets in Octavo, or in a lesser Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper contained in One printed Copy ox Impression thereof, a Duty of For any Assurance or Insurance; viz.

For any Assurance or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurance may be lawfully made against Loss in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of, or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of 20s. per Cent.

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Islands:

Where the Sum insured shall amount to 100l. or any less Sum And so progressively fQr every iool. so insured And where the Sum infhred shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of iool each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part - For any other Voyage where the Sum insured shall amount to iool. oranyjfefs Sum - :

And so progressively for every iool. so insured -

And where the Sum instired shall exceed iool. or any progressive Sums of 100L each, by any fractional Part of iool. for such fractional Part And where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of 208. per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty in all cases equal to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties respectively.

Any Assurance or Insurance for or upon any Sum of One hundred Pounds, or any lesser Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance, for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandizes or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly -

And for every Hundred Pounds of such Insurance, after the First Hundred, a like Sum of -

And where the Sum insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds each, by any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, for such fractional Part -

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted or playing Cards, made, manufactured or vended in Ireland -

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured or vended in Ireland

Duty.

£ j. d.

02 6

020

o 1 3

013

o 1 3

026

026

026

026

026

026

020 o 15 o

SCHEDULE (C.)

Allowances.

TO any Person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin to be stamped, or who shall buy any stamped Vellum, Parchment'or Paper, at the said Head Office, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to Twenty Pounds or Upwards save and except Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to be stamped with any Duty of Ten Pounds or upwards in the foregoing Schedules mentioned, or to be stamped with any Number of Stamps, amounting in the Whole to Ten Pounds on one Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper), an Allowance after the Rate of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought or stamped.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 87, 88. 877

Schedule (C.) — continued.

To Stationers and Shopkeepers, who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts to the Amount at One and the same Time of cl. in Consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper damped for Receipts, but actualfy and bona fide felling the fame for the Price of the Stamp only, 7l. 10s. for every 100l. of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum not under the Sum of 5l. This Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds and upwards.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage in Great Britain.

[9th July 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorized, for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand have, receive and take for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he shall carry, convey or fend Poll, in manner herein after mentioned, the additional Rates and Duties herein after specified, the lame being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to say,

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post within Great Britain, above the Distance of Twenty-Miles from the Office where such Letters may be put in, to the Office where the fame may be directed,

For every Single Letter, One Penny:

For every Double Letter, Two pence:

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Three pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four pence, and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to and from Ireland, For every Single Letter One Penny:

For every Double Letter, Two pence:

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Three pence:

And for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four pence, and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to and from His Majesty's Dominions and Plantations in America*

For every Single Letter an additional Rate of Two pence:

For every Double Letter Four pence:

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Six pence:

And for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight pence, and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

And for the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to and from Parts beyond the Seas, whether within His Majesty's Dominions or not within His Majesty's Dominions,

For every Single Letter an additional Rate of Two pence s

For every Double Letter, Four pence:

For every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Six pence:

And for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight pence, and so in Proportion for every other Letter of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend the said additional Rates of Postage to Letters to be sent by the Post to and from the Islands of Guernsey* Jersey and the Isle of Man, (except the Rates payable for Conveyance within Great Britain) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And for the Port and Conveyance by the Post of every Letter, Packet or Cover containing Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff or Samples of other Goods or other Sort of Thing, not exceeding One Ounce in Weiglrt, if the fame Letter or Packet or Cover shall be closed or not open at the Side9, an additional Rate of Twopence for every such Letter, Packet or Cover: And for the Port and Conveyance by the Post of every Letter or Cover containing One or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or containing one or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk or Stuff, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, or One or more Piece or Pieces of any other Sort of Thing inclosed therein or affixed thereto though not on Paper, if the fame do not weigh One Ounce, an additional Rate of One Penny

Addition.*1 Rates of Postage granted.

Rates.

Rates not t» extend to Guernsey, &c. Rates for Letters containing Patterns of Gtods.

S78

Rater* not to extend to Letters

set by or to

Seamen and Soldiers under 35 O.3. c. 53.

Pow ers of former Act* extended to

Act.

Duties paid to Receiver General

Money arifine by Rates to be 11 Addition to Revenue.

Separate Account of Rates kept for 10 Years.

42 G. 3. c. 70.

[General issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Act altered, &c.

Additional Duty of 20L paid for every Ton of Copper imported. I raw bock on

Exjxarutiou.

0*88^89* ^2° GEORGIIIII# AtD«1812»

for every such Letter, so as every such Letter, Packet or Cover shall be sent open at the Sides and without any Letter or Writing in, upon, or with such Packet or Cover other than the Name or Names of the Person or Persons fending the fame, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, and the Prices of the Articles contained therein or affixed thereto.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall increase or alter, or be construed to increase or alter the Amount or mannei of charging the Rates of Postage upon Single Letters to he sent by the Pod by or to Seamen or Privates employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Marines upon their own private Concerns only whilst such Seamen and Privates shall be employed in the Public Service, made payable by an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non Commtjfoned Officers, Seamen and private Men in the Navy and Army vohilfi on Service to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the P'fl at an eafirr-Rate than is now allowed by Lava; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise no: with (landing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Distribution thereof, and all Clauses and other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Act, relating to the Post Office, or any Rates or Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters or Packets (and not repealed or altered by this Act), (lull, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force, and he applied and extended, and shall he construed to apply and extend to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted shall he paid from time to time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Post Office, who shall pay the feme (the necessary Charges for collecting, paying and accounting for the fame being first deducted, ) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, on such Days and Times, and in such manner as the present Rates and Duties aredireded by Law to be paid, and the said Duties so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising and to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the incre; .fed Charges occasioned by any Loan made or to be made, or Stock created or to he created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to he passed in this Session of Parliament.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, mall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act cause a separate and distinct Account of the additional Duties granted by this Act to he prepared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for direQing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in use; and the Monies arising from the said additional Duties shall he deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created, by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times be sued, mo-lested or prosecuted for any thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall ai.d may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass 'lor the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him, her or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace.

[y)\hjuly 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, that the Duty on certain Sorts of Copper imported into Great Britain 1 \\ should be increased for a limited time May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5

and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Custoras of Twenty Pounds for every Ton Weight of Copper of the following Descriptions, imported into Great Britain, and not warehoused for Exportation; videlicet, Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, Cast Copper, Copper in Plates, Copper Coin, and Copper in Bars, Rods or Ingots, hammered or raised, and Copper Ore; and that on the due Exportation of any such Copper, on which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be paid and allowed a

Drawback

J

A.p.1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 89 — 92.

Drawback of the Whole of the said Duties 5 which additional Duty and Drawback shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated and applied in such and the like manner, and by the fame Ways, Means or Methods, in every respect, as the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs imposed and allowed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repeal-ing the federal Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated and applied*

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a definitive T reaty of Peace.

CAP. XC.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve. v [9th July 1812.]

M Irish Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear Interest. §1. Bills issued not to exceed 44 £ 500, 000. Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall cease. §2, 3. Money to be carried to the Irish Consolidated* Fund. $ 4. Bills to be chargeable thereon. §5. Bank of Ireland may advance the Sum of ^500, 000. on the Credit of this Act. §6.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

[9th July 181 2.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present* Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large; which said recited Act was continued ana amended by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way, at the Sef Jions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large; and which said recited Act was further continued by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and is now near expiring; and it is expedient that the fame should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as the fame is amended by the said recited Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland} to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

[9th July 18 i 2.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for appointing, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ftvey Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the famey and into the present Mode of receivings colic dings ijfning and accounting for public Money in Ireland; and the said recited Act has, by certain Acts made in the Forty fifth, Forty seventh, Forty ninth. Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, been continued with Amendments until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year as amended by the said other recited Acts, should be continued in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year aforesaid, as amended by the said other recited Acts, shall be and the said Acts are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be issued over and above the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts of the Forty fourth, Forty seventh. Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty first Years aforesaid, a further Sum of Money not

exceeding

879

Levied and paid as Duties and Drawbacks by 49 G. 3.C. 98.

Continuance of A a.

a; G. 3., 1) c. 4a

36 G.3. (I.)

C. 25.

44 G. 3. c. 90.

I rilhAdb further continued.

44 G. 3 c. 106.

45 G. 3. c. 65. 47 G. 3. Sefl*. l. c. 41.

49 G 3. c. jf.

50 G. 3. c. 81.

51 G. 3. c. Ex.

Further continued.

Treasury of Ireland may, issue i.occl for Payment of Clerks, fcc.

88o

Adviiti Mial Duties on Male Servants;

Carrt »^es; Hbrl'es;

Mules;

Dogs;

Hort'e Dealers 5 Game Certificates.

48G. 3 c. 55. 50 G. 3. c. 104, Duties cont'oli-dated with former Duties.

Additional Duties how raised.

Schedules, &c. made toceafe.

C. 92, 93. 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

exceeding Two thousand Pounds to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners under the said recited Acts or 3ny Three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands desire or direct, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges m or about the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, and in such manner, and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf; and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to '

whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the Course of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing or Payment of the fame on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall appoint.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of Assessed Taxes; and for consolidating the fame with the former Duties of Assessed Taxes.

[9th July 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public]Revenueof Great Britainf freely ana voluntarily resolved to grant certain new and additional Duties, in the manner and to the Amount contained in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed; and we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be assessed, raised, levied and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout Great Britain in respect of Male Servants, and other Male Persons retained or employed by any Person or Persons in any of the several Capacities mentioned in the Schedule to this A A annexed marked (C.); and in respect of Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (D.), and the Makers and Sellers thereof respectively; and in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings, kept by any Person or Persons for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this A A annexed marked (EA; and of all other Horses, Mares or Geldings, not before charged, and upon Mules described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (F.); and of all Dogs, of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G); and upon all Horse Dealers redding within the respective Limits described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (H.); and upon all Persons in respect of their taking or killing Game, or other Things mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (L.), and, as set forth in the said Schedule 5 the several new and additional Duties respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said several Schedules, respectively marked as aforesaid.

II. And whereas it i6 expedient that the said new and additional Duties should be consolidated with the Duties granted by the Two several Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, on the fame Articles respectively; Be it further enacted, That the said Duties granted by the said Acts of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, shall be consolidated with the Duties granted by this Act on the fame Articles respectively; and that from and after the respective Periods mentioned in this Act, or in the said several Schedules, for the Commencement of the said Duties respectively, the several Duties granted by the said Acts, and this Act, shall be assessed, levied and paid, in one Sum, as set forth and described in the several Schedules annexed to this Act, and the Rules therein respectively mentioned; which several Schedules, Duties and Rules, shall be conflmed as part of this Act, and as if the lame were incorporated therewith under a special EnaAment.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said new and consolidated Duties shall be assessed, raised, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provisions and Regulations of this Act and of the several Acts in force, at and immediately before the passing of this Act, in relation to the Duties granted by the said Acts, of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, or of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament; and this Act, shall be construed in such manner, and to the like Effect in all respeAs as if the Duties hereby granted and mentioned in the respective Schedules hereto annexed were expressly granted, under and subject to the several Provisions, Allowances and Penalties in the said several Acts contained, as if the several Provisions, Allowances and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act; and that from the respective Periods in the said Schedules prescribed for the Commencement of the said Duties, the Schedules to this Act annexed shall be used and praAifed in ascertaining and charging the several Rates of Duty, in lieu of the several Schedules for the like Purposes contained in any of the said Acts before mentioned, which lad mentioned j

Schedules, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall from thenceforth respectively cease and determine 5 and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters and Things contained in such AAs respectively, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Duties granted by this Act, except where other Provisions are made in this Act, shall severally and respectively in the Execution of this A A, be duly observed, praAifed and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things (except as aforesaid), were particularly and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this A A, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Duties hereby granted, (except as aforesaid).

9 IV. And

J

A.D. 181 2.

52 GEORGII III.

C-93f W*

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Persons appointed pr to be appointed Assessors of the Duties Notices left of granted by the said Acts of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid for the curreut Year, commencing ad .'mooil in England and Wales from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and in Scotland Returns e*U, rW* from the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be done, to give or leave at every House, and to every Person residing therein, who shall be separately chargeable to the Duties by this Act granted, and to every Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership of Persons so chargeable, such Notices in Writing as may be conformable to the Schedules in this Act contained, and necessary to obtain a due Assessment of the Duties granted by this A A for the current Year commencing as aforesaid, requiring such Parties respectively to prepare and produce, within Twenty one Days next eufuing the Date of such Notice, a List or Lists, or Declaration or Declarations in Writing, in the Forms and in the manner herein after required.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Part- Persons to nership, who shall have employed any Male Person specified ordeferibed, or intended to be specified or described retu. Distmf in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.), or shall have kept any Carriage specified or described, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (D.), or shall have carried Awr'

on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or have fold or repaired any Carriages io the said Schedule mentioned, or kept any Horse, Mare or Gelding, specified or described, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (E, ), or any other Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Mule specified or described, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (F ), or any Dog specified or described, or intended to be specified or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (G ), or who shall have used or exercised the Trade or Business of a Horse Dealer, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (H.), within the Year preceding the Fifth Day of April and the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twelve respectively as aforesaid, shall, (in every case where a due and sufficient Return, whereon the said new or additional Duties hereby granted can be computed, shall not have been made pursuant to the said Acts relating to the said present Duties on the fame Articles respectively) within Twenty one Days next etifuing the Date of such Notice, cause to be prepared true and particular Lifts in Writing, signed by such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society er Partnership, or on his, her or their Behalf, by some Person or Persons duly authorized for that Purpose, of the several Articles, Matters and Things, in respect whereof such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity,

Society or Partnership, shall be liable, and the particular Parish or Parishes where the Assessment or Asseflf-ments of the Current Year is or are intended to be paid; which Lifts shall respectively contain the several Matters and Things required by the several Schedules to this Act annexed, or the Rules relating to the fame, and shall be made in such Form and Manner as shall be required in and by the said Notices respectively; and every such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership of Persons, shall be assessed Additional and charged to the said new and consolidated Duties contained in the several Schedules in this Clause men- Dur-es nflWTed tioned, for the Whole of the Current Year, commencing as aforesaid, at the total Rate specified in the several ^Current Schedules hereinbefore mentioned, subject to such further Charges in default of sufficient Returns, and to such ear*

Power of Appeal as are prescribed and given by any of the Statutes in force in relation to the said Duties granted by the said Acts of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid: Provided, that no Assessment of except on the said additional Duties by this Act granted and contained in the Schedule to this Act, marked (L.), shall Game Certitf-be made for the Current Year, commencing as aforesaid; which said additional Duties last mentioned shall cate*» vvhlch severally commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of April and the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in the respective Parts of Great Britain, before mentioned, 5 1

and not before: Provided also, that where a due and sufficient Return shall have been made before the passing |n certain case* of this Act, according to the said Acts relating to the said present Duties, whereon the said additional additional Duties Duties on the like Articles can be charged and assessed, purfti3nt to the Rules contained in the said several a Ac (Ted without Schedules, without any further Return for the Current Year, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners rL*cr turn* to cause the said new and additional Duties to be computed and charged on the Returns so made pursuant to the said Acts, at the total Rate of the said present and additional Duties for the Current Year, subject to Appeal as by the said Acts is directed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where the Assessments of the said Commissioners

Duties, granted by the said Acts of the Forty eighth and Fiftieth Years aforesaid, shall have been or shall be authorized in completed before the Returns required by this Act can be made of the several Articles on which new or addi- Cale*to

tional Duties are by this Act granted, it shall be lawful for the respective Assessors and Commissioners acting Assetrment of in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, and they are hereby required, in every such case, to make additional separate Assessments for the present Year, of the said new and additional Duties by this Act granted, and to Dut es for cause the same to be collected, under the fame Regulations and Provisions, in all respects, as if the said new Current Ye*r« and additional Duties had been added to the Assessments of the said present Duties, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act before mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Returns m^dc of Partnership, liable to the said new or consolidated Duties, shall, in every Year, commencing after the Deter- o-nfolidated mination of the Current Year as aforesaid, cause to be prepared and delivered to the respective Assessors for Duties in everj that Year, or Persons acting as such for their respective Districts, Parishes or Places, or one of them, true and' fulure egr* particular Lilts as directed by the said feveraLStatutes in force as aforesaid and this Act; which Lifts shall be

prepared in the Form herein prescribed, and as directed by this Act, and shall ren^w the fame in the same manner in every Year so long as such Person, Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Society or Partnership, be liable to the said Duties, or any of them, and shall be thereafter annually chargeable according to such

5* Geo. III.

Lifts.

882

Comtmffoneri under former Act* may act in Execution of Act.

Other Offirers under former Act» may also execute Act.

Dutiet carried to

Cot^clidated

Fund.

Account of new Duties kept for Ten Years.

4* 0.3. 17a

A* literal, Uc.

C. 93. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Lifts, 'which ought to be delivered in each Year, by such way* and mean* at are dfreded by the said sevenl Statutes in force as aforesaid and this Act; and every Assessment so made shall be deemed an Assessment for the Year in which such Lifts ought to be delivered.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons who now are or for the tune being shall be Commissioners for putting m Execution the said Acts respectively, and who shall be respectively qualified ar»d authorized to ad, and who shall have taken the Oaths as directed by the several Acts before mentioned, or any of them respectively as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Port?, Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged, within England, Walts and Bemnick upon Tweed, and in all and every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs in Scotland; and the several Assessora, Collectors, Surveyors and Inspector* respectively appointed, or to be appointed to put in Execution the said several Acts, shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors and Inspectors to put in Execution this Act, within the Limits of their respective Districts or Divisions to which they are or shall be respectively appointed; and they respectively are hereby empowered and required to do all things neceflmry for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are, is, or shall be authorized to put in Execution the said several Acts and the Duties hereby granted, when paid, shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the time being, appointed or to be appointed by' His Majesty, hi* Heirs or Successors.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed, or by the Duties hereby consolidated, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster in one Sum, to the Account of Assessed Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain*

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury bow or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, cauie separate and distiod Accounts of the Produce of the Duties payable by virtue of this Act to be prepared at the Office for Taxes, to be anou-ally laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign oif His present Majesty, intituled An Act for direSing certain Publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account none in use; and the Monies arising from the said new and additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament parted or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made iathis present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers-SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE SERVANT retained or employed by any Person or Persons in the several Capacities to be mentioned.

No. r.

NUMBER OF SERVANTS. A mourn ft i Duty for j ?*ch Scr ant.

£ I. d.

For 1 such Servant -O4O

2 Do. - - - 060

3 Do. ..... O90

4 Do. - O9O

r Do. - O9O

6 Do. --- O9O

7 Do. ... O9O

8 Do. --- 09O

9 Do. O 10 C

10 Do. - 0 to 0

11 Do. and upwards ... 0 12 0

For every such Servant retained or employed by any Male Person, never having been married.

over and above the before mentioned Duties, the further Sum of - 0 6 0

In Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

8 RULES

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

c. 93.

RULES relating to the said Duties.

I. — The said Duties to he paid by the Master or Mistress of such Servants respectively, and to extend to and be payable for every Male Servant retained or employed in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Master of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet deChambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, f^ouse Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Postillion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Master or Miltrefa, Gardener, Park Keep er, Game Keeper, Huntsman, Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really acting in any of the said Capacities shall be called, or whether such Male Servants shall have been retained or employed in One or more of the said Capacities, (except where other Duties are imposed by this Act on Male Persons occasionally employed in One or more of the said Capacities, ) and to every such Servant let to hire with any Carriage or Horses for One Year, or any longer Period, and shall be charged upon the greatest Number of such Servants which the same Person shall have kept at one time in the course of the preceding Year, in any of the Capacities before mentioned.

II. — The said Duties shall extend to all Servants in any of the Capacities before mentioned, employed in Taverns, Coffee Houses, Inns, Ale Houses, or any other Houses licensed to fell Wine, Ale or other Liquors by Retail, and in Eating or Victualling Houses, and in Hotels or Lodging Houses of whatever Description, although not licensed, except Hoftlers and Helpers in the Stables of such licensed Persons, and Drivers employed by them to drive their Carriages with Horses let out to hire, and except Waiter*.

III. — The said Duties on Gardeners shall extend to every Gardener who shall have contracted for the keeping of any Garden or Gardens wherein the constant Labour of a Person shall be necessary, or where a Penon shall have been constantly employed therein, to be paid by the Person or Persons for whose Use, and in whose Garden such Gardener or Person shall have been employed, except as herein after mentioned.

IV. — The said Duties shall extend to all Apprentices retained or employed in any of the Capacities aforesaid, save and except such Apprentices as shall have been imposed upon any Master or Mistress under and by virtue of the Powers given to Magistrates and Parish Officers by any Act or Acts of Parliament, so as the Number of such Apprentices for whom this Exemption shall be claimed by the same Person shall not exceed Two, being generally employed in the Affairs of Husbandry or Trade, and occasionally only in any of the Capacities herein enumerated, and not wearing Livery.

V. — The said Duties on Game Keepers shall extend to every Person retained or employed to kill or preserve Game for the Use of any other Person or Persons, whether lawfully appointed to kill or preserve Game or not, to be paid by the Person or Persons retaining or employing such Persons respectively for the Uses aforesaid, except Game Keepers, being the Servants of other qualified Persons duly returned by and charged to the said Duties as Servants of stich other Persons.

VI. — The said Duties shall extend to every Person who shall be employed in the Capacity of a Coachman, Poftftlion, Groom or Helper in the Stables, although such Person shall have been retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, or any Manufacture or Trade, where the Master or Mistress of such Person shall be chargeable with Duty for any Carriage (other than a Taxed Cart), or for Two or more Horses chargeable with the Duty on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding or drawing Carriages as herein mentioned.

VII. — The saki Duties shall extend to every Person who shall be employed as a Groom, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables of the Master or Mistress, to take care of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, the Property of such Master or Mistress, kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money or other Thing, or in training for any of the said Purpose*.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for MALE SERVANTS and other Persons retained or

employed in the sevenri Capacities herein mentioned.

For every Under Gardener or Person employed to work in any Garden, under any Person £ /.

chargeable to the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.) No. I.; for every Gardener employed in any Garden wherein the constant Labour of a Person shall not be necessary; and for every Gardener who shall have contracted for the keeping of any such Garden wherein the constant Labour of a Person shall not be necessary, the Sum of - - -'040

In Addition to the Duty of 16l. granted by the Acts passed in the 48 th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

To be paid by each Person in whose Garden such Person shall be employed, and charged upon the greatest Number of such Servants which the fame^ Person shall have at oae time employed in the fame Capacity in the course of the preceding Year.

5X2 _ EXEMP-

883

To what Servants extends*.

Servants i* Taverns.

Gardeners.

Apprentices,

Game Keepers.

Coachmen,

Groom*

Under Gardeners.

By whom paid.

A.D. 1812.

S84 C. 93. 52° (ifiORGII III.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties as set forth in Schedule (C.) No. 1. and 2.

Dis Labourer*. Any Person employed by the Day or Week to work as a Day Labourer, at the usual Rate of Wages for

Day Labourers in Agriculture, in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House, being a Farm House, and exempted as such from the Duties mentioned in Schedule (B.) of the Act of 48th Geo. 3. Cap. 55. or in any Garden belonging to a Dwelling House, not chargeable to the Duties mentioned in the said Schedule, such Garden not requiring the condant Labour of one Person therein.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for every MALE PERSON retained or employed in the several Capacities herein mentioned, and not chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (C.) No. 1.

Travelers. For ever}r Male Person employed in the Capacity of, or as a Rider or Traveller, where the £ d.

fame Employer shall keep or employ one such Male Person only, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 8l. granted by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. And where the fame Employer shall keep or employ more than one such Male Person, for each 0 12 0

the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 3l. 1 os. granted by the said Act. 0 0 M4.

Clerks, For every Male Person employed in the Capacity of, or a6 Clerk, Book Keeper or Office Keeper

where the fame Employer shall keep or employ one such Male Person only, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 1 /. 4l. granted by the said Act 5 And where the fame Employer shall keep or employ more than one such Male Person, for 0 16 0

each the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 8l. granted by the said Act. 0X2 0

Stewards, &c. For every Male Person employed in the Capacity of, or as a Steward, Bailiff, Overseer or Manager or Clerk under a Steward, Bailiff, Overseer or Manager, the Sum of

2 0 0

Shopmen. For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman, for the Purpose of ex-poling to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, and every Male Person employed as a Warehouseman,

Porter or Cellartnan in such Shop or Warehouse, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of ll. 4j. granted by the said Act. And for every Male Person so employed, where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be 0 16 0

chargeable, the annual Sum of - - - 2 0 0

Waiters. For every Male Person employed as a Waiter to wait on Guests in any Tavern, Coffee House, Inn, Ale House, Eating or Victualling House, or in any Hotel or Lodging House, except occasional Waiters, the Sum of - In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 51. granted by the said Act. And for every Male Person so employed, where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be

0 15 0

chargeable, the Sum of 300

©ceafional And for every Male Person so employed as an occasional Waiter therein for the Period of Six

Waiters. Calendar Months in any Year, the Sum of - - 2 0 0

And if so employed for a lesser Period than Six Calendar Months in any Year, the Sum of And for every Male Person, not being a Servant, employed as an occasional Waiter in any IOO

private House, not less than Six times within the Year, the Sum of 10 0

SuMckeeper* For every Male Person employed by any Stable Keeper, for or in Expectation of Profit, to

Men. take Care of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money or other Thing, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding in training for any of the said Purposes, except Servants chargeable as Grooms or Helpers in

Stables by Schedule (C.) No. 1. the Sum of - In Addition to the Duty of ll. 4s. granted by the said Act. And for every Male Person (0 employed, where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be 0 16 0

chargeable, the Sum of - ... 2 0 0

Servants in For every Male Person retained for the Purposes of Huffiandry, Manufacture or Trade wherein

Hufbdiidry. the Employer shall seek a Livelihood, and at any time employed in any domestic Employment, in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) No. 1., and where the Employer shall not be chargeable to the Duties in the said Schedule, or to any other of the Duties in this Schedule, in respect of such Male Person, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 6s. granted by the said Act. 1

O> O

And for every Male Person so retained and employed, where the Duty granted by the said Act L

shall not be chargeable, the Sum of -.0 10 0

Servants in For every Male Person retained for the Purposes of Husbandry, Manufacture or Trade, and ai i

Husbandry any time employed in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stable when 7 the

52° GEORGII III.

Schedule (C.) No.3. — continued.

the Matter or Mistress shall be chargeable for One Horse to the Duty contained in Schedule (E.) No. 1. or to the Duty on a Taxed Cart, and not on any other Carriage chargeable*with Duty by this Act, and in respect of such Male Person shall not be chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (C«) No. x. or to any other of the Duties in this Schedule, the Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 6s. granted by the said Act.

And for every Male Person so retained and employed, where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable, the Sum of For every Male Person employed in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) No.!, and not being a Servant to his Employer or Employers, where such Employer or Employers shall be chargeable to any of the Duties contained in Schedule (C.) No. 1. or for any Carriage to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) No. 1. or No. 2. or for more than One Horse to the Duties contained in Schedule (E.) No.i. the Sum of -

And where such Employer or Employers shall not be so chargeable to the said last mentioned Duties, the Sum of

£ /. d.

040

o 10 o

280

IOO

The said Duties to be paid by the Employer or Employers of such Male Persons respectively, and to extend to every Body Politic or Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, and to every Society, Fraternity or Partnership, although not Corporate, employing such Male Persons, and to every Trade, Manufacture or Concern whereby the Employer shall seek a Profit or Advantage,

EXEMPTIONS to Schedule (C.) No. 3.

Any Apprentice bound for the Term of Seven Years, during the Term of his Apprenticeship and Service with his original Matter or his Assignee of the whole unexpired Term, where no Premium or other Consideration or Value shall have been taken or contracted for with such Apprentice.

SCHEDULE (C.)

No. 4.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on SERVANTS let to Hire.

For every Coachman, Groom, Postillion or Helper, kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire for any Period of Time less than One Year, and in such manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire shall not be payable by any Postmaster, Innkeeper or other Person duly licensed to let Pott Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or by any Coachmaker or Maker of such Carriages, of other Person, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 4l. granted by the said Act.

And for every Coachman kept for the Purpose of driving any public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, and for every Person employed as a Guard to such Stage Coach or Carriage, the annual Sum of

The said latt mentioned Duties to be paid by the Employer or Employers of such Persons respectively.

£ / tl»

060

2 10 o

The said Duties to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping such publick Stage Coaches or Carriages, or letting to Hire such Coachmen, Grooms, Postillions or Helpers; provided, that if the Person or Persons hiring any such Coachman, Groom, Poitillion or Helper, shall not make a Return thereof according to the Directions of the said Acts in force as aforesaid, then and in every such case the progressive Duty made payable by the said Act of 48th Geo. 3d, Cap. 55 and this Act, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said Acts marked (C.) No. t. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Servant, on the Person or Persons hiring such Servant, and making such Default as aforesaid, according to the Number of Servants employed by him, her or them, in the manner directed by the said Act.

EXEMPTIONS from the last mentioned Duties as set forth in Schedule (C.) No. 1. and 2.

I. — The said Duties not to be payable by any Person who shall have retained or employed bona fide any Male Servant solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Matter or Mistress ol such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who hath not at any time or Occasion, or in any manner, or for any Purpose, been employed in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) No. 1 and 2, nor in any of the Capacities enumerated in Schedule (C.) No. 3 and 4, whereon any Duty is specifically made payable.

' ..... II. — The

employed as Grooms.

Servant*

By whom paid.

Apprentices exempted.

Coachmen, &c let to Hire.

Stage Coachmen.

By whom paid.

Servants in Hulbatidry.

886

College, &c. Servants.

Royal Family'i Servants. Hospiul Servants.

Officers Servants

Servants to Supply those under Military Training.

Carriage*.

Carriages*

C. 93. 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Schedule (C.) Exemptions — continued.

II. — The said Duties not to be payable by any College or Hall within either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the several Colleges of Westminster, Eaton or Winchester, for any Butler, Manciple, Cook, Gardener or Porter; nor by any of the Royal Family, for any Servant aAing in any of the Capacities aforesaid.

III. — The said Duties not to be payable by any of the Royal Hospitals of Christ, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Bethlem, Saint Thomas, in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or Guy's or the Foundling Hospital.

IV. — The said Duties not to be payable by any Officer herein after described, such Officer retaining or employing as a Servant one Male Person only 5 that is to say, by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, for one Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment, Troop or Squadron to which such Officer shall belong:

Nor by any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, Royal Marines, Royal Garrison Battalions or Corps of Engineers, for one Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong:

Nor by any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Master and Commander, in actual Employ, for one Servant borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong:

Nor by any Officer on Half Pay from His Majesty's Navy, Army or Marines, who shall have been disabled by Loss of a Limb or Wound received in His Majesty's Service, for one Male Servant retained by him.

V. — The said Duties not to be payable for any Persons retained or employed in the above Capacities in the Room of others, who may be called out under any Act which has been passed, or which shall be passed for training and exercising a Military Force within theie Kingdoms, during the time of such training and exercisufg.

SCHEDULE (D.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on all Carriages of any of the Descriptions to be mentioned.

No. 1.

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES. Amount of Duty for each Carriage.

For Carriages with Four Wheels, of the Descriptions mentioned in the said Act passed in the £ '4.d.

48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

For 1 such Carriage the annual Sum of O 15 O

2 Do. --- O 13 O

3 Do. ..... OIOO

4 Do. ..... IOO

5 Do. - I 3 O

6 Do. - - 150

7 Do. ... 160

8 Do. 170

9 Do. and upwards ... 1 7 0

And for every additional Body kept, to be successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further annual Sum of 0 14 0

In Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the A A passed in the 48 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 2.'

For Carriages with less than Four Wheels, of the Descriptions mentioned in the Acts passed in the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty:

For every such Carriage, except such Carriages for or in reipeA of which other Duties are herein imposed, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 5l. 18l. granted by the said Acts of the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And for every such Carriage where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable, the annual Sum of

And for every such Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 8l. 5l. granted by the said Acts.

And for every additional Body kept, to be successively used on the fame Carriage or Wheels, the further annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 16l. granted by the said Act.

£ s. d % 0x20

6 10 o o 1J o

070

RULES

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III. C. 93. 887

RULES for charging the said Duties in the Two foregoing Schedules.

I. — The fiid Duties to be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable or Caravan, with Four Wheels or more; and for every Calash, Chaise Marine,

Chaise, Curricle, Chair or Car, with less than Four Wheels, or any Number thereof respectively; and for every other Carriage with Four Wheels, or with less than Four Wheels, constructed for the like Purposes, by whatever Name or Names the same shall be called or known, kept by any Person or Persons; and upon all such Carriages hired by the Year, or any longer Period; and upon all such Carriages kept to be let out to Hire 5 and upon all such Carriages at any time employed to carry Passengers for Hire, (except such Carriages for which other Duties are herein after made payable); and which Duties shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persons keeping such Carriages, and shall be chargeable upon the Body, or if more than One, upon the Bodies of such Carriages respectively, according to the Number thereof kept, and not in respect of the Wheels thereof, or any other Parts of such Carriages to which the Wheels shall be attached.

Carriage*

Chaise*.

Stag?*.

The said last mentioned Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the fame for the Purposes aforesaid.

Provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers according to the Directions of Provifa the said Acts relating to the said present Duties, the progressive Duty made payable by the said Act of the 48th Geo. III. Cap. 55. and this Act, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said Acts marked (D.)

No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Carriage on the Person or Persons hiring the fame, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in the said Acts concerning the same.

And if such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sums made payable by the said Act of 48th Geo. 3d. and this Act, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said Acts marked (D.) No. 2.. shall be chargeable and paid by the Person or Persons hiring the fame and making such Default, subject to the like Provisions as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 3.

For Carriages hired for any Period of Time less than One Year, or kept to be let to Hire, or to 1 carry Passengers: For every Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, without Horses to be used therewith, by any Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages, where such Carriage shall have four Wheels, the annual Sum of £ / d*

0 15 0

In Addition to the Duty of 11 /. Cj. granted by the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. And where such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the like Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. of this Act. For every Carriage kept for the Purpose of being let to Hire, with Horses to be used therewith, by any Postmaster, Innkeeper or other Person duly licensed to let Post Horses, by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and whereon the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of the Person or Persons so licensed shall be marked or painted, according to the Directions of the Acts in that case made and provided, and in such manner that the Stamp Office Duly shall be payable by Law in respect of the Horses let therewith, and shall be duly accounted for by the Delivery of a Ticket, according to the Directions of the said Acts, where such Carriage shall have Four

Wheels, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 9l. 9*. granted by the said Act of the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. And if such Carriage shall have less than Four Wheels, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. in Addition to the Duties respectively granted thereon, by the said Acts passed in 4&th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, For every Coach, Diligence, Caravan or Chaise, with Four Wheels or more, or other Carriage with Four Wheels or more, by whatever Name the same shall be called or known, which shall be kept and employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, and which shall be duly entered as such with the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the like annual Sum of i r 0

1 1 0

In Addition to the Duty of 91. 9*. granted by the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

SCHEDULE

r

888

C. 93* 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 4.

For Taxed Carts.

Exception.

For every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, to be drawn by One Horse, Mare or Gelding, and not otherwise, which shall be built and constru6ted wholly of Wood and Iron, without any Covering other than a tilted Covering, and without any Lining, and with a fixed Scat without Slings or Braces, and without any Ornament whatever, other than Paint of a dark Colour for the Preservation of the Wood or Iron only, and which shall have the Words of A Taxed Cart, " and the Owner's Christian and Surname, and Place of Abode, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker thereof, and the full Value thereof, or the actual Price or Consideration paid or given for the fame, marked or painted on a black Ground in white Letters, or on a white Ground in black Letters, on the Outside of the back Pannel or back Part of such Carriage in Words at full Length, and in Roman Characters, each of the Letters thereof being at lead One Inch in Length, and of a Breadth in Proportion, and which shall be kept by any Person or Persons for his, her or their own Ule, and not for Hire, there shall be charged the respective Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say. For every Carriage called a Taxed Cart, built and constructed according to the Regulations before mentioned, and which shall be conllru&ed without any Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, and the Price of which (Repairs excepted) shall not have exceded, or the Value thereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of 15l. Sterling, and which shall not at any time be used with a covered or (luffed Seat or Culhion fixed or not fixed thereto, or with a covered Footboard or Apron fixed or not fixed thereto, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 1l. 6s. 6d. granted thereon by the Act passed in the 50th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And for every Carriage called a Tax Cart, built and constructed according to the said Regulations, with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, except of Iron, Stel or other metallic Subffance, or any Composition of Iron or Steel, or other metallic Subffance, either wholly or in Part, the original Price of which Carriage shall not have exceeded, or the Value whereof shall not at any time exceed the Sum of Twenty one Pounds Sterling, or which shall be used with a covered or (luffed Seat or Cushion fixed or not fixed thereto, or with a covered Footboard or Apron thereto fixed or not fixed, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 10l. granted thereon by the Act passed in the 50th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And for every Carriage with less than Four Wheels, conflru6led with a Spring or Springs of Iron, Steel or other metallic Subffance, or any Composition of Iron, Steel or other metallic Subffance, the respective Sums mentioned in Schedule (D.) No. 2. in Addition to the respective Duties granted by the said Acts passed in the 48th and 50th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Carriages with leis than Four Wheels.

All which Duties in respect of Carriages herein mentioned shall be charged upon and paid by the Person or Persons keeping the fame respectively.

£ s. d.

026

050

Save and except always all Carriages built and constructed as aforesaid, belonging to any Person or Persons who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before mentioned Duties in respect of a Four-wheeled Carriage, or who are or shall be liable to be assessed to the before mentioned Duties on Male Servants, contained in Schedule (C.) No. 1. in respetl of Two such Male Servants, which Persons respectively shall be charged for such Carriages, although built and constru6ted as aforesaid, at the Rate prescribed in the respective Schedules marked (D.) No. 2. of the said Act of 48th Geo. 3. c. 55. and this Act, for Carriages with less than Four Wheels.

Royal Family.

H*ckney

Coaches.

Coach Mikert. Carnages for Sale.

Cam.

EXEMPTIONS from the several DUTIES in Schedule (D.)

No. 1, 2, 3 and 4.

Case I. — Any Carriages belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Coach or Coaches, liceufed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, to be used as Hackney Coaches there, and numbered according to Law.

Case III. — Any Carriage kept by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, at any time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, bona fide for the Purpose of Sale or of being lent to any Person whose Carriage being of the fame Denomination or Description shall be then making, mending or repairing by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and during the Time the same shall be necessarily under Repair; provided such Carriage shall not at any time, whilst in the Possession of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, be employed for his or her own Use, or let to hire, or otherwise lent than as aforesaid.

Case LV. — Any Common Stage Cart which shall be kept truly and without Fraud to be used wholly in the Affairs of Husbandry, or in the Carriage of Goods in the Course of Trade, and whereon the Name and

Place

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 93. 889

Schedule (D.) Exemptions — continued.

Place of Residence of the Owner, and the Words u Common Stage Cart" shall be legibly painted, although the Owner, or his or her Servant, shall or may, for the Purpose of driving or conducing the fame onl), occasionally ride therein or thereon when laden or when returning from any Place to which, or when going to any Place from which any Load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such Cart in the Course of Husbandry or Trade; or which shall be used for conveying the Owners thereof or their Families to or from any Place of Divine Worship on Sunday, or on Christmas Day, or on Good Friday, cr on any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving 5 or for carrying Persons going to or returning from the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; in case such Carriage shall not have been or be used for any other Purpose of Riding thereon or therein, save as aforesaid, or shall not have been or be let to hire for any of such Purposes of riding therein or thereon.

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 5.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Coachmakers and Makers of other Carriages, chargeable with Duty by this Act, and on Carriages made, fold or repaired as herein mentioned.

By every Person who shall carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty by this Act, and by every Dealer therein, the annual Duty of

In Addition to the Duty of 6s. granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty;

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable thereon, the annual Sum of

By every such Coachmaker or Maker of such other Carriages as aforesaid, and by every Dealer therein, for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or she shall make, build, con-ilruft for Sale or fell, the Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 1 /. 2s. 6d. granted thereon by the said Act;

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable thereon, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels which he or she shall make, build, conflruft for Sale or fell, the Sum of

In addition to the Duty of 11l. 3d. granted thereon by the said Act;

And where the Duty granted thereon shall not be chargeable by the said Act, the Sum of By every Maker or Makers of, or Dealer in any Carriage built, constructed and used according to the Regulations prescribed by this Act for Taxed Carts, and of the Values limited by the Schedule of this Act, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 2x. 6d. granted thereon by the said Act 5 And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable thereon, the annual Sum of

By every such Maker or Makers of Carriages as last aforesaid, for every such Carriage which he, or she, or they shall make, build or conflruft for Sale, or fell, the Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 2s. 6d. granted thereon by the said Act 5 And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable thereon, the Sum of -

£ s. d.

040

0 10 o

026

1 5 o

o 1 3

o 12 6

006

030

006

030

SCHEDULE (D.)

No. 6.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by Persons felling any CARRIAGES chargeable with Duty by this Act, by Auction or on Commission, to be charged in Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, by way of Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward, the Duty of For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels, except Taxed Carts, the Sum of And for every such Taxed Cart, the Sum of -

£ /. d, 040 026 o I 3 030

52 Geo III.

5 Y

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1812.

890 C. 93. 52 GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for all HORSES, MARES and GELDINGS, kept by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty by Schedule (D.) in Addition to the Duties granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

NUMBER THEREOF. Amount of Duty for each Horse, Mare or Gekling.

£ /. (L

For 1 such Horse, Mare or Gelding O 4 0

For 2 such Horses, 1 Mares or Gelaiogs O S 0

3 Do. O 6 0

4 Do. O 8 0

5 Do. O 8.6

6 Do. O 8 6

7 Do. _ O96

8 Do. .O96

9 Do. - O9$

10 Do. . O96

11 Do. O96

12 Do. .O96

*3 Do. .O96

H Do. .O9$

15 Do. - - O96

16 Do. _ O96

*7 Do. .O96

1 18 Do. - O96

*9 Do. O 10 0

20 Do. and upwards - O 11 0

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties to be payable for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage for which any Duty is payable by this A 6k, or hired by the Year, or any longer Period, according to the greatest Number of such Horses, Mares or Geldings which the same Person shall have kept at one time in the Course of the preceding Year, and to be paid by the Person or Persons keeping the fame, except as after mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Duties in Schedule (E.) No. 1.

Husbandry Horses, &c.

Farmsunder 70L a Year at Rack Rent.

Horse for Taxed Cart.

I. — Any Person or Persons who shall keep any Horse, Mare or Gelding, which shall be used truly and without Fraud for the Purpose of Husbandry, or of drawing any Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to any Duty by this Actfc), or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Traae of Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall belong, for one such Horse, Mare or Gelding used for riding, on the Occasions and in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have by such Horse, Mare or Gelding been drawn or earned, or in goingto any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Assistance, or for the Purpose of riding to or from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Courts of Justice, or to or from any Meeting of the Commissioners of Taxes 5 provided such One Horse, Mare or Gelding shall not on any Occasion be used for any other Purpose save as aforesaid.

II. — Any Person occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than 70l. a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby 5 or any Person occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of 70l. a Year (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Kent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent), and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly, for One Horse, Mare or Gelding, bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purpose of Husbandry on his said Estate or Farm, although used occasionally for the Purpose of riding.

III. — Any Person occupying a Farm as Tenant at Rack Rent, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any Person carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an Annual Income of iool. or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, for one Horse, Mare or Gelding

10 used

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III. C. 93.

Schedule (E.) Exemptions — continued,

used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carnage with less than Four Wheels, liable to the TDuty hereby made payable on Taxed Carts.

Provided always, that in every such case the said Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be duly returned, and the Prtviso. Exemption hereby granted shall be duly claimed in the manner and at the time directed by this Act.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES let to Hire.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage £ /. d, liable to Duty by this Act, and let to Hire in any manner so that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire shall not be payable, the annual Sum of - 040

In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 13l. 6d. granted t>y the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

To be charged on the Person or Persons letting the fame 5 provided, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers, according to this Act, the progressive Duty made payable by the said Act of the 48th Geo. 3. Cap. 55. and this Act, as set forth in the respective Schedules of the said Acts, marked (E.) No. 1. shall be chargeable in respect of every such Horse, Mare or Gelding, on the Person or Persons hiring the fame, and making such Default as aforesaid, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act concerning the same.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 3.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on RACE HORSES.

For evenr Horse, Mare or Gelding, bona fide kept for the Purpose of racing or running for £ /. d, any Plate, Prize or Sum of Money or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of - -040

In Addition to the Duty of 2l. 13l. 6d. granted by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

The said Duty to be charged on the Person or Persons having the Custody, Care or Management of such Horses, Mares or Geldings.

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 1.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all other HORSES, MARES or GELDINGS, not charged with any Duty according to the former Schedules of this Act, and on Mules (except such other Hones, Mares, Geldings and Mules for which other Duties are herein after made payable).

For every such other Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Height of 13 Hands or more, of Four Inches to each Hand, and for every Mule, the annual Sum of

In addition to the Duty granted thereon by the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

For every such other Horse, Mare or Gelding, being under the Height of 13 Hands, of Four Inches to each Hand, the annual Sum of

£ /. d. 070

030

5 Ya

SCHEDULE

892 C. 93

52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

SCHEDULE (F.)

No. 2.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on HORSES, MARES or GELDINGS, kept for the Purpose*

of Husbandry.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding, being of the Height of 13 Hands or more, of Four Inches to each Hand, bona fide kept and solely used for the Purposes of Husbandry (except as herein after mentioned), the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of iaj. granted thereon by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than 20l. a Year, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent solely, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of 20l. a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent) and making a Livelihood solely by such his own Estate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly; or principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment; and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, bona fide for the Purpose of such Occupation, shall be charged for each of such Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of

In Addition to the Duty of 2l. xod. granted by the said Act.

Any Person occupying a Farm at Rack Rent, the Rent of which shall be less than 10l. Sterling a Year, and making a Livelihood principally thereby, or occupying any Estate on any other Tenure than as Tenant at Rack Rent, or such other Estate, together with a Farm at Rack Rent, the Value of which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of 10l. Sterling a Year, (reckoning the Value of every Estate occupied by the Owner thereof, or on any Tenure other than as Tenant at Rack Rent, as equivalent to Double the Amount of the like Farm at Rack Rent) and making a Livelihood principally thereby, and likewise a Profit by any Trade or Employment; and keeping not more than Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, bona fide for the Purposes of such Occupation and of such Trade or Employment jointly, or either of them separately, shall be charged, for each of such Two Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 2s. lod. granted by the said Act.

£ 1. d,

036

002

002

RULES for charging the Duties as set forth in Schedule (F.) No. 1 and 2.

The said Duties to be charged on the Person or Persons keeping or using such Horses, Mares, Geld-ings or Mules, and to be payable for every Horse, Mare or Gelding and Mule, which shall not be chargeable, nor have been charged with any Duty payable in that Year according to the Schedule of the said Act of 48th Geo. 3. Cap. 55. or the preceding Schedule of this Act respectively marked (E.) No. 1. except as herein after is mentioned.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (F.) No. 1 and 2.

Any Person whatever for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, w'hich shall not at any time whatever have been used for any Purpose of Labour or otherwise.

Royal

Pcftnullers, &c.

Coac'i

EXEMPTIONS to the several Duties as set forth in the several Schedules marked (E.) and (F.)

Case l. — Any Horse, Mare or Gelding, belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Postmaster, Innkeeper or other Person licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties charged on stampedVellum, Parchment and Paper in respect of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, let to hire by him or her; provided that such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall in every case be bona fide let to Hire by him or her in such manner, that the Stamp Office Duty shall be payable on such Horses let to Hire on each letting; and shall be accounted for by Delivery of the Ticket denoting the Stamp Office Duty payable, and be duly satisfied and paid on each letting according to the Directions of the Act or Acts granting such Stamp Duty, without making Composition for the fame; and provided that such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall not, on any Occasion, be used by such licensed Person, or any other, without such letting to Hire, and Payment of Stamp Duty as aforesaid.

Case III, — Any Person or Persons duly licensed to keep any Carriage whatever, to be employed as a Public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire from different Places in Great Britain, in respect of any Horses, Mares or Geldings, which are or shall be actually and solely used and employed by such Person or Persons yi drawing such Stage Conch or Carriage from Place to Place.

Case

A.D. 1814. 52° GEORGII III. C. 93.

Schedules (E, ) and (F.) Exemptions — continued.

Case IV. — Any Person licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, to keep any Hackney Coach or Coaches, for any Horses, Mares or Geldings, kept for the Purpose of drawing such Coach in respect of the Duties in the said respective Schedules marked (E.) No. i. and for Two Horses, Mares or Geldings, and no more, kept for the Purpose of drawing, each Coach so licensed in relped to the Duties in the said respective Schedules marked (F.) No. i.

Case V. — Any Dealer in Horses assessed to the Duties maae payable by this Act on such Dealers, for any Horse, Marc or Gelding, belonging to such Dealer, and kept bona fide for Sale, and not used for any other Purpose or in any other manner.

Case VI. — Any Person who on account of Poverty shall be discharged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House, in pursuance of the Regulations of any of the Acts herein mentioned, for One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule; provided such Person shall not keep more than One such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and the same shall not be let to Hire.

Case VII. — Any Rector, Vicar or Curate, actually doing Duty in the Church or Chapel of which he is Rector, Vicar or Curate, who shall not be possessed of ati Income of Sixty Pounds per Annum or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, and who shall not keep more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, for the Purpose of riding, which otherwise would be chargeable with Duty, according to the Provisions of this Act, except such Person who shall occasionally perform the Duty appertaining to any Rector, Vicar or Curate, without being the regular officiating Minister of the Parish or Place in which such Duty shall be performed.

Case VIII. — Any effectice Officer commanding a Volunteer Corps, claiming and returning his Exemption for not more than Two Horses, Marcs or Geldings kept for His Majesty's Service in such Corps.

Case IX. — Any Field Officer, not being Commandant, and any Adjutant of any Volunteer Corps, and any Person serving in any Coips of Yeomanry Volunteer Cavalry, or providing a Horse, Mare or Gelding for any other Person serving in any such Corps, who shall be returned in the manner required by Law as effectice, and as having used any Horse, Mare or Gelding, for such Service on the several Days of Muller and Exercise of such Corps; provided in every such last mentioned case the Exemption shall be claimed and returned in the manner required by the said last mentioned Act; and a Certificate shall be delivered of such effectice Service in the manner required by the Eleventh Section of an Act passed in the 44th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of t( Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto."

Case X. — Any Non Commissioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery, for any Horse used in His Majesty's Service.

SCHEDULE (G.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on DOGS.

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the fame be his or her Property or the Property of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 11s. 6d. granted by the said Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, of whatever Description or Denomination the fame may be, except Greyhounds, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the like Duty granted by the said Act.

For every other Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or Terrier, kept by any Person having One such other Dog, and no more, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 71. granted by the said Act.

For every Pack of Hounds where the Duty is compounded for, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 34l. granted by the said Act.

£ s. <i.

086

026

010

200

The said Duties to be paid by the Persons respectively keeping such Dogs, or having the fame in his, her or their Custody or Possession, whether the fame be the Property of him or them, or of any other Person or Persons, and not discovering the Owner or Owners thereof who shall have been duly assessed for the same.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (G.)

Case I. — Any Dog belonging to His Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Person who, on account of Poverty, shall be discharged from the Assessment made in respect of his or her Dwelling House, in pursuance of the Regulations of the said Acts relating to the said present Duties, and having One Dog, and no more, the fame not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or Terrier.

j* Cafe

893

Hackney

Coachmen.

Horse Dealers.

Poor Persons.

Rector, &c.

Volunteer

Officers.

Officers and Privates of Volunteer Cavalry.

44 G.3, c. 54. §11.

Soldiers.

Royal Family. Poor Person.

894

Whelps.

Packs of Hounds compounded for.

C. 93. 54' GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Schedule ( G.) Exemptions — continued

Case III. — Anv Person in respect of a Dog or Whelp, which at the time of returning the Lift of Dogs as by the said Acts relating to the said present Duties shall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Case IV. — Any person, in respect of the whole Number of Hounds by him or her kept in Great Britain, who shall compound for the fame, in any Year within Thirty Days after the 5th Day of April in such Year, in pursuance of Notice given to the Collector or Colie&ors of the said Duty for any rarish or Place, where such Person shall be liable to be assessed, of his or her Intention so to do, and on Payment of the full Sum of Thirty six Pounds Sterling to such Collector or Collectors, for which a Receipt shall be given within the Period before mentioned.

And where Two or more Persons join in keeping or using such Hounds* then, in Default of their compounding for the same as aforesaid, any or all of the said Persons shall be chargeable for every such Hound kept by them, or any of them.

SCHEDULE (H.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable by HORSE DEALERS.

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse Dealer within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties of the fame respectively, the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, the annual Duty of In Addition to the Duty of 22l. 10l. granted by the Act passed in the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Every Person who shall use or exercise the Trade and Business of a Horse Dealer in any other Part of Great Britain, the annual Duty of -

In Addition to the Duty of ill. 5l. granted by the said Act.

£ /. d. 2 10 o

1 5 o

SCHEDULE (L.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable in respect of killing GAME.

Upon every Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for the Purpose of taking or killing any Game whatever, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Conies, or shall take or kill, by any means whatever, or shall aftift in any manner in the taking or killing, by any means whatever, any Game, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Coney, by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment, duly registered or entered as Game Keeper, for any Manor or Royalty in England, Wales or BerwicJc upon Tweed, or for any Lands in Scotland:

If such Person shall be a Servant to any Person duly charged in respect of such Servant to the Duties granted on Servants in Schedule (C.) No. 1. there shall be charged in respect of every such Person acting by virtue of such Deputation or Appointment, the annual Sum of In Addition to the Duty of 1 /. is. granted in respect of such Person by the Act passed in, the 48th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable in respect of such Person, the annual Sum of -

And if such Person as last aforesaid shall not be a Servant for whom the said Duties on Servants shall be charged, there shall be charged in respect of every such Person acting by virtue of such Deputation or Appointment, the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the Duty of 3l. 3l. granted by the said Act.

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable in respect of such Person, the annual Sum of

Upon every other Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purposes before mentioned, or shall take or kill, by any means whatever, or assist in any manner in the taking or killing, by any means whatever, any Game, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail or Landrail, or any Coney, there shall be charged the annual Sum of -

In Addition to the like Duty of 3l. 3l. granted by the said Act.

And where the Duty granted by the said Act shall not be chargeable upon such Person, the annual Sum of

£ s. d.

040

1 5 o

o 10 6

3 >3 6

o 10 6

313 6

EXCEPTIONS to the above Duties.

I. - — The taking of Woodcocks and Snipes with Nets or Springes.

II. — The taking or destroying of Conies by the Proprietors of Warrens, or on any enclosed Ground what-

ever, or by the Tenants of Lands, either by himself, herself or themselves, or by his, her or their Direction or Command. RULES

895

A.D. 18f2. 52° GEORGII III. C. 93.

RULES for charging the said last mentioned Duties.

I. — Every Person who intends to use or shall use at any time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.), shall before he shall so use the fame, in any Year, and every Person who intends to take or kill, or to assist in the taking or killing any Game, Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, Landrail or Coney, shall before he shall so take or kill, or assist in the taking or killing the fame, pay or cause to be paid in each Year, unto the Collectors of the Duties mentioned or referred to in the other Schedules of this Act, for the Parish, Ward or Place where he shall reside, if in England, or to the Collector of the like Duties, or his Deputy or Sub Collector for the Shire, County, Borough or Place where he shall reside, if in Scotland, or one of .them, respectively, as aforesaid, for the time being, the Duty hereby made payable, and shall obtain a Certificate thereof in the manner herein directed, which Certificate shall continue in force until and upon the Fifth Day of April next after the time of issuing the fame, and no longer.

II. — Every Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector, on Application to him made by any Person redding within the Limits of his Collection, and on Payment to such Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector, of the Duty hereby made payable, shall give a Receipt for the fame, which Receipt shall be signed by such Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector, and made out conformable to such of the Forms for Certificates in the Schedules to this Act annexed, as the case may require $ and every such Receipt shall be a Charge on the Parish or Place for which such Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector, shall be appointed for the Sum therein expressed, in like manner and to the like Effect as if the said Sum had been previously a fie (Ted and levied by such Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector, under the Warrant of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, for which Receipt the said Collector, or his Deputy or Sub Collector, shall be entitled to demand and receive from such Person the Sum of One Shilling over and above the said Duty, and no more, which Sum shall be deemed the Compensation to such Collector and his Deputy or Sub Collector, for his Pains and Care in executing this Act; and the Duty so received shall be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy, at his or their next Receipt of Duties, in full and without Deduction; provided that the Receipts given for the Duties contained in this Schedule shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

III. — Every such Receipt, being delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners acting for the District where the Person aforesaid shall reside, shall be exchanged for a Certificate made out in one o? the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (N.) corresponding wth such Receipt, which Certificate the said Clerk is hereby required, on Demand, to make out and deliver gratis to such Person in Exchange for the said Receipt.

IV. — The said Receipts, so exchanged, shall severally be entered by the said Clerks respectively, in Books to be kept for that Purpose, in the manner to be directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the said Books, together with the said Receipts, being exhibited to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the District, and examined by them, shall be a sufficient Authority to them, from time to time, to cause an Assessment to be made on the several Persons mentioned in such Receipts in the respective Sums paid by them, which Assessments shall be of the like Force and Effect in all respects, and shall be as binding on the several Collectors and others acting in the Execution of this Act, and on the several Parishes and Places for which such Collectors shall have been respectively appointed, as any Assessment to be made by the said Commissioners respectively, under the Regulations of the said Acts under which they ad as Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall return Duplicates thereof to the Receiver General, and to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, in the manner directed by the said Acts.

V. — The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause a sufficient Number of Receipts to be distributed amongst the several Clerks, and by them to the several Collectors in their respective Districts; and the said Clerks respectively shall be accountable to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the fame; and the several Collectors shall be accountable to the respective Clerks, for the Receipts delivered to them respectively; and the said Commissioners for the Affairs ot Taxes shall also cause a sufficient Number of Forms to be used for Certificates, according to the Forms specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (N.), to be distributed to the respective Clerks in like manner, for which Certificates the said Clerks shall be respectively accountable to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

VI. — In any District wherein no Clerk shall be appointed to ad in the Execution of the said Acts, the Surveyor of the fame District shall execute the Duty of such Clerk in all Matters and Things herein required to be done by such Clerk, and in every such case the Certificates herein required shall and may be issued by such Surveyor according to the Directions of this Act; and in every Place for which one Collector only shall be appointed, who shall be chargeable to the Duty contained in this Schedule, an Acknowledgment in Writing under the Hand of such Collector, that he is chargeable with the said Duty, and delivered to such Clerk or Surveyor respectively as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority for such Clerk or Surveyor to issue a Certificate to such Collector, and to make an Assessment of the said Duty upon such Collector as in other cases under this Act.

VII. — Every Master or Mistress charged, or liable to be charged to the Duties on Servants mentioned in the said Schedule marked (C.) No. i. annexed to this Act, in respect of any Game Keeper, whether such Person shall have been deputed or appointed by such Master or Mistress, or by any other Person or Persons; and every Person granting a Deputation or Appointment to the Servant of any other Person, who shall be duly charged to the said Duty on Servants in respect of such Servant, whether as Game Keeper, or in any other Capacity* with Power and Authority to take or kill any Game by any of the Ways described in this Schedule,

Duty for using Dogs, fcc. paid to CoUe&ors of Assessed Taxes annually.

Collectors to give Receipts.

Fee.

Receipts exchanged for Certificates by Clerk to Commissioners.

Commissioners to aflels Parties accordingly.

Commissioners to provide Forms of Receipts and Certificates.

Where no Clerk Surveyor to ad.

How Collector charged with Duty if liable.

Gamekeepers*

Certificates.

896 C. 93.

5 2° GEORGII III.

Schedule (L.) Rules — continued.

A.D. 1812.

Commissioner* to advertise Lift*.

shall be at Liberty to obtain a Receipt and Certificate on Behalf of such Servant, on Payment of the Duty for the fame in the manner before directed; and such Receipt and Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority to assess the Mailer or Mistress, or Person granting such Deputation or Appointment, and obtaining such Receipt and Certificate as aforesaid, and the Certificate to be issued thereupon shall be deemed and construed to exempt the Servant or Servants named therein, during his or their Continuance in the fame Capacity and Service; and also to exempt any Servant or Servants of the fame Master or Mistress who shall succeed to the Deputation or Appointment of the fame Manor or Royalty, or Lands, within the Year for which the Duty shall be so assessed, for and during the Remainder of such Year; and no such Servant in whose Behalf a Receipt and Certificate hath been duly obtained as aforesaid, shall be required to obtain a Certificate for himself, nor be liable to the Duty hereby granted, nor to any Penalty by reason of not obtaining a Certificate in his own Name, or for not paying the said Duty; provided always, that every Certificate granted under this Act to any Person acting under any Deputation or Appointment shall, upon the Revocation of such Deputation or Appointment, be from tnenceforth void and of no further Effect, as to the Person therein deputed or appointed; provided, that if any Lord or Lady of any Manor in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or Proprietor of Lands in Scotland, shall, on the Revocation of any Deputation or Appointment, by virtue of which a Certificate hath been granted for any Year, make a new Deputation or Appointment within the same Year, to any Person in his or her Service, or'in the Service of the lame Master or Mistress, who shall have been charged, as well to the Duties on Servants as to the Game Duties granted by this A d, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the Commissioners of the District, and every such Clerk is hereby required in such case to renew the Certificate for the Remainder of that Year, in Behalf of the Person so newly appointed, without any Duty or Fee, by indorsing on such Certificate the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such last mentioned Deputation or Appointment had been granted, and declaring the same to be* a renewed Certificate, free of Duty or Fee.

VIII. — The Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall once or oftener, in every Year, as soon as conveniently may be after such Certificates shall have been issued, cause the Names and Residences of the several Persons to or for whom such Certificates have been granted for that Year, in each County in Great Britain, distinguishing the Persons acting under any Deputations or Appointments from others; and the Manors, Royalties or Lands, for which Deputations or Appointments have been granted, and also distinguishing the Rate of Duty assessed, to be inserted in some Newspaper circulated in each respective County, or in such other Newspaper, and in such manner as to them shall seem proper.

Unqualified Per- IX. — Neither the Assessment of the Duty hereby imposed, nor the Payment thereof, nor the Certificate

fons not protect- delivered, nor any thing herein contained or done in pursuance of this Act, shall authorize or enable any Pered by Certificate, son to act in the manner described in this Schedule, at any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any c* Statute in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act; nor unless such Person shall be duly qua-

lified so to do, under and by virtue of the said Statutes; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, Actions and-Suits, for Offences against such Statutes, shall and may be prosecuted and maintained for such Offences, as if this Act had not been made.

Gamekeeper* X. — No Assessment or Certificate under the said Acts and this Act, or Payment of the Duty thereby im-

Certificates con- posed, by or for any Person acting under a Deputation or Appointment, shall be received in Evidence, or be fined to Manor. available in Law or Equity, in any Suit or Prosecution, under this Act, where Proof shall be given of doing or having done any Act for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, out of the Precincts or Limits of the Manor, Royalty or Lands for which such Deputation or Appointment was made or granted.

XI. — If any Person shall be discovered doing any Ad whatever, in respect whereof such Person shall be chargeable as aforesaid, by any Assessor or Cojledorof the Parish where any such Person shall then be, or by any Commissioner for the Execution of this Act, acting for the County, Riding, Division or Place, in which such Person shall then be, or by any Lord or Lady, or Game Keeper, of the Manor, Royalty or Lands, wherein such Person shall then be, or by any Inspector or Surveyor of Taxes, acting in the Execution of the said Acts or this Act, for the District in which such Person shall then be, or by any rerson duly assessed to the Duties granted in this Schedule, or consolidated therewith, or by the Owner, Landlord, Lessee or Occupier of the Land in which such Person shall then be, it shall be lawful for such Assessor, Collector, Commissioner or Game Keeper, Inspector or Surveyor or other Person as aforesaid, or such Owner, Landlord, Lessee or Occupier of Land as aforesaid, to demand and require from the Person so acting, the Production of a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, which Certificate every such Person is hereby required to produce to the Person so demanding the fame, and to permit him to read the fame, and (if he shall think fit) to take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof; or in case no such Certificate shall be produced to the Person demanding the same as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Person having made such Demand to require the Person so acting forthwith to declare to him his Christian and Surname, and Place of Residence, and the Parish or Place (if anyj in which he shall have been assessed to the Duties by this Act granted or consolidated therewith; and if any such Person shall, after such Demand made, wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or in Default thereof as aforesaid, to give in to the Person so demanding the fame his Christian and Surname, and Place of Residence, and the Parish or Place (if any) in which he shall have been assessed, or shall produce any false or fiditious Certificate, or give any false or fiditious Name, Place of Re-Pt*tUy, fidence, or Place of Assessment, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be

sued for, recovered and applied in the manner herein after directed.

XII. — If

Certificate* pro. riuced by Persons on Demand cf Assessor, &c.

A.rxtgiz.

51° GEORGII III. C. 93.

Schedule ( L.) Rules — continued.

XII. — If any Person or Persons shall, after the Fifth Day of April One ttioufaml eight hundred and thirteen, in England or Wales, or after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in Scotland, do any Act for any of the Purposes mentioned in this Schedule, without haring obtained such Certificate as is directed by this Act, in order to an Assessment for the Year wherein such Person or Persons shall so ad, every such Person fiiMl forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be sued fdr, recovered and applied in the manner herein after directed; and every such Offender shall also be liable to the Payment to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to the full Duty of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six pence Sterling, over and above the said Penalty to be charged in the Assessment of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed, by way of increased Charge by the Inspector or Surveyor of the said Parish or Place 5 which increased Charge may be made at any time within Six Calendar Months after the Duty shall have accrued, and the said Charge shall be allowed by Two Commissioners according to the Directions of the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, subject to Appeal whenever such Commissioners shall appoint the Time and Place for hearing and determining the said Appeal.

XIII. — It shall be lawful for any Two Commissioners for executing this Act, or for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, or the Shire or Stewartry, or for any City, Borough, Liberty or Place wherein any Offence or Offences mentioned or described in this Schedule shall be committed, such Justice being also a Commissioner for executing this Act; and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made of any such Offence or Offences committed within the District "where he or they shall act as such Commissioner or Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence shall be committed, to summon the Person or Persons accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, to appear before him or them 5 and upon the Appearance of the Person or Persons accused, or in default of his or their Appearance according to such Summons, to proceed to hear and determine the Matter in a summary way 5 and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Person or Persons accused, or by the, Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for the Penalty or Penalties, or for such Part thereof, to which Part thereof the said Commissioners or Justice shall think proper to mitigate the fame (the fame not being in any case mitigated to less than One Moiety of the said Penalty or Penalties); and in default of Payment of the fame at the time of Conviction, to award and issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying the Penalty or Penalties so adjudged, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending the fame, as herein after directed, of the Cattle, Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made of the said Cattle, Goods and Chattels so distrained, in case they shall not be redeemed within Four Days; and the Money arising from'such Sale shall in the first Place be liable for Payment of the said Penalty or Penalties adjudged to be paid, and in the next Place for Payment of the Costs attending the Information, Conviction and Warrant, tfr Informations, Conridions and Warrants, to be settled by the said Commissioners or Justice, Jand indorsed on such Warrant or Warrants; and also the reasonable Costs attending the Distress and keeping the Goods and Chattels distrained, and maintaining the Cattle, if any, during the Four Days allowed to redeem the fame, and also the Expence of the Sale thereof, and of returning the said Warrant or Warrants to the Commissioners or Justice, and entering the fame, with an Indorsement thereon of what has been done therein; and where sufficient Cattle, Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid; and if such Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Commissioners or Justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of double the said Penalty or Penalties, appeal to the Justices of the Peace sit the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding or Division, or to the Justice Clerk, or other Officer of the Court of Judiciary of the Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty or Place in Scotland; which Courts respectively are hereby empowered to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgment of such Commissioners, or Justice or Justices, shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Quarter Sessions, or Court of Judiciary, to award the Person or Persons to pay Costs occasioned by such Information, Conviction and Appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet.

XIV. — If any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Commissioners or Justice receiving such Information, or before the Courts of Quarter Sessions or Judiciary, upon Appeal touching any of the Matters contained in such Information, either on the Part of the Prosecution or the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by the Commissioners, or Justice or Justices, or Court before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, then and in every such case every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds,*o be recovered, levied 'and paid in such manner, and by such means, as other Penalties mentioned in this Schedule may be recovered, levied and paid.

XV. — The Commissioners or Justice before whom any Offender shall be convicted shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect (mutatis mutandis); that is to say,

IIE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

at in the of A.B. of

H was duly convicted by me [or, us^ of \here Jlate the OffenceJ and adjudged to pay the Sum of

for his said Offence.

'$2 Geo. III. 5 Z*Given

897

Ailing without Certificate.

[Penalty.]

Appeal.

Offences before whom determined, &c.

Witnesses net attending.

penalty.

Form of

Conviction.

A.D. 1812.

898 C. 93. 52° GEORGII III.

Schedule (L.) Rules — continued.

Given under the Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal of being Commissioners acting in

the Execution of the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes for the District of or,

being a Justice of the Peace for, and a Commissioner acting in the Execution of the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes for the District of .'

Conviaionto And every such Conviction shall be entered and registered upon the Books of Assessment of the Commissioners be entered. cf tke where the Offence was committed; and after such Entry and Registry shall be transmitted to

the Court of Appeal, as herein directed, to be filed there of Record; and the said Conviction or Entry of the fame in the said Books of Assessment, or any examined Copy thereof, shall be received in Evidence before the respective Commissioners for executing this Act, in all Matters relating to the Duties contained in this Schedule; and no Conviction of such Commissioners or Justice shall be removeable by any Process whatever into any other Court of Law or Equity, or be subject to Revision in any manner, other than as aforesaid. Application of XVI. — All Penalties and Shares of Penalties imposed by and recovered or paid under the Authority of Penalties. the Rules contained in this Schedule, shall be added to the First or Supplementary Assessment of the Parish

or Place where the Offence shall be committed (as the case shall require) and shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors of the Duties contained in this Schedule, for such Parish or Place, to be by him or them accounted for in the same manner, and paid to the Receiver General at the fame times as the Duties contained in this Act are to be accounted for and paid, and shall and may be distributed, apportioned and applied in such manner as other Penalties may by the said Alts relating to the said Duties be distributed, apportioned and applied.

EXEMPTIONS from the Duties in Schedule (L.)

Any of the Royal Family.

Irish Members of Parliament and Public Officers.

Oath.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. 1.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several Schedules marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.)

All Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and being Members of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the Part of Ireland, or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Persons who shall hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as aforesaid, and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in which they shall respectively serve in Parliament; and all Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter be ordinarily resident therein, and now holding or who shall hereafter hold Offices of Public Employments in Ireland, and are now residing in Great Britain, or who shall hereafter reside in Great Britain, with the Approbation or by the Order or Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and which shall be certified under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein resident for the Purposes of assisting in the Execution of Public Business, shall be wholly discharged and exempted from the Duties set forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (C.) (D.) (E.) and (G.); provided that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Irelana as aforesaid, being a Member of either House of Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Session of Parliament, and Forty Days before and Forty Days after each Session, nor to any Article on which a Duty is by this Act made payable, which shall be retained, kept, employed or used by such Person in Great Britain, during the Residence of such Person in Ireland 5 provided also, that this Exemption shall not extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, holding an Office or Public Employment in Ireland, unless the Approbation in Writing, or such Order or Direction of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and a Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Persons respectively holding such Offices or Employments shall have been before the passing of this Act delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Somerset Place, or shall be so delivered within Twenty Days after the passing of this Act, with respect to Persons then in Great Britain^ or within Thirty Days after the Arrival in Great Britain of such Persons respectively, who shall thereafter arrive: Provided also, that no Person shall, for the Purposes of claiming this Exemption, be deemed to be ordinarily resident in Ireland, unless he shall reside therein during such Portion of the Year as is not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And, for the better ascertaining the Fast of such Residence, every Person claiming the Benefit of this Exemption shall verify the fame upon Oath (if required) before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, in the District where such Person shall reside.

SCHEDULE (M.)

No. 2.

Further EXEMPTIONS from the several Duties in the several Schedules marked (C.) (D4.) and (E.) Any Sheriff of any County, or Mayor or other Officer in any Corporation or Royal Burgh, serving an annual Office therein, who, during such Year of Service, shall have kept or shall keep any Number of Ser-

12 vants.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 93.

Schedule (M.) No. 2. — continued*

vants, Carriages or Horses, greater than the Number such Person was assessed to prior to the Year of such Service, and who shall have been assessed for such greater Number for One Year, shall be exempt from further Assessment for such greater Number for any other Year, although such Year of Service may have run into a Second Year of Assessment.

SCHEDULE (N.)

I. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be delivered by Members of Volunteer Corps.

I Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act], that the several Persons herein named and described are severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps, and have duly attended at the Muller and Exercise of the said Corps for Days, in the Course of the Year next preceding the Date hereof, which Muller Rolls have been duly returned, tellifying the fame pursuant to the said Act.

(Signed)

Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

II. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game Keeper, being a Servant for whom the Mailer \ or Mistress, or the Lord or Lady of the Manor or Royalty [if in England), or the Proprietor of

Lands [if in Scotland), shall be duly assessed to the Duty on Servants.

No. Game Duty Certificate (A.)

[To bt used where the Servant pay* the Duty.]

By A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of /. in the County of L.

Received from C.D. residing in the Parish [or, Township] of [herename the Parish or Townjhif ] in the said County, an assessed Servant of E. F.

[here name the Master or Mifirefs] of [here name the Residence of the Mtfler or Mifirefs] (in Exchange for this Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G. H., one of the Collectors of Alfefled Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Township], for the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings Sterling, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C. D., in respect of his Deputation as Game Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of K. in the said County [if the Certificate be granted in England, or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment of Game Keeper of the Lands of K. in the said County]. Given in pursuance of Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of George the Third, ana certified the Day of in the Year of our

Lord

(Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

III.

No. Game Duties Certificate (B.)

[To be used where the Master pays the Duty ]

By A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of /. in the County of L.

Received from E.F.

[here name the Master or Mifirefs'] rcfidiDg in the Parish [or, Place] of [here name the Residence of the Master or Mijlrefs] in the said County, on Behalf of C.D. an Assessed Servant of the said E.F. (in Exchange for this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the Collectorsof Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Towtship] for the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings Steiling, as the Game Duty chargeable upon the said Servant in respect of his Deputation as Game Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of K. in the said County [if the Certificate be granted in England\ or if in Scotland, in respect of his Appointment as Game Keeper of the Lancfs of K. in the said CountvJ. Given in pursuance of Acts passed in the 48th and 53d Years of the Reign of George the Third, and certined the Day of in the Year of our Lord

' (Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

IV. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Game Keeper, not being an Assessed Servant to any Person or Persons.

No. Game Duty Certificate (C.)

By A.B, Clerk to the Commissioners acting [in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of 7. in the County of L.

Received from C.D, residing in the Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Townjhitj] in the said County (in Exchange for this Certificate) a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the fcolledors

5 Z 2 of

9©o C.!93>94* 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Schedule (N.) — continued.

of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Township"\ for the Sum of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six pence Sterling, for the Game Duty chargeable upon the said C.D. in respect of his Deputation as Game Keeper of the Manor or Royalty of K. in the said County Vif the Certificate be granted in England, or if in Scotland^ in respect of his Appointment as Game Keeper of the Lands of K. in the said County], the said C.D. not being an Assessed Servant to any Person or Persons. Given in pursuance of Acts passed in the 48th and 52d Years of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of in the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

V. — Form of CERTIFICATE to be issued to every Person not being a Game Keeper.

No. Game Duty Certificate (D.)

By A.B. Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts for Assessed Taxes for the Division of 1. in the County of L.

Received from C.D. redding in the Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Township] in the said County (in Exchange for this Certificate), a Receipt under the Hand of G.H. one of the Collectors of Assessed Taxes for the said Parish [or, Township] of [here name the Parish or Township'] for the Sum of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six pence Sterling for the Game Duty, chargeable upon the said C.D. in his own Right, throughout Great Britain. Given in pursuance of Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of George the Third, and certified the Day of in

the Year of our Lord

(Signed) Clerk.

This Certificate will expire on the Fifth Day of April next.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Glass, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff.

[9th July 1812.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, nave freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Buttes in and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

Schedules (A.) there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, and (B.) on his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and described^evied* described in the Schedules marked (A.l and (B.) respectively hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Drawbacks'a°d Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules, and that in Schedule (C) there shall be made, allowed and paid for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities for allowed, &c. or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed to the several Persons entitled to the fame,

the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and the fame respectively shall commence and take Effect from the respective Day or Days mentioned in the said Schedule, in cases where any special Date or Dates is or are inserted therein, and in cases where no such Date is inserted, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

Duties under

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed, as shall arise in Commissioners that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in ut Excite. England; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the

Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

How Duties

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be

i^'d* accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied and discharged by the Person or Persons liable to the accounting for,

clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction or Discharge thereof, at such time and times, and in such manner as the Duties of Excise chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities respectively, or upon any Person for or in respect thereof, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied or discharged; save and except that, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in lieu and instead of Persons who shall make or cause to be made Glass in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, paying and clearing off the additional Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Glass made in Great Britain, or of the Materials or Metal or other Preparations made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass or of Common Bottles, within Four Weeks, such Persons respectively shall pay and clear off the fame within Eight WtfKrcof Gias. Weeks; and in lieu and iastead of Persons who shall make or cause to be made Glass in any other Part of

11 Great

A.D. 1812i 52° GEORGII III. C. 94. 901

Great Britain, paying and clearing off such additional Duties within Six Weeks, such Persons respectively shall pay and clear offthe fame within Twelve Weeks after he, she or they respectively shall make or ought to have made such Entry as is required by the Laws in force, immediately before the passing of this Act, under the Penalties by the said Acts or any of them in that Behalf provided; save also and except that, until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, in lieu and instead of Tanners of Hides Tanners, and Skins within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, paying, clearing off and discharging the additional Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, within Fourteen Days, such Tanners respectively shall pay, clear off and discharge the fame within Four Weeks; and in lieu and instead of Tanners in other Parts of Great Britain, paying, clearing off and discharging such additional Duties within Six Weeks, such Tanners respectively shall pay, clear off and discharge within Twelve Weeks after such Hides and Skins respectively fh .11 be marked and damped as is by the Laws in force immediately before the passing of this Act, under the Penalties by the said Acts or any of them in that Behalf provided,

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Duties and

Act on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, the same shall in every case be Drawbacks for understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion and after the fame Rate to any greater or less ^eate?or Quantity than such specific Quantity.

V. And whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been made before the passing of this Act by Makers or Manufacturers of or Dealers in the respective Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, upon which additional Duties are by this Act imposed, for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively to be delivered after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be it therefore enacted,

That such Makers, Manufacturers or Dealers delivering such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities Duty added to respectively, after the Day and Year last aforesaid, in pursuance of such Contrafts or Agreements, shall be Qontra^for allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Goods^delivered Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively, to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of after jujy^this Act to be paid for the same accordingly. 1812.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set Duties levied as forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed marked (A.l and (B.) respectively, as the Duties of Excise and former Duties of the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise set forth in thefaia Schedule marked (C.) upon the several and respect on

tive Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, Aruc es* collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties respectively and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated or allowed, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities in general, and also to all and every the special Conditions,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VII. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 48 G. 3. c. 60.

4. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the First Tear of King James the First, intituled An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather; and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other Acts of Parliament relating thereto, it is enacted, that no Person or j

Persons using the Trade or Business of tanning of Leather by himself or herself, or by any other Person or Persons, shall, during the time that he, she or they shall so use or carry on the said Trade or Business of Tanning, use, occupy or in any manner carry on the Trade or Business of a Shoemaker, Currier, Leather Cutter or other Artificer exercising the cutting or working of Leather, upon Pain of Forfeiture and losing all and every such Hide and Hides, Skin and Skins, so by him, her or them, or any of them, wrought or tanned,

during the time he, she or they shall so use the Trade or Business of Tanning, or thejuft Value thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, together with Cods of Suit: And whereas the said recited Penalty is insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended*

and it is therefore expedient to impose the further Penalty herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, Tanners carry. That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, if any Person or Fprfogg lugon Business using or carrying on the Trade or Business of tanning of Leather, by himself, herself or themselves, or by any of Shoemaker other Person or Persons, shall by himself, herself or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons during the*

time

[Penalty.]

Duties paid into Exchequer.

Separate Account of Duties kept for io Years.

42 G. 3.C. 70.

Act altered, &c.

C. 94. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

time that he, she or they shall so life or carry on the Trade or Business of Tanning, use, exercise or in any manner carry on the Trade or Business of a Shoemaker, Currier, Leather Cutter, or other Artificer, exercising the cutting or working of Leather, the Person or Persons so offending shall, over and besides the said recited Penalty by the said Act imposed, forfeit and lose the further Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and that One Moiety thereof shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty* Exchequer at Westmlnsler, and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall for the Period of Ten 1 ears from the Commencement of this Act cause a separate and distinct Account of the additional Duties granted by this Act to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in use; and the Monies a riling from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

GLASS.

Duties.

£ s. d.

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and of Phial Glass respectively which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass not being Spread Glass, whether fta(hed or otherwise, manufadhired and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Glass, the following Sums respectively, that is to say;

In the making of Plate Glass

And in the making of Common Bottles, the fame not being Phials, and of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glaffcs, and of all other Vessels and Utensils made of Common Bottle Metal

For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass, and of all other Glass Manufactures which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the fame not being Flalks in which Wine or Oil shall or may be imported, nor Foreign Green Glass Bottles, nor Irish Glass or Glass Manufactures imported directly from Ireland

290 015 o

1 16 9

290 o 4 1

3 3 0

HIDES and SKINS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides of what Kind soever, and of Calve .Skins, Kips, Hog Skins, Dog Skins and Seal Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be tanned in Great Britain, for Gloves and Bazils For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned with Shomack or otherwise in Great Britain to referable Spanish Leather -

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spaui(h Leather, in Great Britain

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins which shall be tanned m Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide -

For and upon all Hides of Steers and Cows, or any other Hides, of what Kind soever, those of Horses, Mares and Geldings excepted, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide -

o o i|

040

023

006

016

030

F«r

Hides and Skins — continued.

For every Pound weight Avoirdupois of all Calves Skins, Kips and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain with the Hair on For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins, which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and every Dozen of Dog Skins and of Kid Skins which shall be tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Goat Skins and of Beaver Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Sah, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, not hereinbefore particularly charged

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain For every Dozen of Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain

TOBACCO and SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal imported into Great Britain.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories in America, or of the United States of Amenca, imported into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, imported into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any Britisht Plantation in Amenca, or from the Spanish West Indies -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any other Place, not being Irish manufactured Snuff imported dire£Uy from Ireland

£ /. d.

00 ij

030

010 006 020 o o 1$

006

003

006

036

019

O O 4* 002

002

002

005!

O O 2\

0034

SCHEDULE (B.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES of EXCISE on certain Commodities imported from IRELAND

into GREAT BRITAIN.

Duties.

GLASS.

For every Square Foot superficial Measure of Irish Plate Glass - For every Hundred Weight of Irish Enamel Stained or Paste Glass

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass and of Phial Glass respectively, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

For every .Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flatbed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly Called or known by the Name of Crown 'Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

£ /.

© 3 3 5

3 5

o 15

4

d.

3*

3

3

7*

For

9o4

C. 94.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

1. d.


3 3 0 o o 9

Glass — continued.

For every Hundred Weight of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal manufactured in Ireland,

Common Bottles excepted -

For every Hundred Weight of any Sort or Species of Irish Glass, not hereinbefore enumerated or defer ibed -

Bottles of Common Green Glass the Dozen Quarts

LEATHER unmanufactured.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides, of what Kind soever, and of Calf Skins, Kips,

Hog Skins, Dog Skins and Seal Skins, tanned in Ireland, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins so tanned for Gloves and Bazils, which shall be imported in the whole Hide or Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever - -001}

For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned in Ireland to resemble Spanish Leather, and imported from thence into Great Britain - -040

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned in Ireland for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish

Leather, and imported from thence into Great Britain - - -023

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides or Skins not hereinbefore enumerated and described, and of all Pieces or Parts of Hides or Skins which shall be tanned in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain - - -006

For all Hides of Horses, Mares and Geldings which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for each and every such Hide - -016

For all Hides of Steers, Cows or any other Hides, of what Kind soever, (those of Horses,

Mares and Geldings excepted) which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for each and every such Hide - - - -030

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calve Skins, Kips and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, in the whole Skin, neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever - -001}

For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise "tawed with the Hair on, in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain - - - .030

For every Dozen of Slink Calf Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed without Hair in Ireland; and for every Dozen of Dog Skins and Kid Skins which shall be dressed in Alhim and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain - o 1 o

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported from thence into Great Britain in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor dintinished in any respect whatever - 006

For every Dozen of Goat Skins and Beaver Skins which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or

Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain- 020

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be dressed , in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed-in Ireland, and which shall be imported from thence into Great Britain, in the whole Skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respt-61 whatever - - - -001}

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins not hereinbefore enume. rated and described, and of all Pieces and Parts of Hides or Skins which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain - 006

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which shall be dressed in

Oil in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain - .003

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins and Parts and Pieces of Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -- 006

For every Dozen of Irish Vellum imported from Ireland into Great Britain - - ° 3 5i

For every Dozen of Irish Parchment imported from Ireland into Great Britain - o 1 8*

XEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of tanned Leather manufactured and -actually made into

Goods.or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -o o if

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish-made Boots and Shoes and Gloves, and other

Manufacture*

Leather manufactured — continued.

Manufactures made of tawed or dreded Leather, and imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins drcfTed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins not hereinbefore-enumerated or described, dressed in Oil, and manufactured into Goods or Wares in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain -

TOBACCO and SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight- of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish, imported from Ireland into Great Britain

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Roll Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Carrot Tobacco imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irish manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or defenbed, imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff imported from Ireland into Great Britain

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Tobacco Stalk Flour imported from Ireland into Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manufactured Snuff or Snuff Work not hereinbefore enumerated or described, imported from Ireland into Great Britain

£ s. d.

001 003

006

002

003 003 003 003 003 o o J2] O O 3{ O O 2i

° ° i\ 0 O 3J

SCHEDULE (C.)

DRAWBACKS.

GLASS.

Drawback.

-1

For every Square Foot superficial Measure of Plate Glass made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts ... For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, and of Phial Glass respectively, which shall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts -

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Part 8

For every Hundred Weight of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glades, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal manufactured in Ireland, Common Bottles excepted -

For every Hundred Weight of Common Bottles* not being Phials, and of Vefels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glades, and of all other Vedels or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid and duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize 52 Geo. III. 6 A

£ /. d* ° 3 3*

3 5 3 o 15 o

*4 7) o 4 0}

o 4 or

HIDES

(C.)

Drawback.

HIDES and SKINS.

£ s. d.

For all Hides and Calve Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins tanned or tawed in Great Britain, and duly marked or tanned or tawed in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts as Merchandize For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, or tanned in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and changeable by this Act, to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Goat Skins tanned with Shomach in Great Britain; and for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins tanned in Great Britain for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots and Shoes made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, of tanned Leather, and exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Parts beye id the SeSis other than Ireland For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes, Gloves or other Manufactures made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, of any Kind of tawed Leather chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parta -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or dressed in Oil in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or dressed in Oil in Ireland and imported irom thence into Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts For every Pound Weight of all other Skins except Lamb Skins, and of all Hides dreffad in Oil in Great Britain, or dressed in Oil in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and duly marked for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

TOBACCO.

TheWboUoJ, the Dutybrrc-, by imposed.

O O l|

"The Whole oj the Duty hereby imposedfor or in rcffcQ there^frespec-Jhreiy.

O O 2i

The Whole oj the Duty here-.by imposed.

OO3

0 0 6

The Whole of the Duties I hereby ioo-.posed.

For every Pound Weight of Short Cut Tobacco manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof from such Ports to Foreign Parts For ^very Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco so manufactured and exported For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manufactured and exported For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured and exported

o o ij o o i\ o c j\

0 0

43 G. 3- c. 150.

43 G. 3. C. 161.

45 G. 3 c. 95.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Dudes on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Powers and Provisions contained in an Act, passed in

the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confoTidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also in another Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting nemo Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conJlruSed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by AuSion or on Commission; and also an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An 4 A8 to amend so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the Appointment of Assessors and Sub CoIleBors, and the Notices required to be

delivered

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 95.

1 delivered to Persons assessed to the said Duties; and also in an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present IVar, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates arid 1 Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and

Offices, and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain

Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits u arising from Property*'Professions. Trades and Office*, and to con/olidate and render more elsefiual the Provisions for colfeSing the said Duties; and also in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said

Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof* and certain additional Duties to be eonfofldated therewith, and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be placed under the Management (f the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also in an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Amount of certain Duties of Assessed Taxes granted by an Act passed in the Forty eighth ' Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for granting to His Majesty certain other Duties of Assessed Taxes on the Articles therein mentioned; and in any other Act relating to the Taxes to be raised by Assessment under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, should be amended in the Particulars herein after. mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

"King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute, in each Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, shall and are hereby directed and required, by virtue of their Offices aforesaid, without other Qualification or Nomination, to act as Commissioners in the Execution of the said recited Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of all and every other Act or Acts relating to the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in the Shire or Stewartry or District thereof for which they are appointed Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute respectively, and shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for aAing therein as Commissioners without the Qualification required by the before recited Acts; and such Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute shall have the fame Powers, Jurisdiction, Privileges and Authority, as are by the said last recited Act vested in the Commissioners named and appointed in virtue of the Provisions therein contained: Provided always, that before they act as Commissioners aforesaid, they shall take the Oath or Oaths prescribed by the said last recited Act; And the Commissioners named and appointed in the several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, in virtue of the Provisions contained in the said last recited Act, are hereby required and directed to meet as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, of the time of which Meeting due Notice shall be given to the Sheriffs Depute and Sheriffs Substitute of the said respective Shires and Stewartries; and the said Sheriffs Depute and Sheriffs Substitute are hereby required to give their Attendance at such Meeting, and to take the Oath or Oaths prescribed by the said Act or AA$i which Oath or Oaths any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer: Provided always, that if it shall so happen that any of the said Sheriffs Depute or Substitute shall be prevented, by Sickneis or otherwise, from attending such Meeting so to be appointed as aforesaid, he or they may attend at any future Meeting of the said Commissioners to take the Oath or Oaths as aforesaid.

4 11; And whereas, in order to render the Assessment and Collection of the different Duties in Scotland under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, so far as relates to the Assessed Taxes,

more convenient and effectual, it is expedient to give Power and Authority to the Commissioners of Supply in each County, Shire or Stewartry, to divide themselves into Districts in such Counties, Shires or Stewartries, wherein a Division shall bepracticable and expedient; which Division is to be approved of as after mentioned Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Convenor of each County, Shire or Stewartry, or in the Event of his Absence or Failure, for the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of such County, Shire or Stewartry, and they are hereby respectively directed and required, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently can be done, to summon a General Meeting of the said Commissioners of Supply, to be held within the Place where such Meetings are usually held, upon a Day to be named in the said Summons, and which Summons shall ft ate the sperial Purpose of such Meeting; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them then and there present, taking into their Consideratioti the Extent and Population of their respective Counties, Shires or Stewartries, and the Number of Persons resident therein, authorized and capable of aAing as Commissioners aforesaid, are hereby authorized, and it shall be lawful for them to divide their respective Counties, Shires and Stewartries into such and so many Districts or Divisions as to them shall seem expedient for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Purposes of the said recited Acts respectively, according to the Provisions of this Act, and they are hereby required upon such Division to ascertain and set down in Writing the Names of the several Parishes forming eacn and every such DillriA or Division, and to appoint Commissioners to aA for every such District or Division, from amongst those who shall be resident within or near unto such District, so that not less than Three several Commissioners shall be so set down and appointed for each and every such District respectively, exclusive of the Sheriff Depute or Substitute in such District; and the said Commissioners shall do every thing in their respective Districts concerning the said Duties, as is prescribed and directed to be done by the Commissioners appointed by the AAs before recited, to aA for the whole of such County, Shire or Stewartry; Provided always, that no more than One Sheriff Substitute shall aA at any Meeting, in any Coupty, Shire or Stewartry, or any Division or District thereof; And provided also, that the said Commissioners or any of them shall not be restrained from aAing as Commissioners in any other Part of the County, Shire or Stewartry, in which they are appointed Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, after they shall have at such General Meeting divided the County, Shire or Stew-

6 A a artry

9 °7

46 G. 3* C. 65.

48 G. 3. c. 55.

50 G. 3. c. 104.

Sheriff deputes and Substicuces Commissioners under Property Acts.

Commissionerl of Supply may divide Counties into Districts, subject lo Approval of BarodS of Exchequer*

District Commissioners appointed not less than Three in Nani-ber.

Dillrid Commif-sinners may ad in any other Part of Shire or Stewartry,

908 C. 95.

52

GEORGII III.

A.D. 18j 2.

Commissioners of Supply may appoint CommiiVtuner for DiJlncU.

Cities and

artry into Districts or Divisions as directed by this Act, are hereby required to fend a Roll or Lift of the several Parishes forming^each such Distnft or Divisioir, and also a List of the Names of the Commissioners who are to act in each District or Division, to the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, who shall lay the fame before the Barons of Exchequer for their Approbation, and if approved of by them shall record the said Lift in his Office.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the better Execution of the aforesaid Acts fur granting Dutica

on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in any County which shall be divided into Districts in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at their General Meeting, and they are hereby directed to appoint such Number of Commissioners duly qualified agreeably to the said last mentioned Acts, as shall seem to them necessary and expedient, not exceeding Seven nor less than Three, (exclusive of the said Sheriffs Depute and Sheriffs Substitute) to act in Execution of the said last mentioned Acts in each such District or Division within the said County, Shire or Stewartry; and also to appoint a like Number, as above mentioned, of Persons so

qualified as aforesaid, to supply Vacancies arising in each District or Subdivision within such oliire or Stewartry, in manner directed by the said last mentioned Acts, who respectively (halt be Commissioners for executing the said Acts in each of their said respective Districts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners empowered to act for the fe-

Borough* divided veral Cities and Boroughs in Scotland, to divide the fame into Districts or Divisions, and to appoint such Com-

into Diitriftt. missioners to act for such Districts or Divisions as are by Law at present authorized to act therein, and to do

every thing that the Commissioners of Supply for the several Counties and Stewartries are authorized to do by this Act with regard to Division of Districts, but subject always to the Approbation of the Barons of Exchequer as aforesaid, and under the fame Regulations and Provisions herein enacted; and such District Commissioners shall have the fame Powers and Authority within their said several Districts, as hereby granted to the Commissioners of Districts of Counties or Stewartries.

Commissioners V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to hear and de-

for DistritU to termine Appeals under the said recited Acts passed in the Forty third, Forty fifth. Forty eighth, and Fiftieth hear and deter- of the Reign of His present Majesty, imposing and regulating the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and this

mine ppe u in their respective Districts for which they are appoioud Commissioners, at the time or times therein mentioned, and at such Places as to them shall seem expedient; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at the First Meeting to be held for any Year, to appoint and employ a fit Person to be their Clerk within such District, to attend them on each Day appointed to hear and determine Appeals under the said Acts during that Year, and so yearly, and the said Clerk (ha 1 distinctly minute all Appeals brought before the said Commissioners, with the Determination of the Commissioners thereon, in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose, and shall carefully write the Determination or Judgment of the said Commissioners, with the Amount of the Sum relieved, if any Relief is given, upon the Petition or other Document containing the Reasonsof Appeal.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk shall, for his Trouble in attending the Commissioners on Appeals relative to the said Assessed Taxes, and their transacting such Matters as shall be required of him, receive an Allowance not exceeding such Allowance as shall from time to time be certified to be proper by Two or more of the said Commissioners to the said Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, who may nevertheless and they are hereby empowered to restrict the Sum so certified to such ltffer Sum or Sums as they shall think reasonable, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof; and such Clerk shall not under any Pretence whatever demand, receive or take any Fee, Gratuity otJPerquisite, for any Matter or Thing to be done by him touching , the said Appeals, from any Person or Persons, other than the Allowance to be granted to him as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for each District or Division shall hold their Meeting at sortie City, Borough, Town or Place situated within the said District or Division, which shall be most central and convenient; and they are hereby authorized and required annually to appoint One or more sufficient Persons to be Sub Collector or Sub Collectors of the Monies which shall be assessed under the said Acts within their respective Districts or Divisions, which Sub Collectors for Districts or Divisions shall have Power and Authority to collect and receive from all and every Person or Persons within such Districts or Divisions for which they are appointed, all and every the Sums of Money for which such Persons are assessed under the Authority of the before recited Acts, both as to Duties arising from the Assessed Taxes, and upon Profits from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices; and the said Sub Collectors shall pay over the said Duties so received by them, without Delay, or at farthest on or before the First Day of the next Month after receiving the said Duties, to the Collector of the fame Duties respectively for the County, Stewartry, City or Borough, within which such District or Division, or Part thereof, is situated; and the said Collector for the County, Stewartry, City or Borough is hereby required to grant to such Sub Collectors a Receipt for such Monies, in Duplicate, gratis, and shall be in Charge for the Monies so received; one Duplicate of which Receipts the said Sub Collectors are hereby required immediately to transmit to the King's Remembrancer of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and which Receipts shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and for their Trouble in collecting and receiving such Duties, each Sub Collector shall have an Allowance of such a Proportion of the Statutory Poundage at present payable to Collectors, as the said Barons shall, upon due Consideration of the circumstances of the case, think just and reasonable; and which Allowance to be so made shall be paid to the several Sub Collectors by the Collectors of the fame Duties respectively for the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, upon an Order from the said Barons, out of the said Statutory Poundage j and which said several Sub Collectors shall, before entering into the Execution of the said Office,

5 and

Allowance to Clerks to Commissioners.

[Penalty.]

Piftritt Com-tmtfioners 10 appoint Sab

Collectors.

To account

Monthly to Collector of Duties for Shire, Ice.

Allowance.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 95. 909

and before he fhalTreceive any Money on the said Duties, enter into Bond, and do every other thing at present Bond, required to be done by the said recited Acts, by the Collector for the County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, so far as respects the District or Division to which he or they shall be appointed Sub Collector or Silb'

Collectors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners assembled at any General Meeting held Commissioners for any County, Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, shall deem it expedient, if shall be lawful for them, without divide. any Summons from the Convenor or Sheriff as aforefhicl, to divide such County, Shire or Stewartry, into

Districts or Divssions, and to appoint Commissioners to 3ft Yor such Districts or Divisions, and to do every thing General'Meet-which they might have done or are authorized to do by this Act when such Meeting is specially summoned by ing, without the Convenor or Sheriff as hereinbefore directed. Ammons from

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Duties in Arrear at the time when the said Coun- Convenor, ties. Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, shall be first divided into Districts or Division? in pursuance of ^ustoDivifSni this Act, may be collected by the respective Collectors of the fame Duties respectively for each County, and i>iariels Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough; and the Commissioners for the respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, collected by Cities and Boroughs at large may aft in all Matters relating to such Arrears of Duties, as if no Division had tormerColis&or. taken place, unless the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that the fame should, and shall direct the same to

be collected by the Collectors of Districts, under the Controul and Superintendence of the District Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Failure shall happen on the Part of the Commissioners aforesaid Commissioner for any County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough in Scotland, to meet and divide their respective Counties, !.° meet Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, into Districts or Divisions in manner hereinbefore directed, and at the

times hereinbefore mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, if they think it Barom* of Ex-proper and expedient, upon taking into their Consideration the Extent and Population of such County, Shire, chequer may, Stewartry, City or Borough, and of the Number of Persons resident therein, authorized and capably of acting and ..lib appoint as Commissioners aforesaid, forthwith to cause such County, Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, to be divided Commi'tjouers into such and so many Districts and Divisions as to them shall seem expedient for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Purposes of this Act, and to fix and ascertain the Names of the Parishes forming each and every such District or Division, and appoint Commissioners, Sub Collectors and Clerks, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations and Provisions as are hereinbefore enacted.

XI. And whereas, in the said Part of Great Britain called Scotland certain Tnconveniencies and Delays*in the Collection of the said Duties have been found to arise, from the present Mode of giving the Notices of Assessment, which by the said recited Acts must be given to the Parties charged with the said several Du- ties; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That the several Surveyors appointed under the Authority of the aforesaid glirvcvoTS to .Acts shall and they are hereby enjoined and required, on or before the First Day of November in each Year, |eave Notices of to deliver to the Persons charged within their respective Districts, either personally or at the Places of their last Afllffinents Abode, or on the Premises charged with the Assessment, as the case may require, a Note of the several Duties with Poions for which such Person or Persons is or are afieffed, and which Notice shall specify the Time and Place when cha, Scd-and where the said Duties are to be paid, and shall also specify within what time all such Person or Persons who may consider themselves aggrieved by the said Assessment may appeal to the said Commissioners for Relief, agreeably to the Regulations in the said recited Acts in that case made and provided.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks appointed under the Authority of the said recited ClaU* rodeb'vcr

Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, imposing certain Rates and Duties to A.Tcfiort of arising from Profits on Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, shall and they are hereby authorized and Dr ifts Copy of required, within Six Days after the Assessment for the Year shall be made up for any District, to deliver to the for

Assessor of such District, appointed by the Commissioners acting under the said last mentioned Act, a Copy a; Bnbr to notify-under their Hands of the said Assessment for such District, with an Order thereon for such Assessor delivering to pjrtv Sam

a Note of the Sum charged to the Parties charged therewith, cither personally or at the places of their last. cl.»s*.d;

Abode, or on the Premises charged with the Assessment, as the case may require, and which Note shall specify

the Time and Place when and where the Duties so charged are to be paid, and shall also specify within what

time all such Persons may, if they consider themselves aggrieved by such Charge or Assessment, appeal for

Relief to the said Commimoners acting under the last recited Act, agreeably to the Regulations of the Statute

in that case made and provided; and the Assessor to whom such Copy and Order shall be delivered, (halh Assessor to cer-

within Fourteen Days after Receipt thereof, make Notification as aforesaid thereupon, and return the said tify compliance.

Copy to the Clerks from whom he received the fame, with a Certificate upon Oath before One of the Com-

iniflioners aforesaid, that he did notify the fame in the manner prescribed by this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall not pay the several Sum or Sums Recovery of charged upon him, her or them, by any Act or Acts herein mentioned, according to the Directions contained Drni

in such Act or Acts or by this Act, it shall be lawful to and for any Two of the Commissioners aforesaid for any Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough or District thereof respectively, or for the Sheriff Depute or Substitute for such Shire or Stewartry, and they are hereby required respectively, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds Sterling, Penalty*, upon Certificate made to them or either of them by the Sub Collector or Sub Collectors that such Duties are rolling and not duly pa: .dvto issue and grant a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands for the said Sub Collectors recovering the said Duties, by poinding and distrair.ing the Goods and Effects of any Person or Persons mentioned in such Certificate, and who shall not have paid the Sums thereby afllffed upon him, her or them; which Warrant shall be executed by the Constablee or Sheriff Officers of the County, Shire, Stewartry', City or Borough, by poinding and dillraining the Goods and Effects belonging to such Person or Persons at the time the said Duties became in An ear; and the Goods and Effects so poinded and distrained shall be detained and kept on the Ground or at the House where the fame were poinded or distrained, or in such other Place, of

which

9io C. 95.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Sale of Effect

poinded.

Peu^ky.

Imprisonment.

Cofleftors to transmit I.ills ot Arrears annually to King's Remembrancer in Exchequer.

Collectors to transmit to Exchequer, an* tuiailv, Accounts of Arrears. Penalty.

which the Owner shall have Notice, near to the said Ground or House, as the Officer or Constable so poinding and distraining the same shall think proper, for the Space of Fotlr Days, during which time the said Goods and Effects shall remain in the Custody of the said Officer or Constable, liable to the Payment of the whole Duty in Arrear, and to the Costs to be paid to the Officer or Constable Who poinded the fame, as herein after directed, unless the Owner from whom the fame were poinded and distrained shall redeem the fame within the said Space of Four Days by Payment of the said Duties in Arrear and Costs to the Officer or Constable, to be settled iif the same manner as if the said Goods and Effects had been sold as herein after directed*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Goods and Effects so poinded or distrained shall, after the Expiration of the said Four Days, be valued and appraised by any Two Persons to be appointed by the Officer or Constable, (which Two persons shall be obliged to value the fame, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for each Neglect or Refusal) and shall be sold and disposed of at a Sum not less than the Value, by the Officer or Constable who does poind the fame, and the Value to be applied in the First Place to the Satisfaction and Payment of the Duties owing by the Person whose Goods are 10 poinded, and in the Second Place to the Payment for the Trouble of the Officer or Constable so poinding, at the Rate of Two Shillings pet Pound of the Duties for which the Goods shall be so poinded and distrained, unless the Owner from whom the fame were poinded or distrained shall redeem the fame by Payment of the appraised Value, within the Space of Four Days after the Valuation, to the Officer who poinded the fame; and in case any Surplus shall remain of the Price or Value, after Payment of the said Duties, and after Payment of what is allowed to be retained by the Officer or Constable in manner herein directed, such Surplus shall be returned to the Owner from whom the Goods were poinded or distrained; and in case no Purchaser do appear at the said Sale, then the said Goods and Effects so poinded and distrained shall be consigned and lodged in the Hands of the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute, and if not redeemed by the Owner within the Space of Four Days after the Con-signment in the Hands of the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute, that the same shall be rouped, fold and disposed of, by Order of the Sheriff, in such manner and at such Time and Place as he shall appoint, he always being liable to the Payment of the Duties to the said Sub Collector, and to Payment to the Officer or Constable who shall have poinded and distrained the fame, for their Trouble and Expence as before dated, and to the Fees due to the Officer or Constable, and shall be in the Third Place entitled to One Shilling per Pound of the Value of the Goods so disposed of, for his own Pains and Trouble, after Preference and Auowance of the said Duties, and of what Is appointed to be paid to the Officer or Constable for their Trouble; and that there likewise shall be allowed to the Officer or Constable so poinding and distraining, the Expence of preserving the said Goods and Effects, and of maintaining the Cattle, if there should happen to be any among the Goods and Effects so poinded and distrained, from the time of poinding and distraining the fame, during the Period allowed to the Owner to redeem them, and also the Expence of the Sale; and in like manner the Expence shall be allowed to the Sheriff, for preserving and maintaining the Goods or Cattle poinded and distrained, during the Period that the Owner is allowed to redeem after Consignment in his Hands, and until the Sale thereof, and also the Expence of the Sale 5 and where no Goods or Effects sufficient for Payment of the said Duties can be found to be so poinded and distrained, and the Person liable shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, in every such case any One of the Commissioners aforesaid, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall be and is hereby authorized and required, under his Hand, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail until Payment shall be made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Collector and Collectors of the said several Duties, now appointed or hereafter to be appointed to collect or receive the said several Duties for any Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough in Scotland\ wherein the said several Duties or any Part thereof shall be resting and unpaid to the said Collector or Collectors on the First Day of August next ensuing the passing of this Act, shall within Thirty Days after jthe passing of this Act, and they respectively are hereby required to transmit to the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, a List or Schedule, containing the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode, of every Person in Arrear for the said Duties, together with the Sums due and owing br every such Personcespectively, distinguishing the Year and Years in which the said Duties in Arrear were assessed, and the Day or Days when the fame respectively became due, which Lift or Schedule being verified upon Oath in the manner herein after directed with respect to Arrears accruing in any Year now to come, shall be bid before the said Barons in like manner as is also herein after directed with respoct to future Arrears, who may at their Discretion direct the said Arrears to be levied and paid in like manner and under the like Powers as the bid Barons are herein after empowered to cause the bid future Arrears to be levied and paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or Collectors of the bid several Rates and Duties for the Shires and Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs, or Districts thereof, shall and they are hereby reauired respectively under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Sterling, on or before the First Day of August in each Year, or within Ten Days thereafter, to transmit to the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, a List or Schedule containing the Namee, Surnames and Places of Abode of every Person in Arrear for the bid Duties, together with the Sums due and owing by every such Person respectively for the Year preceding the bid First Day of August in each Year as aforesaid; and which Lift or Schedule shall be verified upon Oath before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough for which he or they is or are Collector or Collectors of the said several Duties; and the King's Remembrancer aforesaid shall, immediately upon receiving the said Lift or Schedule, lay the fame before the bid Barons, or any One of them, who are or is hereby authorized and empowered, if he 09 they shall judge it expedient, to issue his or their Order to the bid several Commissioners of the fame Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough or District thereof, to levy the Arrear or any Part thereof in the bid Lift or Schedules contained,

9 and

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 95.

and Triple Duties by Distress in the way and manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided always, that the Baron or Barons issuing such Order on the said Commissioners to levy by Distress, may, if he or they think fit, restrid the Penalty of the Triple Duties to a Moiety or other smaller Part thereof; and the Warrant of the Commissioners to be issued thereupon to the Collector or Collectors must recite the Order of the Barons, and be issued for the Duties unpaid, and for the Triple Duties, or the Moiety or other smaller Part of the Triple Duties, as in said Order, and for the Cods, as directed by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or Collectors of the aforesaid Rates and Duties for the said Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs or Districts thereof, shall on or before the Twelfth Day of November in each Year (under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds Sterling) make up and transmit to the King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer at Edinburgh, an Account of all Sums which may have been levied and received by them under the Authority of the Order of the said Barons or any One of them as aforesaid; and which shall not have been paid over to the Collector of the fame Duties respectively, for the fame Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, or to the Receiver General at Edinburgh; and also an Account of all such Sums as have been paid over by him or them to the said Receiver General; which Account shall be verified upon Oath before the Sheriff Depute or Stewart Depute of the Shire or Stewartry, or his Substitute, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough for which he or they is or are Collector or Collectors of the said several Duties; and the King's Remembrancer shall, so soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt thereof, lay the fame before the said Barons, who shall consider the fame, and dire« the Amount then resting with the said Collectors or any of them, to be paid over to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, who shall remit and pay the same into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminder.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duties alfelled in Scotland shall not be paid to the Receiver General by reason of any Failure of the Collectors, either in the Performance of his Duty, or in not paying over the Money received by him according to the Directions of this and the said recited Acts or any; of them, and any Deficiency shall remain after Diligence used against such Collector or his Surety or Sureties, or in case of Death, against his Executors or Administrators, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue their Order to the Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the District, requiring them to cause the deficient Sum to be re-assessed within the said Sh ire, Stewartry, City or Borough or Distpid thereof in Scotland, where such Failure has happened, so soon as the fame can be done after the Amount of such Deficiency is ascertained, upon those Persons subjected to the Payment of the like Duties in the Year when the Re-assessment shall be made, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Deficiency amongst them, according to each Person's Assessment, as near a9 the case will admit, and by like Rules and Modes by which the original Assessments were made of the Duties assessed in that Year; which Sum so re-assessed shall be levied and collected in such manner as the said Duties may be raised and levied in Scotland.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all competent and legal Process of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, whether by Homing or otherwise, directed by the before recited Statute passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to issue upon Bonds granted by Collectors and their Sureties, for the faithful Performance of their Duty, and the duly paying over the several Duties collected by them to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, or by Sub Collectors nominated under the Authority of this Act, for the faithful Performance of their Duty, and for their duly paying over the Duties collected by them to the Collector of the fame Duties respectively, may issue in the Name of the said Receiver General at Edinburgh for the time being, or his Deputy or Deputies.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, felling by Auction in Scotland any Goods or Effects whatsoever by any Mode of Sale at Auction, shall, at least Three Days before he, she or they do begin.any Sale by way ot Auction, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collector of the said Duties respectively within whole District such Sale is intended to be, a Notice in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer or Seller by Auction, specifying therein the particular Day when such Sale is to begin, and the Name and Surname of the Person or Persons, with his or their Place of Residence, whose Goods and Effects are to be sold; and if any such Auctioneer or Seller by Auction shall presume to fell any such Goods and Effects by way of Auction, without delivering the Notice hereinbefore required to be delivered, Every such Auctioneer or Person felling by Auction, offending therein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Certificate made or granted by the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of the said recited Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for Payment of the Poundage allowed by Law to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or to his Assistant, or to any Assessor of the said Duties, shall be valid or effectual, without the Order of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland first obtained thereou; and it shall be in the Power of the said Barons, by their said Order, to withhold the Allowance of such Poundage or such Part thereof, in case of any culpable Neglect, Omission or Delay in the said Clerk or Assistant Clerk, or Assessor, in the Execution of his or their respective Duties, as to the said Barons, on full Consideration of the case, shall appear just and proper; and in the Event of the Suspension or Dismissal of any such Clerk or Assistant or Assessor from the respective Offices by the said Barons, it shall be lawful for and in the Power of the said Barons to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to do the Duty of the said several Offices, in the Place or Stead of such Person or Persons so suspended or dismissed, until the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint a fit Person or Persons to perform the several Duties of the said Offices, as empowered or required by the said recited Act j and the Person or Persons so to

be

911

43 G. 3. c. 150.

§ 30*

Collectors to transmit to Exchequer annually, Accounts of Sums levied in Name of Triple Duties.

[Penalty.]

Deficiencies of Duties arising from Failure cor Default of Collectors, re-assessT-ed by Order of Barons cf Exchequer.

ProcessbvHorn-inr, Arc. to issue in Name of Receiver Genet al of Scotland.

Auctioneers to give Notices of Salesor Auctions to Collecturs of Difbids.

[Penalty.]

No Poundage paid to Clerks or Assessors without Orders from B*rons.

913 C-95> 96, 97-

52° GEORGiI III.

A.D. 1812.

No Collector or CL-rk to hold more than one Office.

[Penalty.]

Rules and Regu la cions not alter, cd, in force.

Recovery of Penalties.

Act altered, &c.

be appointed by the said Barons shall be entitled to the several Allowances authorized by Law to be made to the respective Clerks or Assessors.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Clerk or Assistant Clerk, or Collector, acting under the Authority of the said tad recited Act or this Act, shall on any Pretence whatever, directly or indirectly, hold or enjoy, or exercise or receive, or be entitled to the whole or any Part of the Emoluments, more than one, of the said Situations of Clerk or Assistant Clerk, or Collector, under the said Act; and if any Clerk or Assistant Clerk, or Collector, shall act in the contrary, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and further be rendered incapable of again acting as Clerk or Clerk's Assistant, or Collector, in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act granting Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts, so far as the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered or varied, mail be in force

in relation to this Act, and shall be construed herewith in all respects, as if the fame were inserted herein and formed a Part thereof.

x£iv. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for, recovered and applied, in such Manner and Form as is directed by the said recited Acts respectively in regard to the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed, by auy Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCVI.

*3 0.3. c.ai.

308, 8731. received yearly at Exchequer being average yearly Amount of Bounty on JJnens.

An Act for applying the Amount of the Bounties on certain Linens exported from Great Britain towards defraying the Charge of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Session of Parliament.

[9th July 1812.]

an Act was made in the Twenty third Year of tfye Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of Britishi and Irish Buckrams and Tiflettirrgj,

Britishi and Irish Linens, Britishi Callicoes and Cottons, or Cottons mixed with Linenf printed, painted, Sained

or dyed in Great Britain: And whereas the Bounty granted by the said Act will expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve: And whereas it is expedient that the Amount of the said

Bounty should be appropriated towards the Purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasional by any Loan made or Stock created in the present Session of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, there shall be reserved and set apart at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, the yearly Sum of Three hundred and eight thousand eight hundred and seventy three Pounds, being the average yearly Amount of the said Bounty, by Four equal Portions, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July9 and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year, towards defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to

grant to His Majesty, Duties upon Spirits made or disltlled in Ireland from Corny to allow certain ' Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof to male further Regulations for the Encouragement of licensed Difillers,

and for amending the Laws relating to the Distillery in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that until the Commencement of the Summer Assizes which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

4 it shall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at the Assizes for any County or County of a City or Town in

Ireland, or at any presenting Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parish, Town-

land, Manor or Lordship, in any Sum of Money or Penalty, on any Information which shall have been given to any Justice of the Peace at any time after the passing of the said Act, for any Offence against any Ad in

force in Ireland for the regulating and collecting the Duties on Spirits, by the having, keeping or using any un- licensed Still or Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, or any Utensil for diddling Spirits,

or any Wafti, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, contrary to Law: And whereas by an Act made in the

go.3. c. too.«Year, intituled An Act for respiting certain Fines imtofed on Stills in Ireland, it was enacted, that

all such Fines as might have been imposed on or after the Tenth Day of March in the said Year, on Parishee

or Townlands in Ireland, for unlicensed Stills or Parts of Stills, or Materials for illicit diddling, should be and the fame were thereby respited: And whereas the time limited in and by the said fitft recited Act for preventing the Imposition of such Fines will shortly expire, and it is expedient wholly to repeal all such Fines Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

After passing the fame, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at any Act no Fine im- Assizes for any County or County of a City or Town in Ireland, or at any presenting Term in the County or imder°47*G 2 C°unty t^e City of Dublin % to fine auy Parish, Towidand, Manor or Lordship, in any Sum of Money or Sep; 2. c. I?, or Penalty for or in respect of any unlicensed Still ot Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm, anyotlisrAft. or

9'3

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 97.

x>r any Utensil for diddling Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, being used or found in any Parish, Townland, Manor or Lordship in Ireland; any thing in an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act to amend an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; but that all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said last recited Act, and in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland contained, with respect. to the imposing and levying of all or any such Fines, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall after the Commencement of this Act be incurred for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and their Sub Commissioners within their respective Jurisdictions, to hear, try and determine any Information or Complaint for the Recovery of any such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture; and every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for and recovered, in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impnjl upon His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein iriftrted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Cujlums and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Acts is provided; and such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be applied in such manner, as in and by the said hit recited Acts is directed, except where the Application thereof is by Law otherwise provided.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal or take away any of the Ways, Methods, Powers or Authorities appointed, directed or expressed, touching the filing for and Recovery of such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at or immediately before the Commencement of this Act, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Person, not being a licensed Distiller, nor being licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be convicted of any Offence against the Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland^ or for regulating the felling of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in Ireland* no Appeal to be brought by any such Person shall (lay or prevent the Execution of any Warrant or Process of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or their Sub Commissioners, for the distraining of any Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Possession of such Person, or for the Committal of such Person, unless and until such Person shall, with Two Sureties to be approved of by the Collector of the District, have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Penalty so incurred, conditioned to pay the said Penalty so imposed, in case the Judgment or Conviction for the same shall be wholly affirmed, and if only affirmed in Part, then conditioned to pay so much of such Penalty as such Person shall on such Appeal be adjudged to have forfeited 5 which Bond shall be taken by the Collector, who shall grant a Certificate of having taken such Bond; and the Person tendering any such Appeal shall lodge such Certificate with the Registrar of the Commissioners for Appeals before such Appeal shall be received.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller in Ireland shall have any Share in or be in any manner concerned in the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail; and if any Distiller shall, contrary hereto, have any Share in or be in any manner concerned in such Sale, every such Distiller shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Calk or Vessel containing any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, shall be found in the Possession of any Person not authorized by Law to have or keep such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, every such Person in whose Possession any fuel} Cask or Vessel shall be so found, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each such Calk or Vessel, in Addition to any Penalty which such Person may by Law be subject to in respect of such Wa(b, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of Excise shall find any unlicensed Still, Still Head, or Worm of a Still or other Utensil commonly used in the Distillation of Spirits, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, not being in the Possession of any Person duly authorized to keep the fame, and shall ?t the same time discover any Person aiding in or carrying on any Part of the Process of such unlicensed Distillation, every such Person, in addition to any other Penalty or Punishment to which he may by Law be subject, shall forfeit any Sum to be adjudged by a Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Place shall be situate, which such Justice in his Discretion shall judge fit, not less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for such Officer and his Affillants to arrest every such Person so discovered and convey him before such Justice of the Peace, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace, upon the Confession of the Party, or by Proof on the Oath of One credible Witness, to con\ift the Person so discovered, and to order and adjudge that the said Person (o convicted shall forfeit any Sum which such Justice shall in his Discretion think fit, not less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds; and the said Pei fans so convicted shall immediately pay the said Penalty to such Justice of the Peace, to be applied as herein after is directed; and if the said Person so convicted shall not forthwith pay the

52 Geo. III. 6 B said

Provisions as so such Fines ro-pealetl.

Commissioners of Excise, &c. to try Informations for Penalties against Acts relating to retail Spirit Licences reserving Jurisdiction of Magil-trates, kc.

14 Car. O', (f.) Sefl. 4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Appeal

Power for recovering Penalties not affedled.

No Appeal by an unlicensed Distiller or Spirit Retailer, from Convidiiov, (Fall Hay Execution, unless Security given to abide Event of Appeal

Distiller having Share in Sale of Spirits by Rctafc Penalty.

Persons in whose Possession Cades discovered containing Pot Ale, See,

[Penalty.]

Officers of Excise may arrelt Persons aiding in unlicensed Dill il-lery and bring them b: fore a Justice of the Peace, who : ny fine them, Sec,

9*4

Application of Penalty.

Persons con-vided of Misdeameanour for uting an unli-censed Still, &c. Penalty, Sec.

45 G.j. c. 5, .$, 8.

extended to Millifs in whose Mills Malt found without Permit.

[Penalty.]

45 G. 3- c. 53.

§ 11. as to sprinkling Corn, &c. in Couch Frame, &c. repenle.1. Sptinklinz until after 12 Days from 'ti being thrown out of Cirtern, prohibited. Penalty 48 G. 3. c. 79.

C. 97. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 18t2.

said Penalty, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice, and he is hereby required by Warrant to commit such Person to Prison, there to remain for any Space of time not less than Three and not more than Six Calendar Months from the Day of Conviction, and such Person so convicted shall not be sooner discharged unless he shall have paid the said Penalty 5 and every such Penalty when so paid shall be applied by such Justice in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, One Moiety of every such Penalty as shall be levied in the County of the City of Dubliu, or the Liberties thereunto belonging, shall be paid to the Churchwardens of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed, for the U(e of the Poor therein, and One Moiety of such Penalty as shall be levied in any other Part of Ireland shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Public Infirmary or Hospital of the County in which the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of such Infirmary or Hospiud, and the other Moiety of such Penalty shall in all cases be paid to the Officer who shall arrest the Person so convicted, such Moiety to be applied by such Officer in rewarding himself and his Affiilants in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners of Excise shall order and direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be convicted of a Misdemeanor for making use of any unlicensed Still, Still Head or Worm, or for diddling, or for having or keeping in his Possession any such Still, StilL Head or Worm, or for making any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for brewing, making or fermenting any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, wherewith and with Intent to diuil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law (or diddling, every such Person convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid shall, in Addition to any other Punishment to which such Person may be subject, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, as the Court shall in it9 Discretion think fit, to be paid to the Prosecutor; and such Person so convicted shall be imprisoned until such Fine shall be paid: Provided always, that the time of such Imprisonment shall not exceed in any case the Period of Six Calendar Months.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act' A cl for the Collect ion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, it is, amongd other

things, enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise to enter into the Houses or Mills of any Person or Persons having Malt in his, her or their Possession, and to demand a Permit signed by the proper Officer, for all Malt that shall be found therein, except such Malt as shall be made by any Maitder or ' Mak cr of Malt, or by any Person making Malt for his or her own private Use and not for Sale, and fouod in the Mak Stores of such Maitder or Maker of Malt, or other Person duly regidered; and if on Demand made by such Officer, a Permit or Certificate (as the case may be), of force for such Malt shall not be pro-

duced within a reasonable time after such Demand, then all such Malt shall be forfeited and may^be seized, and every Person in whose Possession as aforesaid any Malt shall be found without such Permit or Certificate,

shall forever}" Barrel of such Malt so found forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And whereas Doubts have

arisen whether Millers in whose Mills Malt may be found without such Permit or Certificate are subject to the aforesaid Penalty of Twenty Shillings imposed by the said Act for every Barrel of Malt so found without such Permit or Certificate For the removing of which Doubts, it is hereby declared and enacted, That whenever any Malt shall be found by any Officer of Excise in the Mill of any Miller in Ireland, if on Demand by such Officer, a Permit or Certificate (as the case may require), of force for such Malt shall not be produced within a reasonable time after such Demand, all such Malt shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Miller in whose Mill such Malt shall be found without such Permit or Certificate, shall for every Barrel of such Malt forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, as enads, that if any Corn or Grain shall be wetted or sprinkled with Water in the Couch Frame or on the Floor, all such Corn or Grain, together with any Vessels or Packages in which such Corn or Grain shall be found, shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain; shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Corn or Grain making into Malt in Ireland shall be wetted, watered or sprinkled in any State or Stage of Operation at anytime before the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days or Two hundred and eighty eight Hours after the same shall have been emptied, thrown or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used for keeping such Corn or Grain, the Maitder or Maker of Malt, in whose Possession the same shall be found, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XII. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Two Acts for the collecting the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Malt-

Jler, it is, amongd other things, enacted, that no Licence shall be granted to any Maitder or Maker of Malt, to make Malt in any Malthouse, the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors in which shall not contain ' Two thousand six hundred Square Feet in the Whole at the lead, or the Kiln Floor or Floors in which shall contain any Number of Square Feet exceeding the Proportion of Three hundred and twenty four Square Feet of such Kiln Floor or Floors, for every Two thousand six hundred Square Feet of the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors in such Malthouse: And whereas it is in and by the said last recited Act

provided, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt in any Malthouse which may have been erected previous to the passing of the Ad madi ' in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Collcdion of the Malt Duties in Ireland and ' regulating the Trade of a Maitder, the growing, working or drying Floors in which shall contain less than ' Two thousand (ix hundred Square Feet, and not less than One thousand Square Feet, and the Kiln Floor ' or Floors of which shall be in the foregoing Proportions to the working or dising Floor or Floors therein:

And whereas it is expelient, for the more effectual Suppression of unlicensed Stills in Ireland\ to authorize

1 the

52° Georgii iu.

c. 97. 915

the said Commissioners of Excise to grant Licences to Persons to keep Malthouses of such Dimenfiods as

the said Commissioners shall tiiiok proper, notwithstanding such Malthouses may have been eretted since the passing of the said Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt , in any Malthouse of any such Dimensions or Content as such Commissioners shall think proper, and as shall be specified in such Licence, provided that the Content of the Kiln Floor or Floors of such Malthouse shall be to the growing, working or drying Floor or Floors therein, in the Proportion of Three hundred and* twenty four Square Feet of Kiln Floor, to Two thousand six hundred Square Feet of growing, working and drying Floor or Floors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons whatever to keep any such Malthouse, or to withdraw the Licence granted for any such Malthouse: Provided always, that the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, be first had and obtained for every such Refusal or withdrawing of any such Licence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Licences to any Person or Persons to make Malt in any such Malthouse, shall be signed by Three of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise, and shall be granted in such manner and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the collecting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster; and that every such Maltster and Person to whom any such Licence shall be granted, shall be charged and chargeable with Duty, and shall be under and subject to ail and every the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained iu all and every such Act and A6is.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall make any Malt, or shall wet or deep, or shall have in his or her Possession any Corn or Grain wetted or steeped, wherewith and with Intent to make the fame into Malt without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for keeping a Malthouse, or without having made such Return and Certificate to the Collector of Excise as is by Law required to be made by every Person making Malt to be used by such Person for brewing Beer or Ale for his or her private Use and Consumption and not for Sale, every such Person not having such Licence in force, or not having made such Return and Certificate as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Miideraeanor shall have been committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of such Person, and unless sufficient Bail shall be given to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person be or (he shall plead thereto without having time to traverse the fame 5 and it shall be lawful for the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to infltft such Punishment on such Person for the First Offence as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors, and for the Second Offence to sentence such Person so convicted, to be transported for the Term of Seven Years,

XVI. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs

in Ireland, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that, from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of the said Act, if any Person in Ireland shall receive or have in his or her Custody or Pof. 4 session any Carriage which shall have been sold or disposed of to such Person at any time after the Expiration of such Calendar Month, and of the Sale and Disposal whereof due Notice shall not have been given according to the Directions of the said Act, every such Person shall be liable to and shall be charged with and pay Double the Duty which such Person ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in respect of such Carriage, for the Year in any Part of which such Carriage shall have so been in the Custody or Possession erf

such Person without such Notice having been given as aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as is herein recited; Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this

Ad, so much of the said last recited Act as is herein immediately before recited shall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

XVII. And, for the more easy Collection of the Duties payable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon Hides and Skins tanued, and upon Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; Be it enacted, That in all cases where any Duties payable by any Tanner, Basil Tanner, Currier, Spanish Leather Dresser or other Dresser of Hides or Skins, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties are by Law made due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Diffrid in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and difirain all or any Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, whether the same shall have been tanned or dressed or not, and all or any Vellum or Parchment in any Tanyard, Tanhouse or other Yard or Workhouse, Mill, Store or other Place used by any such Tanner or other Person respectively for the tanning, dressing, drying or keeping any Hides or Skins, or any Pieces thereof, or for making or keeping any Vellum or Parchment, and to cauie the same to be sold by public Auction, giving Six* Days previous Notice thereof; and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Tanner, Basil Tanner, Currier, Spanish Leather Dresser or other Dresser of Hides or Skins, or from any such Maker of VeHum or Parchment, together with the Coils and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Person or his Representatives: Provided

*6 B % always,

Commissioners of Excise empowered to License M^lc-houses of any Dimensions.

Licences may be refused or withdrawn.

Licences fumed by Three Com--miffidners, and subject to Regulations of eailting Laws.

Person* making Malt without Licence or Regillry.

Misdemeanor.

Second Offence.

49 <5. 3- c. h 1 a. repealed.

75-

Collector oflyt-cife may issue Warrant and distrain Tanner* and Leather Dresser* for Arrears of Duties*

916

Wool sold by Farming Society exempt from Au£Uon Duty.

Penalties how levied, Sec.

14 k I ? Car. 2. (I.)S*IK 4 c.S. 46 G. j. c. 106.

Appeal.

[Commencement of Act.]

C. 97, 98. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

always, that when any of the Articles aforesaid shall be fa taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or his Representatives, at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to require the same to be delivered up to him or them upon his or their paying to the Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Articles as he or they shall desire to have delivered up, and the fame may be delivered up accordingly.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be charged on the Sale by Auction by the Farming Society of Ireland, or by the Cork Institution at any Public Sale Room of the said Society or Institution, of any Wool the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and sent to the said Society or Inilitution to be disposed of, so as such Sale be the first Sale thereof, and be made for the Account of the Owner of the Land, or of the Person occupying the Land on which such Wool was grown.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, except such as are specially provided for, shall be levied and paid in British Currency, and shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such way9 and means, and according to such Rules and Directions as are appointed, directed and expressed for levying or recovering any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or New Impofi upon Hit Ifaje/iy, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or A<Sls in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect immediately from and after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing thereof and not sooner; except in cases where' any other Period i9 expressly mentioned for the Commencement of any Clause or Provision hereinbefore contained.

CAP. XCVIII.

An A£fc to permit Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Fitiijlerre, and Com to be imported from any such Port, and from the Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, under Licences granted by the Collectors and Controllers of the Customs.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majestjr, intituled

9. An Act to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and9Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finifferre, and Corn to be imported from such Port, and from the Coajl of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations; which Act by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present 9.13* Majesty, intituled An Act to continue an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for per-

' witting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma,

and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Island9, in American Ships coming in Ballajl; and amend4 and continue an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape

Finifferre, and Corn to be imported from such Port, and from the Coajl of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, was continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and extended to Cocoa the Growth or Produce of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, it is lawful for any

4 of His Majesty's Subjects to ship in any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, any

Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa of the Growth and Produce of any such Colony or Plantation respectively, and to export the fame direct to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Fiuiflerre, and to import into the said Colonies or Plantations any Sort of Corn or Grain direct from any such Port in Europe, or from any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, in such Ships or Vessels, and under certain Reffridfions, Regulations and Forfeitures as are therein particularly

described, appointed, limited and enacted for that Purpose: And whereas the Provisions under which such Exportation from the British Colonies, and Importations into the fame, to and from the Places in Europe and Africa hereinbefore described are allowed, have been found inconvenient* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Sugar, fcc. may Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Ve exported from from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall be lawful for Atmric!i>nSan an? His Majesty's Subjects to ship in any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations in America, PoTtinKurw/ any Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, being of the Growth and Produce of any such Colony or Plantation resptc-and Corn nn* tively and to export the fame direct to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre; and to orted from any import into the said Colonies or Plantations any Sort of Corn or Grain direct from any such Ports in Europe, such Pert, Set. y or

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 98.

or from any Port or Place on the Coast of Africd to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, in such Ships or Vessels, and under such Licences, Entries, Securities, Reflations, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein after particularly described, appointed and limited for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa shall be shipped or laden in any of the said Colonies or Plantations for the Purpose of being carried to a Port in Europe, to the Southward of Cape Fimjlerre, except in Briti/L-huWt Ships owned, navigated and registered according to Law, nor unless a, Licence shall have been fir (I taken out for that Purpose under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Controller of the Port at which such Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa is intended to be shipped or laden, the Form of which Licence shall be settled under the Direction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, subject to the Regulations and on the Conditions hereafter mentioned; that is to say, that Notice be first given in Writing by the Master or by One or more Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector and Controller of such Port of the Intention of such Master or Owner or Owners, that such Ship or Vessel shall when laden proceed direct to some Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Fimjlerre, and export from thence, or from some Port or Place on the Coast of Africa, to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, Corn or Grain to be carried direct to the Colony or Plantation from which such Ship or Vessel shall have tail d, and the Person or Persons intending to ship such Sugar, CofTee or Cocoa shall then make Oath before the Collector and Controller of the said Port, (which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to adrninifler) that it is his or their full Intention and Resolution to load such Ship or Vessel with Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa f >r Exportation direct to some Port in Europe, to the Southward of Cape Fimjlerre, and to no other Place whatever, and the Master or Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel, together with the Person or Persons so intending to ship the said Coffee, frail thereupon enter into Bond to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of the Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, with Condition that in case a Licence shall be granted giving Liberty to such Ship or Vessel to lade and carry Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and to export from thence or from any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Thirtieth Degree of North Latitude, any Sort of Corn or Grain direct to the Colonies or Plantations as aforesaid, that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed direct to some legal Port of Deft illation specifying the fame, and that no Goods whatever except Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa shall be taken on board, unless it shall be for the necessary Use of such Ship or Vessel during her Voyage, and also that before the Expiration of Two Years from the Date of such Licence the same shall be delivered up to the Collector or Controller of the Customs of the Port where the Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa wa9 shipped and laden, together with a Certificate signed and sealed by the Consul or Two known British Merchants of good Credit at the Port or Place where such Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa was landed, certifying the Landing thereof, with the Number of Casks or other Packages of such Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa so landed, and the Mark, Number and Contents of each Cask or Package, together with the Name of the Ship and Master, and that he or they verily believe that no other Goods than Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa have been there landed out of such Ship or Vessel.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel licensed by virtue of this Act, shall take on board in any of the said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, or in her Voyage from thence, any Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa being the Produce of any Foreign Colony or Plantation, all such Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa so laden on board such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited and lost, together with Double the Value thereof, and the Master and Shipper thereof shall severally forfeit Double the Value of the Goods so laden contrary to the Direction of this Act, to he recovered in the Court of Vice Admiralty held in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of His Majesty's Plantations in Americas at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor 5 One Third Part to be for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One Third Part to the Governor of the Colony, and the other One Third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa shall be laden or put onboard any Ship or Vessel in the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, by virtue of a Licence to be granted under the Authority of this Act, to be carried to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, the Merchant or other Person intending to export any Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, in such Ship or Vessel, shall, before the fame or any Part thereof is shipped or put on board, make an Entry or Entries of such Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, in Writing, with the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, expressing the Name of the Ship and the Master on which such Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, is to be laden, and where she lies, and also the Place, Quay or Wharf, where the fame is to be laden or first waterborne in order to be laden* which shall he within such Port only where a Custom House is established, and where an Officer or Officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading and shipping thereof, or at such Place or Places as shall be mentioned in a Sufferance or Warrant to be taken out from the Collector and Comptroller for that Purpose, and shall thereon take out from the said Collector and Comptroller, a Cocquet or Warrant accordingly, whereon shall he indorsed by the Exporter, the Marks, Numbers and Contents, Sorts or proper Denomination of such Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, and shall deliver the Cocquet or Warrant so indorsed to the Searcher or other Officer appointed for the examining and shipping thereof, and shall ship or lade such Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, in the Pre-fer.ee of such Officer or Officers, or at such Place or Places as shall be mentioned in the said Sufferance or Warrant, that the proper Officer or Officers may attend the shipping thereof, and such Officer or Officer are hereby empowered to examine the fame before they are put on board; and if upon examining the said Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, which shall be shipped or brought to be shipped by virtue of such Cocquet or Warrant cither before or after the shipping thereof, the Number of Casks or Packages shall be greater than is indorsed

thereon,

917

Sugar, kc. not exported but in Bi itiih-builr Ships, nor un-lets Licence ob. t, lined and R*-gulatioiia ob-served.

Bond

Shipping Sugar, &c. Produce of Foreign Plantation.

[Penalty.]

Entry made before Sugar, Coffee, kc. shipped.

Regulations oh-fervtd in shipping Article*

If Fraud discovered in flopping Goods, fulicited, &c.

918

Penalty

Penal; y.

Bond on granting Licence delivered up after complying with Conditions.

-Complying w'rh Conditions of Licence, Corn may be imported into Colonies.

15 Car.a. c. 7.

How Penalties prosecuted and applied.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Granting false Certificate, altering Licence, &c. Penalty.

C. 98. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

thereon, or if there shall be found any other Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, but such as shall be so indorsed on such Cocquet or Warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, or any other Goods than Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa* shall be discovered to have been laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty to trade to Parts to the Southward of Cape Finisterre by virtue of this Act, or shall be brought to be shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, or shall be put into any Hoy, Lighter, Boat or other Vessel, in order to be put on board such Ship or Vessel before such Entry or taking out such Cocquet or Warrant, indorsing and delivering of the fame, and not being shipped in the manner aforesaid, but shall be put on board or attempted to be put on board contrary to the Directions of this Act, all such Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, and other Goods so shipped or brought to be shipped in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, as also the Hoy, Lighter, Boat or other Vessel or Carriage whatever, employed in shipping or attempting to ship any Goods other than Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, together with the Ship or Vessel on which such other Goods shall be laden, and the Owner of such Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa or other Goods, shall forfeit Double the Value thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice Admiralty held in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or in any other Court of Record in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; One Third Part to be to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, One Third Part to the Governor of the said Colony, and the other One Third Part to the Informer or Prosecutor; and before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the said Colonies with the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, laden as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking Charge thereof, shall receive the said Licence from the Collector or Comptroller, with a Certificate indorsed thereon or affixed thereto, under their Hands and Seals of Office, who are to make Two Copies of such Licence, Indorsements or Certificates, for all which Entries, Cocquets, Indorsements and Certificates, or Copies, no more shall be taken by the said Officers than the legal and accustomed Fees, and the Master or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship, shall Before he receives the said Licence attest the said Copies under his Hand, which are to be left with the Collector and Comptroller, who are hereby required, as soon as conveniently they can, to transmit One of the said Copies of the Indorsements or Certificates to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and record in a Book to be kept for that Purpose the Notice in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel, the Affidavit of the Shipper, the Licence granted for the Exportation of the Sugar, Coffee or Cocoa, together with the Clearance; but in case any Goods besides Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa, shall be found on board or carried by any such Ship or Vessel to any Foreign Parts other than such as are limited by this Act, then the Liberty granted by such Licence shall cease and become void and of none Effect, and such Ship or Vessel, and also the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and all others concerned, shall be subject and liable to all and every the same Penalties and Forfeitures as they would have been subject and liable to in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon such Licence being returned to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where the Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa was shipped, and an Account of the Lading being indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, and also upon such Certificate of the Con fill, or Two known British Merchants of good Credit, being produced as aforesaid, and the several other Matters and Things required by this Act being duly complied with within Two Years from the Date of such Licence, the Bond given before granting such Licence shall be discharged and delivered up; any thing in the said Bond or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, otherwise such Bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be prosecuted in the manner directed by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Master or Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel conforming in every respect to the Terms and Conditions of the said Licence and Bond, and obtaining a Certificate from the Consul or Two known British Merchants as aforesaid, at the Port where the Sugar, Coffee and.Cocoa may have been landed, it shall and may be lawful for such Ship or Vessel to ship or load in the Port of Delivery, or at any Port or Place on the Coast of Africa to the Northward of the Latitude of Thirty Degrees North, any Sort of Corn or Grain the Produce of Europe or Africa for Exportation, direct to the said Colonies or Plantations, and there land the fame; any thing contained in an Act made in England in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, or any other Act or Acts in force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act (except where it is otherwise provided) shall and may be prosecuted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, One Moiety whereof to be for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute and recover the fame, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become Nonsuit or forbear the Prosecution, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as in cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall grant a false Certificate, or counterfeit, erase or alter any Licence, Oath or Certificate which shall be made or given pursuant to this Act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use thereof, such Person or Persons mall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of in the manner directed by this Act 5 and such Licence, Oath or Certificate so falsified, counterfeited, erased or altered, shall be invalid and of no Effect.

8 CAP.

52° GEORGII

III. C-99, 100, 10 I.

919

Any Vessel described in 45 G. 3- c. 57. may come in Ballad, or import into and export from Bahama Blands Articles allowed, an 1 also may export Salt fuhje& to Regulations imposed by 28 G. 3. c. 6.

12 Car. 2.C. 18.

Salt exported without Bond required by 6 G. 3. c.s2*

§ #o.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Bahama Islands, and exported therefrom in Foreign Vessels; and for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the said Islands.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Provision should be made for encouraging the Exportation of

Salt from the Bahama Islands 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for any Foreign Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel whatever, described in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, to come in Ballad, or to import into any Port of the Bahama Islands where there is a Custom House, the Articles allowed in the said Act to be so imported, and also to export the Articles allowed in the said Act to be so exported, conformably with the Regulations of the said Act 5 and also to export Salt, subject to the Duty of Tonnage, and under the Regulations imposed by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India Islands and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; any thing in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for any British Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, to export from any Port of the said Bahama Islands any Quantity of Salt, without entering into the Bond and Security required by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations granted by several Acts of Parliament, and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain, and for granting or her Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating and-securing several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom and the British Dominions in America.

CAP. C.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majesty V Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Exportation of any Goods or Commodities of the Manufac-

ture of Europe, and also of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall have been legally imported,

and also Prize Goods from any one of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said

Islands, or to any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America % and from any one of the said BrUish Colonies on the Continent of America, to any of the said Islands in the West Indies, or to any other of the said British Colonies on the Continent of America, in the same manner as is permitted from certain Islands

named in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Mer chandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Subjects to export in any British-built Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, from any one of the Islands in the West Indies belonging to His Majesty to any other of the said Islands, or to any of the British Colonies on the Continent < f America, and from any one of the said British Colonies in America to any of the Islands in the West Indies belonging to His Majesty, or to any other British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of Americat any Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Manufacture of Europe, and also any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or Prize Goods, which shall have been legally imported into any of the said Islands or Colonies, under the Rules,

Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act mentioned.

CAP. Cl.

An Act to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses of Trusts created for Charitable Purposes.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide a more summary Remedy in cases of Breaches of Trusts created

for Charitable Purposes, as well as for the just and upright Administration of the fame; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, in cases of That, from and after the passing of this Act, in every case of a Breach of any Trust or supposed Breach of any Brea h of Trust, Trust created for Charitable Purposes, or whenever the Direction or Order of a Court of Equity shall be Petition pre-

r deemedftmedtoChaiu

45 G. 3. c. 5.

Goods exported in British-builc Vessels from any one West. India Island to another; and also from any Colony to another in America, &c.

cellor, Sec. who shall hear the fame in a fuprimary way, and make Order therein.

Appeal to House of Lords.

Petitions signed and certified, Sec.

Proceedings not liable to Stamp Duty.

Memorial of Deeds, &c. respecting Chari-t.ihle Donations already founded jregilltared.

The like of Chariubh Donations hereafter founded.

Clerks of the Peace to provide proper Books wherein registries made.

Notice given in London Gazette if Persons benefited shall not be wholly within cme Cvunty.

C. 10i, 102. 5 2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

deemed necessary for the Administration of any Trust for Charitable Purposes, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Persons to present a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, or to the Court of Exchequer, dating such Complaint, and praying such Relief as the Nature of the case may require; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Commissioners for the Custody of - the Great Seal, and for the Mader of the Rolls, and the Court of Exchequer, and they are hereby required to hear such Petition in a summary way, and upon Affidavits or such other Evidence as shall be produced upon such hearing to determine the fame, anti to make such Order therein, and with respect to the Coth of such Applications as to him or them shall seem just; and such Ol der shall be final and conclusive, unless the Party or Parties who shall think himself or thein-selves aggrieved thereby shall, within Two Years from the time when such Order shall have been passed and entered by the proper Officer, have preferred an Appeal from such Docifion to the House of Lords, to whom it is hereby enacted and declared that an Appeal shall lie from such Order.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Petition so to be preferred as aforesaid shall be signed by the Persons preferring the fame, in the Presence of and shall be attested by the Solicitor or Attorney concerned for such Petitioners, and every such Petition shall be submitted to and be allowed by His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General, and such Allowance shall be certified by him before any such Petition shall be presented.

III. And be it further enacted, That neither the Petitions, nor any Proceedings upon the fame or relative thereto, nor the Copies of any such Petitions or Proceedings, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever.

CAP. CII.

An Act for the registering and securing of Charitable Donations.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS Charitable Donations have been given for the Benefit of poor and other Persons in England and Wales to a very considerable Amount, and many of the aforesaid Donations appear to have been loft, and others, from the Neglect of Payment and the Inattention of those Persons who ought to superintend*them, are in Danger of being loft, or rendered very difficult to be preserved Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Memorial or Statement of the Real and Personal Estate, and of the Grofa Annual Income, Investment, and the general and particular Objects of all and every Charity and Charities, and Charitable Donations, for the Benefit of any poor or other Persons in any Place in England and Wales, which shall have been founded, established, made, benefited, increased or secured, together with the Names of the respective Founders of or Benefadtors thereto, where known, and also of the Person or Persons in whose Custody, Possession or Controul, the Deeds, Wills and other Instruments whereby such Charities or Charitable Donations shall have been founded, established, made, benefited, increased or secured, may be, and also of the Names of the then Trullee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, Possessoror Possessors of such Real or Personal Estate, shall, from and after Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, be registered by such Person or Persons who shall then be the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, Possessor or Possessors thereof, or some or one of such Persons, in manner and in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the County, or City or Town, being a County of itself, within which such poor or other Persons shall be; and such Memorial or Statement shall be signed by such Person or Persons causing the same to be registered and left in the said Office of such Clerk of the Peace, who shall forthwith transmit a Duplicate or Copy of the fame unto the Enrolment Office of the High Court of Chancery.

II. And be it further enacted, That wherever any such Chanty or Charitable Donations shall be founded, established, made or benefited, increased or secured by any Deed, Will or other Instrument hereafter to be made or executed by any Person or Persons, that then a like Memori ! or Statement, according to the Directions hereinbefore contained, shall be registered, and left and transmitted as aforesaid, by such Person or Persons as are hereinbefore mentioned, within Twelve Months after the Decease of such Person or Persons by whom any such Will, Deed or Deeds, or other In liniment shall have been made or executed.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of such Regillries of such Memorials or Statements, the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of each and every County or City or Town, being a County of itself, or Riding within England and Wales, shall, as there shall be Occasion, provide proper Books of Parchment or Vellum, wherein such Regitlera shall be made and entered; and every such original Memorial or Statement, and every such Book provided as aforesaid, shall be carefully kept and preserved for Public Use and Inspection in the Office to which it shall belong, together with a correct Index, to be made from time to time by such Clerk of the Peace, of such Charities and Charitable Donations, distinguishing each by the Name of the original or first Donor or Founder thereof, where known, or the Appellation or Title most generally used for such Charity or Charitable Donations.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Persons to be benefited by any such Charity or Charitable Donations as aforesaid shall not be wholly within any one County, then, and in such case such Clerk of the Peace of the County where any such Charity or Charitable Donation shall be registered, shall forthwith notify in the London Gazette the Name or Title thereof, according to tire Appellation or Title used in the Index aforesaid, and the Names of the several Places wherein the Objects of such Charity or Charitable Donations shall be, and the particular or general Objects thereof, and also the Name of the County wherein such Memorial or Statement shall have been registered.

52° GEORGII III.

C.J02. 92I

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Charity or Charitable Donation shall not be duly memorialized, Hated and registered according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Two persons or more, interested in such Charity or Charitable Donation, to present a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or Master of the Rolls for the time being, or the Court of Exchequer, complaining thereof; and they are hereby required to hear such Petition in a summnry way, and upon Affidavits, or such other Evidence as Hi all be produced upon such hearing, to determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and with respect to the Costs of such application and Proceedings, as to him or them Hull seem lit, and which Order shall be final and conclusive.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proceedings under the Provisions hereinbefore

mentioned, shall extend or be construed to extend to decide any Right or Title as to the Property that shall be so registered, or as to the Persons who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled, to the Benefit thereof, or any Interest therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Clerk of the Peace of the several Counties and Ridings in England and Wales, shall, a9 often as required, make Searches concerning all Memorials and Statements directed by this Act to be entered in his or their Office as aforesaid, and shall also give Copies of the fame under his Hand, if required by any Person what foe ver, who finli tender or be willing to pay him the Sum or Sums herein after directed to be allowed to him for such Copies of such Memorials or Statements as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace shall be allowed for the registering every such Memorial or Statement as is by this Act directed, the Sum of Pour Shillings, and no more, in case the fame do not exceed Four hundred Words, but if such Memorial or Statement shall exceed Four hundred Words, then after the Rate and Proportion of One Shilling an Hundred for all the Words contained in such Entry, and the like Fees for the like Number of Words contained in every Copy of any Entry given out of the said Regiller, and no more; and for every Notification in the London Ga % ettey the Colts of such Notification, and the further Sum of Ten Shillings for drawing and inferring the fame, and transmitting the Duplicate or Copy hereinbefore mentioned uuto the Enrolment Office of the High Court of Chancery, anti no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Difficulty shall occur in making and preparing such Memorial or Statement as aforesaid, so as to render it necessary to employ any longer time than is allowed by the Provisions of this Act for registering such Memorial or Statement as hereinbefore is mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County, or City or Town, being a County of itself, wherein such Memorial or Statement is intended to be registered, to allow, on Application made to them, and on Examination of the Circumstances, such further time, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as to such Court shall seem necessary to be given for the Purpose of duly registering such Memorial or Statement as hereinbefore is mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Quarter Sessions of the County, or City or Town, being a County of itself, wherein such Statement or Memorial shall have been registered, to allow such reasonable Costs and Charges attending the preparing and registering, notifying and transmitting such Memorial or Statement, with Reference to the Income of the Charity or Charitable Donation, to such Person or Persons causing the same to be registered, as such Court shall think fit 5 and it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons who shall have caused such Memorial or Statement to be registered, to dedud out of the Income, Funds, Rents and Profits in his or their Hands of such Qharity or Charitable Donation so by him or them memorialized and dated and registered, the Sum and Sums so allowed, and no more: Provided always, that the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall not allow any Sum whatever for and in respect of such Costs and Charges, unless it shall be Hated to them upon the Declaration in Writing of the Person or Persons applying for such Allowance, and finned by him or them, that such Memorial or Statement is to the best of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief true in every respect, and that it doth contain to the best of his, her or their Knowledge and Belief, a true and full Account of the Real and Personal Estate, annual gross Income, Investment, and the particular or general Objects of the Charity or Charitable Donation of which such Memorial or Statement shall have been registered, together with the Names of the respective Donors or Benefadars thereto, where known, and also of the Person or Persons in whose Custody, Possession or Controul, the Deeds, Wills and other Instruments hereinbefore mentioned, shall at such time be, and also the Names of the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, Possessor or Possessors of such Real and Personal Estate: Provided always, that none of the Provisions hereinbefore contained shall be construed to extend to any Charity or Charitable Donation not issuing out of or secured upon any Land?, Tenements or Hereditaments, or directed by the Founder or Donor thereof to be secured thereon, or to be permanently invested in Government or any Public Stocks or Funds, nor to any Charitable Donation whatsoever, which by the Direction of the Donor thereof, or by the lawful Rules of any Charitable Institution whatsoever, may be wholly or in part expended in and about the Charitable Purposes for which the fame may have been given, at the Discretion of the Governors, Directors, Managers, or the Trustee or Trustees of such Charitable Institution at any time whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to any Hospital, School or other Charitable Institution whatsoever, which shall have been founded, improved or regulated by or under the Authority of the King's Most Excellent Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors, or of any special Act of Parliament thereunto particularly relating 5 nor to any Charitable Donation under the Superintendence of any such Hospital, School or Institution, nor to the Governors of the Corporation of the Charity for the Relief of Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, nor to any Friendly Society, the Rules whereof shall have been confirmed according to the Provisions of the Act or Acts for the Encouragement and Relief 52 Geo. III. 6 C*of

If Donation? not rendered Petition present-cd to Lord Chancellor, 'cc.

Pr^ccelh'gs not to decide K*j, ht # or Title.

Clerk of Pc-tee to make Searches, a.'.d give Co; e» of Registers.

Allowance t» Clerk of the Peace;

and to Person-inferring Notification in Gazette.

Further time allowed to re-gider Memorial where D.fficitl-ties occur in preparing fame.

Cods attending prepjring Memorials allowed.

Not to extend

to Donation not secured upon I.mds; nor to ChniuMe Insti-tutions.

A<fl not to extend to any Roya! Foundations; 11 >r to certain Instiiu-tions.

922. C. 102, 103. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

of Friendly Societies; nor to either of the Uni verfi ties of Oxford or Cambriage, nor to any College or Hall thereto belonging, nor to any Charitable Bequest, Devise, Gift or Foundation whatsoever belonging thereto, or under the Controul, Direction, Superintendence or Management of the said Universities or either of them, or any College or Hall therein respectively; nor to the Radcliffe Infirmary within the University of Oxford; nor to the Colleges of Westminster, Eton or Winchester, or any of them; nor to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England and Wales; nor to the Charter House; nor to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond; nor to any Funds applicable to Charitable Purposes for the Benefit of any Persons of the Jewish Nation.

Nor to Chaiita-

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Charitable Foundation or ble Intittoiioiift Donation which shall have been or shall be given to and for the Benefit of any Person or Persons of the Society

of Qu. kers. of people called Quakers, and which shall be under the^Superintendence and Controul of Persons of that Persuasion*

Nor to Chariu-

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any ble Foundations, Charity or Charitable Donation or Foundation, the Accounts of the Income and Expenditure whereof shall Accounts of have been directed to be annually passed in the High Court of Chancery, nor to any Charity or Charitable

uch aredirett- j)dnation or Foundation, the annual gross Income whereof shall not exceed Forty Shillings, and of which the

ui Court of Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, Possessor or Possessors, some or one of them, shall within Six Months

Chancery, &c. after the pnflijig of this Act deposit in the Hands of the Minister of the Parish wherein any of the Objects of such Charity, Charitable Donation or Foundation shall be, a written Memorial or Statement in like form as in the Schedule hereunto aunexed is contained, and which by such Minister shall be forthwith deposited in the Parish Cliefl.

Divers Charities

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Body Corporate, Guild or Fraternity, shall be entrusted flaied in with the Possession or Distribution of divers Charities or Charitable Donations or Foundations, or of the Rents

Memorial. and Profits thereof, that in such cases all such Charities, Charitable Donations and Foundations, may be re-

pilfered and dated in one and the fame Memorial.

General Saving, XV. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to all other Persons, such Power of super-intending and regulating Charities and Charitable Establishments, and the Property and Funds thereof, as they respectively had before the making of this Act.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A MEMORIAL or Statement in pursuance of an Act for the registering and securing of Charitable Donations; whereby it is declared by the Undersigned [state the Name or Names of the Persons who sign the Memorial or Statement] That the Real or Personal Estate [Jlate this as the case may be] 01 the [state the Titlk, or Appellation of the Charity or Charitable Donation] consists of [fate this 4s the case may be; and if Real Ed ate, whether it be in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of what Tenure, and where the fame arefituatt, or whether of any Charge or Incumbrance on any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and where situate: and if Personal Estate, describe the Nature of it, and how secured j and the Gross Annual Income anfing therefrom amounts to [state the Sum] and the Objects of which Charity or Charitable Foundation are [state the general or particular Objects of the Charity ] and which Charity qr Charitable Foundation was, according to the befl of my [or, our, as the case may be] Knowledge and Belief, founded by [state by whom; and if benefited, inertafed or secured by any other PerJ'on, state the fame and by whom] and the Deeds, Wills and other Instruments [fidte this as the case may be; and if no Deeds, Wills or other Instruments exist, fate the Jhme] are, to the best of my [or, our, as the case may be] Knowledge and Belief, in the Custody, Possession or Controul [state this as the case may be] of [fate the Name of the Body Corporate or natural Person] and the Trustees, Feoffees or Possessor [state this as the case may be] of the said Real and Personal Estate [state this as the case may be] are, to the best of my [or, our, as the case may be] Knowledge and Belief [state the Name of the Body Corporate or natural Person, as the case may be J. (Signed) A.B.

C.D.

E.F.

Trustee or Trustees, Feoffees, Possessor or Possessors of the Real or Personal Estate [as the case may be] of the Charity or Charitable Donation hereby memorialized and registered.

Cap. chi.

Ships not to lose Benefit of Filing Vo^ase though Matter has not taken Oath in G. B. See.

'5 0.3. c. 92.

I 37. 33-

An Act for the more easy Manning of Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for giving further Facility to the Manning of

Ships and Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, the Master of which shall have taken the Oath or made the Declaration of Fidelity and Allegiance to His Majesty, required by an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Southern Whale Fisheries, shall lose the Benefit of any Fishing Voyage, by reason that the said Master mail not have taken the Oath or made the Declaration of hi* having already established, or of its being his Intention to establish himself and Family in Great Britain, or by reason that all or any of the Foreign Protestants employed as Mariners in navigating such Ship or Vessel shall not have taken either of the hud Oaths, or made either of the said Declarations.

3 CAP.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the administering or taking Unlawful Oaths.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled W An Act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of Unlawful Oaths: And whereas it 37 S« ct IZ3* is expedient that more effectual rroviftons mould be made as to certain Oaths* Be it therefore enacted by the Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Administering Person who shall in any Manner or Form whatsoever, administer or cause to be administered, or be aiding or iind taK, n£ of assisting at the administering of any Oath or Engagement, purporting or intending to bind the Person taking Ul*, awlu the same to commit any Treason or Murder, or any Felony, punishable by Law with Death, shall, on Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy; and every Person who shall take any such Oath or Engagement, not being compelled thereto, shall, on Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported as a Felon for the Term of his natural Life, or for such Term of Years as the Court before which the said Offender or Offenders shall be tried shall adjudge.

II. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That Compulsion shall not justify or excuse any Person Personscom-

taking such Oath or Engagement, unless he or she shall, within Fourteen Days after the taking thereof, P^1*1 tw t.if not prevented by actual Force or Sickness, and then within Fourteen Days after the Hindrance produced the'"

by such Force or Sickness shall cease, declare the fame, together with the Whole of what, lie or she shall declare fame*know touching the fame, and the Person or Persons by whom, and in whole Presence, and when and where within 14 Days, such Oath or Engagement was administered or taken, by Information on Oath before One of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace, or One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or His Majesty's Privy Council; or in case the Person taking such Oath or Engagement shall be in actual Service in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, then by such Information on Oath as aforesaid, or by Information to his Commanding Officer.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person who before he shall be charged with any Persons onfefT-

Offence under the said recited Act or this Act, in taking any Oath pr Engagement described in the said re- in2» before being cited Act or this Act, shall, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, appear before some Justice indcm'

of the Peace or Magistrate, and declare the fame, and the Oath or Engagement lb taken, and when and where ni c

the fame was taken, and in what Manner, and who shall at the same time take before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty, shall be and is hereby indemnified against any Prosecution for any Offence under the said recited Act or this Act; and no Confession so made by any such Person shall be given in Evidence against the Person making the same in any Court or in any case whatever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Persons aiding and assisting at the administering of any such Oath or Persons aiding, Engagement as aforesaid, and Persons causing any such Oath or Engagement to be administered, though not &c. deemed present at the administering thereof, shall be deemed Principal Offenders, and shall be tried as such, and on Priac, Palj. Conviction thereof by due Course of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as Felons,

without Benefit of Clergy, although the Persons or Person who actually administered such Oath or Engagement, if any such there mall be, shall not have been tried or convicted.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Indictment against any Person or Persons In Indi&menw administering or causing to be administered or taken, or taking any such Oath or Engagement as aforesaid, sufficient to let or aiding or assisting at, or present at and consenting to the administering or taking thereof, to set forth the

Words of such Oath or Engagement, and that it shall be sufficient to set forth the Purport of such Oath or uc 1 at 8* Engagement, or some material Part thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Engagement or Obligation whatsoever, in the Engagement is Nature of an Oath, purporting or intending to bind the Person taking the same to commit any Treason or Nature of Oath Murder, or any Felony punishable by Law with Death, shall be deemed an Oath within the Intent and Mean- (leemed one» ing of this Act, in whatever Form or Manner the same shall be administered or taken, and whether the same shall be actually administered by any Person or Persons to any other Person or Persons, or taken by any other Person or Persons without any Administration thereof by any other Person or Persons.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Offence committed against this Act, on the High Where Offence Seas or out of this Realm, or within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall and may be prosecuted, prosecuted. tried and determined before any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, for any County, in that Part of Great Britain called England, in such Manner and Form as if such Offence had been therein committed; and if committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may be prosecuted, tried and determined, either before the Judiciary Court at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That any Person who shall be tried and acquitted or con- Persons tried rifted of any Offence against this Act, shall not be liable to be indicted, prosecuted or tried again for the fame

Offence or raft, as High Treason or Misprision of High Treason; and that nothing in this Act contained Offence, shall be construed to extend to prohibit any Person guilty of any Offence against this Act, and who shall not imt tried as for be tried for the same as an Offence against this Act, from being tried for the same as High Treason or Mif- High Treason, prifion of High Treason, in such manner as if this Act had not been made. &c*

6C 2

924 C. 105. 52° GEORGII m. A.D. 1812.

48 G. 3. c. 107.

37 G. 3. c. 4.

42 G. 3. c. 90.

42 G. 3. c. 91.

43 O. 3. c.jc. 43 G. 3. C. 82.

43 G. 3-C. 83.

44 G. 3. c. 56. 44 G. 3. c. 66.

47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 71.

49 G. 3. c. 53.

50 G. 3. c. 24.

51 G. 3. c. 30.

Secretiry at War, See. empowered to call for Returns of Sums received by Clerks of General or Subdivi-fioo Meetings, and other Persons.

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year o( His present Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others, in relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution and securing the due Application thereof.

[9th July 1812 ]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

\ 1 Ad to enable the Secretary at IPar to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivifrs and

others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties and Ref dues of Sums, due under certain Acts relating to the Defence 1 of the Realm, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to Persons entitled thereto: And whereas; t 4 is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act shoulci be continued and amended and extended: And whereat

an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raifng a certain Num-

her of Men in the several Counties in England, for the Service of His Majesty's Army and Navy: And whereas

an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws

relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And whereas an Act passed : n the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to raise and efallish a Militia Force in Scotland: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the morefpeedily

completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under Two Acts passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts: And whereas an Act paffecj in the Forty third Year of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more efftdually to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Profeciition of the War; and of another Act passed in the Forty' third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and cdfemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England: And whereas an Act.

passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland .* And whereas an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the speedy completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increasing the famey under certain Limitations and Rcjlridions: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for completing the Militia of Great Britain: And whereas an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Lift Session of Parliament for completing the Militia of Great Britain, and to make further Provision for completing the said Militia: And whereas an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain toenlift annually into the Regular Forces, and to provide for the gradual Reduction of the said Militia: And whereas large Sums of Money have from time to time been paid, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and other Acts, and have otherwise come into, and now remain in the Hands of Clerks of Subdivision Meetings and other Persons; which Sums ought to be speedily recovered from the said Clerks of Subdivisions and other Persons, and paid and distributed to the Persons entitled thereto, so far as the fame may be practicable, and the Remainder, if any, be applied to the Public Service: But by reason of the Want of proper Returns, and of adequate Powers for enforcing Returns relating tp such Sums of Money, such Sums cannot be ascertained, distributed and applied 5 and it is therefore expedient and necessary that further and additional and more effectual Powers should be given for enforcing Returns and Payment of all such Sums of Money, and for enabling the Secretary at War to ascertain and enforce the due Return and Application of all Fines, Bounties and Sums of Money under the said recited Aft3, and all other Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm and Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps, and such additional Forces as aforesaid, and to the Regular and Local Militia, and enlisting and volunteering into either of such Forces Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to require from any Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, or from any Person who shall have acted or may hereafter aft as Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, in the Execution of any of the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm, or the Regular or Local Militia, or from their Representatives, and also from any Person or Persons who may have had or shall now have, or shall hereafter have in his or their Hands any Fines or Moieties of Fines paid under any of the said recited Aft6, or any Monies arising from any Half PartB or Residues of any Sums of Money paid by or on.account of any Persons ballotted to serve in the Militia or additional Force for the engaging of any Substitutes or Volunteers to be enrolled in their Stead, or from any Parishes or Places as Penalties for not having contributed their Quotas of Men aspreferibed by the said recited Acts or any other Acts as aforesaid, or from any Person or Persons to whom any such Fines, Moieties of Fines or Penalties, Half Parts or Residues shall have been or may hereafter be transferred or paid, or any other Fines, Bounties of Sums of Money under any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular or Local Militia, such Returns of all Monies arising from such Fines, Penalties, Half Parts or Residues of any such Sums of Money received by any such

Clerk*

A.D. 181^ 52° GEORGII III. -C. 105, to 6. 925

Clerks or other Persons, or Fines, Bounties and Sums of Money aforesaid, and all Matters and Particulars relating thereto; and that all such Returns shall be made out in such Form, and shall contain such Particulars, as shall be directed by the Secretary at War in that respect.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk or other Person who shall be called upon to make Clerks, &c. such Return, and shall wilfully refuse or needed so to do for Ten Days after receiving any Requisition for that , JesJe^'n? to Purpose from the Secretary at War, or shall wilfully insert in any such Return any false Statement of any e cturul* Matter required by the Secretary at War, under the Authority of this Act, to be ilated therein, shall forfeit pcn3ity. for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

ITT. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to make an Order upon Secretary at War such Clerk or other Person as aforesaid, to pay over any such Sum of Money as aforesaid t"o the Agent General of maY orc, cr the Militia an 1 D fence Acts, or to his separate Account, at the Bank of England; and every such Clerk or ^on^appear-other Pei ion as aforesaid, having any such Money in his Hands, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to pay over jn? Returns the fame according to any such Order, within Ten Days after the Receipt thereof; shall forfeit for every such to be in H.«nds Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and Double the Amount of the Money remaining in of Clerks, &c. his Hand3 at the time of such Order being made as aforesaid. Penalty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, to cause Secretary r.t all Accounts which may be rendered in pursuance of the said recited Acts and of this Act, to be duly ex- ^Var to cn, ! amined; and he is hereby authorized to p.ifs and allow the fame; and out of such Monies as may be recovered

in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act to satisfy, as far as may appear to him to be just and proper, all nm( lo auo; v*Demands which mey he made by any Persons claiming the Return of any such Fines, Penalties, Moieties of fame, and cin-Fines, Half Parts or Residues of Bounties, or other Sums as aforesaid, or any Payment in respect thereof. powered to ft-

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, may be tlc, y Demands recovered in the manner herein after directed, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, at the Suit

of His Majesty's Attorney General for England, or Advocate for Scotland in any of His Majesty's Courts of .\pp^c'tion of

Record at Westminster, or the Court of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Coun- Penalties.

ties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham, in England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland;

wherein no Essoign, Privilege or Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed;

and such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, when recovered, shall go and be applied to the Use of His '

Majesty.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Clerk or other Person, duly making all Mildnz Retemi

such Returns as shall be required of him under the Authority of this Act, and duly and faithfully paying to Order of overall Money in the manner prescribed by this Act, shall be and is hereby indemnified against and discharged \\ nr° hi7cmn'- from all Penalties, Forfeitures and Suits, to which he might have been liable by any former Acts, for any j: lom penat. Neglect in making Returns, or in not paying over any such Money; any thing in any Act or Acts to the tl sunder Contrary notwithstanding.*former Acts.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which any such Clerks of Sub- Penalties re-division Meetings or other Persons whatsoever, ' having in their Hands any such Fines, Moieties of Fines, Half covered tum-Parts, or Rtfidues of such Sums of Money, or any other Fines, Bounties or Sums of Money as aforesaid, i: l

and which shall not have been duly applied, shall refuse or neglect to make any such Return as is'prescribedxc*by this Act within Ten Days after being required so to do by the Secretary at War, or shall make an untrue

Return, or shall not within Ten Days after receiving such Order for the Payment of any Money as aforesaid pay the same accordingly, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and such Court is hereby authorized, on the Application of His Majesty's Attorney General for England, or of the Advocate for Scotland (as the case may be), by Motion to the said Court, in a summary way to hear and determine the Matter of such Application; and if upon Notice of such Application to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings or other Person as aforesaid, in respect of whom such Application shall have been made, no sufficient Cause shall be shewn for such Default, Neglect or Omission, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to assess such Penalties and Fine respectively as are hereinbefore imposed, and to cause the same to be levied by Dislringas or other Process applicable to the Nature of the cale, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for increasing the Duty on Rum and other Spirits imported into Newfoundland from the British Colonies and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty now payable on Rum and other Spirits imported into the

Idand of Newfoundland should cease and determine, and that other Duties should be imposed in lieu r thereof; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid upon every Gallon of Rum or other Spirits imported into the said Kland of Nev>foundland from any British Colony or Plantation in the West Indies a Duty of Six pence; and.upon every Gallon of Rum or other Spirits imported into the said Idand of Newfoundland from any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America, or from Great Britain or Ireland\ a Duty of One Shilling and Six pence; such Duties to be sued for, recovered and applied in the like manner and under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided in an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of

1 His

Duty p.iid for Rum imported into Newfoundland, v; z 6d. per (Gallon from West Indies, js. f»d. per Ci. lion from British Colonies in America,*

926 C. 106; — 109. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

jjG. 3.A 31. His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great §20. Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fi/lermen, Sailors

and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season.

3* G

§89.

3. c. 89.

Drawback of Duty allowed on Salt used in makin* Oxigi-nnted Muriatic Acid for bleach' ing of Linen, &c.

Drawback allow* cd for Salt so used for Six Months pad.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for extending the Allowance of the Duty on Salt used irf making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, to Salt used in making such Acid for bleaching Thread and Cotton Twist, [9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things for transferring the Management of Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, an Allowance or Drawback of the Duties on British Salt is made fojr such Salt as it < used, employed, spent and consumed in the preparing and making of Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for the*Purpose of being made use of in the bleaching of Linen and Cotton: And whereas it is expedient to extend the said Allowance in manner herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the whole Duties now payable on Salt of English Manufacture shall be drawn back and allowed for all Salt of English Manufacture which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid in England for the Purpose of being made use of in the bleaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twi/l; and also that the Duties now payable on Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland shall be drawn back and allowed for all Salt which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Acid as aforesaid in Scotland, for the Purpose of being made use of as aforesaid; and the Whole of the Duties payable on Salt of English Manufacture which within the Space of Six Months now last past shall have been uted, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Add in England\ for the Purpose of being made use of in the bleaching of Linen, or Cotton Yarn or Twist; and also the Whole of the Duties payable on Salt of the Manufacture of Scotland, which within the Space last aforesaid shall have been used, employed, spent and consumed in making any such Oxiginated Muriatic Add as aforesaid in Scotland, of which no Drawback has been already allowed, shall likewise be drawn back and allowed; which said Allowances respectively shall be made under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions as ire in or by the said Act contained, provided, settled or established for or in respect of the making of the said recited Allowances respectively.

5# G. 3. c. 41

No Wholes.le Tracer deemed Hawker, nor shall he or his Servant' be liable to Penalties for going from House to House felling GoodsbyWhole-lale only.

Persons not prohibited from carrying about Coals in Carts,c.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches*

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Comm'tjfioners of Hackney Coaches: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be amended $' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person being a Wholesale Trader in Lace, in Woollen, Linen, Silk, Cotton or Mixed Goods, or any of the Goods, Wares or Manufactures of Great Britain, and felling the fame by Wholesale, shall be deemed or taken to be a Hawker, Pedlar or Petty Chapman within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, or any other Act relative to Hawkers, Pedlars or Petty Chapmen, or of any or either of them; and that all and every such Person and Persons, his, her or their Apprentices, Servants or Agents felling by Wholesale only, shall go from House to House and from Shop to Shop to any of their Customers, who fell again by Wholesale or Retail without being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in the faicif recited Act, or in any of the said Acts touching Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen; any thing in any of the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend to prohibit any Person or Persons from carrying about Coals in Carts, or on Horses, Mules and Asses, and felling the fame by Retail, or subject any such Person or Persons to any Duty, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by the said recited Act.

CAP. CIX.

An Act: to empower the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain Cases.

[9th July 1812ft

WHEREAS invalid, disabled or discharged Soldiers, become entitled to certain Pensions and AllowVV ances from Chelsea Hospital by reason of their Service or their having become invalid pr disabled: And whereas many Persons, Subjects of His Majesty, belonging to Foreign Plantations or Settlements, and resident out of the Uuited Kingdom, and others the Natives of Foreign Countries allowed by Law to*serve His Majesty, become by Wounds or Service entitled to such Pensions and Allowances, but are desirous

on

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 109, no. 927

on being discharged, when entitled to Out Pensions, of returning to their Homes, or of residing out of

4England\ and are put to great Trouble and Inconvenience in receiving their Pensions by reason of their

residing abroad; and it is expedient that the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital should be enabled to com-€ mute such Pensions for an Equivalent in Money May it therefore pleai'e Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to give to any Soldier not Soldiers net

a Native of the United Kingdoms, who may have been or may be discharged, and may be entitled to any Natives may on Out Pension or Allowance from Chelsea Hospital by reason of Service, or having become invalid or disabled, Recommenda-and shall be desirous of residing out of England, and who may be recommended for that Purpose by anylon b.e

Order of His Majesty, to be signified to the said Commissioners by His Majesty's Secretary at War, such cf si/aii? Sum of Money in Gross, in lieu of and for the Purchase of such annual Pension or Allowance as may be nualPension. directed by the Secretary at War, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury in that Behalf 5 any thing contained in an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of a8 G. a. c. r.

His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further etiaded, That the Money to be paid as aforesaid to any such Person as an Equivalent Such Sum* paid for the Pension or Allowance to which he is entitled, shall be paid out of any Money voted for or applicable out of Money to the Payment of Pensions or Allowances to discharged Soldiers under the Management of the Commissioners appIicaWe to of Chelsea Hospital, and the Receipt of the Person receiving such Equivalent shall be a full Discharge for the said Commissioners for the said Sum or Sums of Money so paid by them as aforesaid, and shall also be a Discharge by the Person giving such Receipt of all Claims to any future Payment of the said Pension or Allowance: Provided always that no such Receipt shall be liable to any Stamp Duty. " Stamp Duty.

CAP. CX.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy offejftngy collecting and levying of County Rates; and for the remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the repairing of County Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second,

4 W intituled An Act for the more easy aJTcJJtng, collc3ing and levying of County Rates, it is enabled, that 1* G.a.c

no Part of the Money to be raised and cofleded in pursuance of this Act shall be applied to the Repair of §13,

any Bridges, Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction, until Preferments be made by the respective Grand

Juries at the Assize, Great Sessions, General Gaol Delivery or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

held for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, of the Insufficiency, Incon-

veniency, or Want of Reparation of their Bridges, Gaols, Prisons or Houses of Correction 5 and it is fur- §1*

ther enacted, that, from and af^er the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and thirty nine*

when any Public Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, or other Works, are to be repaired at the Expence of any County, City, Riding, Hundred, Division, Liberty or Town Corporate, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions respectively, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, if they think proper and convenient, after Presentment to be made as

aforesaid of the Want of Reparation of such Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, to contract and agree

with any Person or Persons for rebuilding, repairing and amending of such Bridges, Ramparts, Banks

or Cops, as shall be within their respective Counties, Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Divisions, Liberties or Towns Corporate, and all other Works which are to be repaired ana done by Assessment on the respective

Counties, Cities, Ridings, Hundreds, Divisions, Liberties or Towns Corporate, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Seven Years, at a certain annual Sum, Payment or Allowance for the fame, such Contrador or Contradors giving sufficient Security for the due Performance thereof to the respective Clerk of the Peace for the time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff or Chief Officer of any City, Town Corporate or Liberty; and that such Justices at their respective General or Quarter Sessions shall give public*

Notice of their Intention of contracting with any Person or Persons for rebuilding, repairing and amending

the Bridges, Ramparts, Banks or Cops, and other Works aforesaid, and that such Contracts shall be made

at the most reasonable Price or Prices which shall be proposed by such Contradors respectively; and that

all Contracts when agreed to, and all Orders relating thereto, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the respective Clerk of the Peace for the time being, or the Town Clerk, High Bailiff or Chief Officer of any

City, Town Corporate or Liberty, for that Purpose, who is and are hereby required to keep them amongst the Records of such County, City, Town Corporate or Liberty, to be from time to time inspected at all seasonable times by any of the said Justices within the Limits of their Commissions, and by any Person or Persons employed or to be employed by any Parish, Township or Place contributing to the Purposes of this Act, without Fee or Reward: And whereas great Expence in the Repairs of County Bridges, Ram*

parts, Banks, Cops and other Works appertaining to the fame, and of the Roads over the fame, and of so much of the Roads at the Ends thereof as by Law is to be repaired r.t the Expence of any County, Riding,

Hundred, Division, Liberty or Town Corporate, and great Inconvenience to the Public may be often in a 4 great Measure prevented by the timely and immediate Repair of any inconsiderable Damage, Injury, Defied or sudden Want of Repair or Amendment of the fame, without the Delay which must generally arise from the Necelfiiy imposed by the aforesaid Act, of a Presentment by the Grand Jury at the Assize, Great Sessions or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for any County, City, Riding, Division, Town

Corporate

'92.8

G. i i o;

5 2

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Quarter Sessions may appoint lull ices to luper-intend' Repairs.

Expenditure.

Justices to remain in Office for One Year.

Quarter Sessions

to order Payment for Repairs.

Certificate signed l>y Ond Justice.

Justices at ^effions may appoint Two Justices before Eaffer Sessioni.

Provisions of Eaffer Appointment to apply.

Justices may contract for Repair of Bridges.

Corporate or Liberty, of the Want of Reparation of the fame; by means cf which Delay the aforesaid* Want of Repair is often very much increased, to the great Expence of the County, and great Incon-

venience of the Public: And whereas it is also expedient that the Justices of the Peace of any County,

City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions respectively, before

any Presentment shall have been made as aforesaid, as directed by the aforesaid Act, of the Want of Repair

of such Roads, should be enabled without any such Presentment to contract and agree with certain Persons

herein after mentioned, for the repairing and amending of the fame; and also for keeping the fame in Repair

when so repaired and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions or Great Sessions respectively, to be holden in the Week next after the Clause of Easter, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to appoint annually Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for any Division of Justices in such County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, in or near which any such County Bridge, or any Bridge which is in Part a County Bridge, Ramparts, Banks. Cops or other Works appertaining to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Roads over the fame, or so much of the Roads at the Ends thereof

as by Law is to be repaired at the Expence of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty shall be situate, to superintend the fame, and whenever it shall appear on their own Inspection to be necessary for the Purpose of preventing the further Decay and Injury of the fame, to order any immediate Repairs or Amendments to be done to the fame or to any Part thereof; but it shall and may be lawful for any Two such Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid, and any Two such Justices are hereby empowered by a written Order signed by their Hands respectively, to order such immediate Repairs to be done by such Person or Persons as to them shall seem fit and proper: Provided, that in no case the Sum to be expended by them in such Repairs shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and further, that such Appointments of such Justices as aforesaid shall remain in force until One Week after the following Easter Sessions respectively; and that in case of the Death of, or Removal of, or Refusal to ad by any such Justice or Justices so appointed as aforesaid, the said Court of General Quarter Sessions or Great Session6 may at any other of the Four Quarterly Sessions appoint any other Justice or Justices to act for the Remainder of the then Current Year, in the Place of any such Justice or Justices so dying, removing or refusing to act as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at the General Quarter Sessions or Great Sessions which shall next happen after such Repairs so ordered to be made by such Justices so appointed as aforesaid shall be completed, or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, to order the .Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, as shall be sufficient to pay for such .Repairs, to be made out of the County Rate, to such Person or Persons who shall have so repaired the fame by such Order of such Justices as aforesaid, although no Presentment shall have been made«by any Grand Jury at the Assize, Great Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace oPany County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty in which such Repairs shall have been done, of the Want of such Reparation, as by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty "King George the Second, ab ave recited, was .directed.: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment be ordered to be made as aforesaid, a Certificate be returned to such Justices of the Peace so assembled at such last mentioned Sessions, signed by Two at the least of such Justices so appointed as aforesaid, who shall have so ordered such Repairs as aforesaid, stating the

Nature of such Repairs, and the Defects, Damage or Injuries, which they had so ordered to be repaired, and their Reason for so ordering such immediate Repairs as aforesaid: Provided also, that such Justices of the Peace, so assembled as last aforesaid, be satisfied by the Parties concerned, that the Charges made by them for such Repairs are reasonable and just.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of any County', City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at any General Quarter Sessions or Great Sessions respectively to be holden in any such County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, before the General or Great Sessions which shall be holden in such County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, in the Week after the Clause of Easter next after the said First Day of July, or the greater Part of them then and

there assembled, if they shall so think proper, to make such Appointment or Appointments of Justices as they have been hereinbefore by this Act authorized to make at any such Easter Sessions, and such Appointment or Appointments shall be in force until One Week after the then next Easter Sessions.

IV. And it is hereby further enabled, That in case of any such Appointment or Appointments being made as are herein lastly mentioned and authorized by this Act, all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Directions and Authorities of this Act, which are applicable in case of any Appointment or Appointments being made at any such Easter Sessions, shall apply in the same manner and in every respect whatsoever, in case of any such Appointment or Appointments being made, as are hereby authorized at any such Sessions ap shall be held before the Easter Sessions which shall be held next after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, of any County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, at their General Quarter Sessions respectively, pr the greater Part of them then and there assembled, if they shall think proper and convenient, to contract

and

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C.iio, iii. 929

and agree with the Commissioner or Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, of any Turnpike Road within the said County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, or with their Surveyor or Clerk, or with both their Surveyor and Clerk, or with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway of any Parish, Place or Tythirtg within the said County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty respectively, or with any other Person or Persons, for the maintaining and keeping in Repair, Roads over any County Bridges, and of so much of the Roads at the Ending thereof as by Law is to be repaired at the Expence of any such County, City, Riding, Division, Town Corporate or Liberty, or any Part of the fame, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, nor less than One, although no Presentment mall have been made as directed by the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, of the Insufficiency, In- 12 G. 2. c. 29. conveniency, Decay or Want of Repair of the fame; subject however to all the Rules, Reflridions, Regu-^13, lations, Directions and Conditions, required by the above recited Act in case where the same shall have been presented of directed by that Ad.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia in Great Britain, for One

Year from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eleven Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Secretary at

in every County, Riding or Place in England, and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place in Scotland, War to iflbe

where the Regular Militia or Local Militia is or shall be raised, the Secretary at War for the time being is

hereby authorized and empowered, and required to cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for g^r and Local

the Reguhr Militia (when disembodied) and Local Militia respectively, in the manner and for the several Militia, and for

Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the Pay of the said Regular Militia or Local Militia at the Clothing.

Rate of Eight Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings a Day for each Quarter Mailer, where the Establishment of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he is appointed shall exceed Three hundred and sixty private Men 5 and at the Rate of Three Shillings a Day to such Quarter Mailer, where the Establishment) shall not exceed that Number; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Six pence a Day for each Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Six pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence a Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid, and at the Rate of One Shilling a Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid; with the Addition of Six pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of Three pence per Man for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps 5 and also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied) or Local Militia for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, at the Rate of Four Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant, One Pound Nineteen Shillings and One Penny for each Corporal, Four Pounds and Ten pence for each Drum Major, Three Pounds and Ten pence for each Drummer, and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each private Man; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, shall be clothed Once in Two Years; and that such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Local Militia, beyond the Regular Establishment of the permanent Staff thereof as may be serving on reduced Pay, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Local Militia 50 G. 3. c. 25. of Great Britain, shall be entitled to new Clothing when their present Clothing shall have been actually and necessarily worn for Two Years: Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be Rates of Pay to absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall, during such Absence, receive Serjeants, &c. Pay at the following Rates instead of those above mentioned 5 that is to say, every Serjeant the Sum of One when absent on Shilling a Day, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence per Day, and every Drummer the Sum of Six pence Plough. per Day respectively, and no more 5 and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to cause any such Pay to be from time to time issued in Advance, for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time for which such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Allowance t« Coiys of Regular Militia when disembodied, a Sum o? Money in Addition to his Pay, after the Rate of One Surgeons. Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, Battalion or Coras, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the Sick Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training 5 and to the Surgeon of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Local Militia, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three pence for every Day's Training for the fame Puraoie, as also to the Surgeon of Regular Militia when disembodied, and to the Surgeon of Local Militia respectively, an Allowance of Six pence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps on conllant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers on constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

52 Geo. III. 6 D«IX. And

93°

Allowance to Adjutants in Regular and Local Militia, who from Age and Infirmity, are unfit to serve.

Allowance not to aflfedt Half P, y.

50 O.3. c. 95. repealed.

3« G. 3.0.66.

C.ni — 1T5. 52 GEORGII IIf. A.D. 18T2: '

IX. And whereas Persons appointed to act as Adjutants in the Regular or Local Militia may by Age or,

Infirmity be rendered incapable of doing the Duty thereof; and it is expedient that some Provision should be made for them in Consideration of their former Services; Be it enacted, That if any Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have served faithfully either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the Whole, Fifteen of which he shall have served as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he dial], on producing to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place to which such Regular or Local Militia shall belong if in England, or to the Receiver General for Scotland if in Scotland, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, be entitled to receive and the Receivers General aforesaid respectively shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person producing such Certificate as aforesaid, an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall have served for a less Term than Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Regular or Local Militia, or who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, except as Regimental or Battalion Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regular or Local Militia: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay, by reason of receiving -such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

[This Act* except the Clauses above inserted, and also except $3. in 51 G. 3. c. 107. which is omitted in this Act* '

isjimilar to 51 G. 3. c. 107.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[9th July 1812.] [This Act* except the Dates* u in all respcBsJsmrlar to 51 G. 3. c. 90.]

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and fixfy six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

t Irish Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent to bear Interest. §1. Bills issued not to exceed 44 1, 216, 6661. 138. 4il. Bills if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in* Ireland* after such time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall cease. §2, 3. Money to be carried to the Ifish Consolidated Fund. §4. Said Bills to be chargeable thereon. §5. Bank of Ireland empowered to advance' " the Sum of 1, 216, 6661. 13s. 4d. on the Credit of this Act. $ 6.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[9th July 1812.]

Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — f 1. Clauses, &c. in recited 41 ' Act relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Act. §2. But not to issue Exchequer Bills on the Cre-<l dit of 51 G. 3. c. 2. in any other manner than they are authorized by that Act, &c. { 3. Interest of 3Jd.

per Cent, per Diem. §4. Exchequer Bills may at the Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of the Revenue. §5. Bank of England authorized to advance 6, oooo, ooool. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. 5c M. c. 20. — $ 6.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses and Lights round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

[9th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make more effectual Provision for the erecting, repairing and maintaining

of Light Houses and Lights round the Coasts of Ireland : 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and hv the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to ere3, repair and maintain Light Houses round the Coajls o/* Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof* shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, except only as to any Matters and hings had or done under or by virtue of the fame at any time before the Commencement of this Act 5 and that so much and such Parts of an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual several A3s for promoting the Trade (f Dublin, by rendering its Pori and Harbour more commodious; and for ere Bing* repairing and maintaining Light Houses round the Coaf of Ireland,

6 and

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

.115. 931

and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof, shall be repealed, as impose any Rates or Duties on any Ship or Vessel passing any Light House or Light Houses on the Coast of Ireland; or on any Ship or Vessel passing a Floating Light on the Kish Bank, on the South Side of Dublin Bay; and also so much and such Farts of the last recited Act as impose any Rates or Duties upon any Entry inwards or outwards of any Ship or Vessel made in any Port of Ireland, or on any Entry, Cockec or Warrant, in any such Port for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize; and also so much and such Parts of the said last recited Act, whereby the Collection or Application of the said several Duties is directed and appropriated, or whereby any of the Rates, Duties or Charges granted by the said Act in respect of Ballast, or the additional Duties by the said Act imposed in respect of the Tonnage of Ships coming into the Harbour of Dublin, or either of them, are directed to be applied towards erecting a Light on the Kish Bank aforesaid, or a Light House on the Hill of Howth; and 10 much and such Parts of the said last recited Act as are herein mentioned, are hereby repealed accordingly.

II. And, for the making Provision for defraying the Expence of purchasing Ground for and for building new Light Houses, and for repairing, fitting up, completing and keeping in Repair the several Light Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons and Sfa Marks, which have been or may be erected and built, or placed round the Coasts of Ireland, be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be payable and paid to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, by the Owners or Masters of every Ship or decked Vessel which shall pass any Light House or Floating Light on the Coasts of Ireland, the Sums, Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every British or Irish Ship or decked Vessel navigated according to Law, which shall pass any such Light House or Floating Light, for and in respect of every Light House or Floating Light which such Ship or Vessel shall pass, and for and in respect of every time of passing any and every such Light House or Floating Light, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a Foreign Voyagfc, or tailing Coastwise, the Sum of One Farthing, British Currency, for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, for and in respect of every such Light House or Floating Light, and every time of passing the fame:

And for every Foreign Ship or decked Vessel passing as aforesaid, the Sum of One Halfpenny, British Currency, for every Ton Burthen, for and in respect of every such Light House or Floating Light, and every time of passing the same.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend to charge with the Rates or Duties hereby imposed on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels any of His Majesty's Ships of War, nor any Ships or Vessels whatever being the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of the Royal Family; nor any Fishing Vessels, Smacks or Boats; and that all Coasting Vessels failing in Ballast only from any Port in Ireland to any other Post therein, shall pay only One Half of the said Ratesi and Duties; any thing hereinbefore mentioned and contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Light House or Floating Light which shall not at the time of the passing of this Act be completed in such manner as to have the Lights or Signals put up therein* shall at any time after the passing of this Act be built or repaired, placed or erected on or near any Parts of the Coasts of Ireland, then and in such case a Notice of the time when such Light House or Floating Light has been or will be completed so as to have Lights or Signals put up therein, shall be given by the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, Three several times in the London and Dublin Gazertesy and the Duties by this Act granted on the Tonnage of Ships or Vessels passing any such Light House or Floating Light shall not commence or be payable until after the time mentioned in such Notice, nor unless such Lights or Signals shall be put up in such Light House or Floating Light at the time mentioned in such Notice.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be payable and paid to the said Corporation for preserving and improving of the Port of Dublin, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say, upon every Entry inwards and on every Entry outwards of any Ship or Vessel made in any Port of Ireland, and upon every Entry, Cocket or Warrant in any such Port for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize inwards or outwards, or from any Port in Ireland to any other Port therein, where the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of Six pence; and where such Value shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Sum of Two Shillings.

VI. And be .it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act granted on Ships or Vessels passing any Light House or Floating Light on the Coast of Ireland, shall be paid to and collected by the Cdlleftor or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland $nd Great Britain respectively, in such Port of the United Kingdom into which any Ship or Vessel passing any such Light House or Floating Light shall arrive next after the passing of such Light House or Floating Light respectively; and that the Duty by this Act imposed on every Entry, Cocket or Warrant in any Port in Ireland, shall be levied, collected and received by the Collector or other Chief Officer of Customs in every such Port; and that the Collectors of His Majesty's Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Eutriea, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters and all other Officers of the Customs whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of the United Kingdom, shall not, after the Commencement of the Duties by this Act granted, take or receive any Entry or Cocket, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards Tor any Ship or Vessel liable

or subject to the said Duties, until all the said Duties shall be paid pursuant to the DirectioHS of this Act to the respective Collectors of Customs in such Port, nor until the Matter or Owner of any Ship or Vessel subject to the Payment of the said Duties shall shew and produce a Receipt for all such Duties accordingly to the

6 D 2 Officer.

§ 1.

§3. 5 7.

repealed.

'Duties paid f Corporatipu for defraying E rest inn of Light Houses.

Exemptions.

Notice given when Lijdit HoufVi completed. t

Dufes paid on Entries inwards and outward:

'Light- House Duties and Duties on Entiles paid to Col e?1 for t.f CuiloiUa, iC.

93 2

HalTaft, fcc.

Duty granted by 51 O. 3. c. 66.

§ 4, 5. levied as ther Duties.

4 G. 1. (I.). c. 7.

7 G. 3. (I.) c. 6.

36 G. 3. (I.) t. 18.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

§ 75>

Powers for erecting Light Hotifes given to and exercised by Corporation for improving Port of Dublin.

50 G. 3. c. 95.

Corporation to build and keep in Repair such Light Houses as shall be deemed necessary.

Notice given to the Trinity House when any

C. 115. 5j0 GEORGII III. A.D1812.

Officer required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Discharge, Clearance or Report outwards afore*laid; and that the said Duties shall from time to time be accounted for by the said Collectors of Cudorr* respectively, and shall be by such Collectors paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland f^r the Use of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, and shall be issued from time to time by the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland to the said Corporation under the Authority of this Act, and the said Duties when lo paid over to the said Corporation shall by the said Corporation be applied to the Purposes of this Act 5 that is to say, to erect, establiffi, maintain and repair Light Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons and Sea Marks on or near the Coasts of Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Whole of the additional Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty fird Year aforesaid in respect of Ballad delivered or taken on board Ships, and of the additional Tonnage on Ships coming into the Harbour of Dublin granted by the said Act, shall be collected and levied in like manner and under the like Powers as other Duties of the like nature may by Law be collected and levied by the said Corporation, and the Produce thereof applied towards the increased Expence of raising and procuring Ballad, and to the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Dublin.

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of*Ireland in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Fird, for the Purpose, among other things, of veding in His Majesty the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments wherever Light Houses were or should be built, Powers were given to certain Commissioners to be appointed under the said Act with respect to the building or repairing of

Light Houses in Ireland: ^.nd whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventh Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, to continue, amend and make more effectual the said recited Act made in the

Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fird, the Commissioners for Barracks in Ireland were empowered to carry into Execution the Powers of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Fird, with respect to Light Houses: And whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majestfs Revenue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, to ereS Light Houses round the Coajfls of this Kingdom, and to levy a Tonnage Duty on all Shipping, certain Provisions were*made for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Exctfe and Taxes in Ireland, certain Powers were veded in the said Commissioners of Cudoms and rort Duties, to enable them to purchase Lands and Tenements for building Light Houses: And whereas it is expedient that the Management of the Funds for erecting, repairing and maintaining the Light Houses round the Coads of Ireland, and all Powers and Authorities relating to such Light Houses, should remain and be vested in the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the rowers and Authorities which, in and by the said hereinbefore last recited Acts or any of them, or by any Act or Acts for amending or continuing the fame, or any of them, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland\ were at any time veiled in or exercised by the said Commissioners of Barracks, or by the Commissioners of Revenue» or by the Commissioners of Cudoms and Port Duties, with respect to the erecting, building, rebuilding, repairing or maintaining of any Light House or Light Houses on or round the Coadof Ireland, and the Receipt and Management of all Light House Dues and other Duties and Funds at any time payable or appropriated in Ireland, for or in respect of the Erection, Repair or Maintenance of Light Houses, and which by the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign were veded in and given to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, shall be and remain veded in the said Corporation, and shall be and continue to be bad, used and exercised by the said Corporation as fully and effectually for the Purposes of this Act to all Intents and Purposes as if all such Powers and Authorities were herein specially repeated and re-enacted, subject to the Provisions and Regulations in this Act contained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin from time to time to repair and maintain all and any Light House and Light Houses, and all and every of the Beacons, Light Ships and Floating Lights, Marks and Signs for the Sea* Handing or being in aRy Place or Places on or round or near the Coast of Ireland; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation, by and with the Cmfent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, and the said Corporation are hereby empowered, with such Consent and Approbation* from time to time to build, erect, repair, maintain or cause or procure to be built, erected, repaired and maintained, any new or other Light House or Light Houses in any Place or Places on or round or near the CoalU of Ireland, and also to alter the Light or Lights in any existing Light House or Light Houses, and to make, erect, set up, and place such and so many new or other Light Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons, Marks and Signs for the Sea, in such Place and Places of the Sea Shores and Uplands near the Sea Coads of Ireland, or Forelands of the Sea, or elsewhere, for Sea Marks, as to them shall seem most meet, needful and requisite, whereby the Dangers may be avoided and escaped, and Ships the better come into their Ports without Peril; and all such Light Houses, Light Ships, Floating Lights, Beacons, and Sea Marks to build, erect, place, repair and maintain at such Places and in such manner and of such Condruftions and Dimensions as shall appear to the said Corporation to be expedient: Provided always, that whenever the dud Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublinp shall think it expedient to

erect

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 115.

fcreft any new Light rfoufe, Beacon or Sea Mark, or to alter any exiting Light House or Light Houses, oi'to erect or set up inllead thereof any new or other Light or Lights, Beacons or Sea Marks on any of the said Coasts, the said Corporation shall make a Communication in Writing of such their Intention to the Matter, Wardens and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the Moll Glorious and Undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the Parish of Deptford Strand, in the County of Kent, in that Part of the United Kingdom (jailed England, commonly called The Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strand, and in such Communication the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall Hate of cause to be dated to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond the proposed Place, Situation and Scite of every such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, with the Reasons, Grounds and Motives for the Selection thereof, and the Nature and Kind of the Light or Lights proposed or intended to.be used and exhibited therein, with the intended Construction thereof, and also the Situation of any Beacon or other Sea Marks which the said Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin shall deem requisite to be erected or set up, together with all such other Particulars as shall or may be necessary to enable the said Corporation of Trinity House to judge and determine thereon; and shall also, upon the Requisition of the said Corporation of Trinity House, fumidi and give to them all such further and other Information touching the fame, or in relation thereto, as well in Writing as otherwise, as the said. Corporation of Trinity House shall or may require; and upon any such Communication, or in case the said Corporation of Trinity House shall at any other time, or on any Occasion think it requisite and proper so to do as herein after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation of Trinity House within Six Calendar Months after the Receipt of such Communication, or at such other times as they shall think fit, to fugged to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, any Alterations, improvements or Amendments, either in relation to the Scite and Situation of any such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark, or of the Plan or Construction thereof, or the Light or Lights set up and used, or to be set up, used and exhibited therein for the Purpose of rendering and making the same of the fulled and utmod practicable Use and Benefit to Navigation, and in order that the fame may thereby be and become perfectly and completely distinguishable from any of the Light Houses on any Parts of the Coads of England, Wales or Scotland, and moreover to make and give all or any such other Sug-gedions respecting any such Light House, Beacon or Sea Mark as to the said Corporation of Trinity House shall seem fitting and necessary; and the fame, if approved by the said Commissioners for improving the Port of Dublin, subject nevertheless to the Powers herein given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor, and to the Lord High Treasurer and Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland in that Behalf, shall be binding and conclusive, and shall in all respects, subject as aforesaid, be conformed to and carried into Execution: Provided always, that if the said Corporation of Trinity House shall not, within such Six Calendar Months after any such Communication to be made to them as aforesaid, make or propose any such Suggedions as aforesaid, to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, then and in such case the same shall be considered and taken to be approved of or acquiesced in and by the said Corporation of Trinity House j and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, by and with such Content and Approbation as aforesaid, to proceed in the erecting and building of any such new Light House or Light Houses, Beacons or Seav Marks, or in the altering any exiding Light, as the case may be, according to such Plan and Communication as shall have been made to the said Corporation of Trinity House as aforesaid: Provided also, that from time to time, and at all times, and on all Occasions whenever the said Corporation of Trinity House shall deem or think it requisite to make and communicate"'iny Suggestion or Representation whatever to the said Corporation for improving the Port of Dublin, on the Subject of or in relation to any new Light House or Light Houses* Beacons or Sea Marks, or on the Subject of or in relation to any of the exiding Light Houses, Beacons or Marks for the Sea on or near the Coads of Ireland, or toward* the Improvement thereof, or for rendering the same more effectual for the Safety of His Majesty's Ships, or ofthofe engagedin Commerce or in His Majesty's Service, or shall transmit any Complaint which shall or may at any time be made to the said Corporation of Trinity House, in relation to the Insufficiency or Defectivehefs of any of the said Lights, Beacons or Marks for the Sea, then the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall without Delay transmit a Copy of every such Suggedion, Communication, Representation or Complaint to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and also to the Lord High Treasurer of Irelandi or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland / and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and also to and for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office, or any Three of them, to make and give such Orders and Directions to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, with respect to any such Suggedions, Communications and Representations or Complaints, and in relation to the Matters and Things therein contained or referred to, as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners aforesaid, or any Three of them, shall seem fitting and expedient; and the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall in all things conform to and obey all such Orders and Directions as lad mentioned, and shall proceed and aft therein accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, whereby the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin is empowered or authorized to purchase and acquire any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the; said recited Act, and all and every Act and Acts for amending the said Act, in respect to the Matters and Things aforesaid, and all Powers and Provisions of any of the

said

933'

new Light Hoato is intended, &c.

If Trinity MoufS do not obj* tt in Six Months, Corporation may proceed.

Suggestions of the Trinity House laid before Lord Lieutenant*

Power of a6 0.3. (I.) c. 19. See. applied to Act.

34 C. 115, 116. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Collet ion of Duties payable to Corporation Trinity House provided fw.

Commencement «f Ait, fcc.

said Acts, or any other Act or Acts whereby the said Corporation is required to account to the Commissioner* of Imprest Accounts, or to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland, for the Disposal of the Funds under their Management, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, so far as the same are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the lame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And whereas by several Acts made in the Parliament of Great Britain, and by divers Charters and Grants of the Crown, certain Tonnage Rates, Tolls and Duties are m^de payable to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond for Ships or Vessels passing certain Light Koufes on the Coalls of Great Britain, and it frequently happens that Ships or Vessels, after passing Inch Light Houses do not come into any Port in Great Britain, but arrive in the Ports of Ireland\ and it is expedient to make elYedhial Provision for the Collection of the said Duties in the Ports of Ireland on such Ships or Vessels, in respect of such Light Houses* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or other Chief Officer of Customs in any Port in Ireland into which any Ship or Vessel shall arrive after passing any Light House or Light Houses on the Coast of Great Britain, in respect of which any Rate, Toll or Duty is payable for such Ship or Vessel to the said Corporation of Trinity House, and every such Collector or other Head Officer is hereby authorized, empowered and required, to collect and receive such Rates, Tolls and Duties as shall be due for such Ship or Vessel, in respect of any such Light House or Light Houses, according to such Table or Tables and other Directions as shall and may be transmitted by the said Corporation of Trinity House, to all or any such Col-ledtors or other Officers in all or any of the Ports of Irelasid; and that the Collectors of His Majesty's Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters and all other Officers of the Customs whatever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks at any of the Ports, Harbours or Places of Ireland where such Ships or Vessels shall so arrive, shall not, after the time hereinbefore appointed for the Commencement of this Act, take or receive any Entry or Cocket or other Discharge or Clearance, or permit any Goods or Stores to be laid on Land, or discharged or shipped out of, from or on any such Ship4 or Vessels, or take any Report outwards for any such Ship or Vessel lo liable or subject to the said Duties, until all such Rates, Tolls and Duties shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Customs in such Ports respectively, nor until the Master or Owner, or Person having Charge of the Ship or Vessel subject to the Payment of the said Rates, Tolls or Duties, shall shew and produce a Receipt for all such Rates, Tolls and Duties accordingly to the Officer required to take or receive any such Entry, Cocket, Discharge, Clearance or Report outwards as aforesaid, and that the said Duties shall from time to time be accounted for by the said Collectors of Customs or Officers respectively, and shall be by such Collectors or Officers respectively from time to time remitted and paid, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Customs of Ireland in the Port of Dublin, and shall from time to time be issued and paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs of Ireland, Or his Deputy for the time being, for the Use of the said Corporation of Trinity House to such Person or Persons as the said Corporation shall appoint for that Purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take EfFcft from the Twenty first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so far as relates to the Repeal of the several Duties in respect of Light Houses under the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year aforesaid, and also so far as relates to the Payment of the several Rates and Duties by this Act: imposed and made payable on Ships or Vessels arriving, or which shall have arrived or shall arrive in any Port or Harbour in the United Kingdom at any time alter the said Twenty first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and that in case any of the Duties in respect of Light Houses-granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year and hereby repealed, shall have been paid or shall be paid to or received by any of the Collectors of Chftotm in any of the said Ports at any time after the said Twenty first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collectors, and they are hereby authorized and required, out of any Money in their Hands, to repay or allow to the Person or Persons who shall have paid the said Duties the Amount of Three Fourth Parts of such Sum or Sums as they shall have so paid at any time after the said Twenty first Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twelve in respect of such Duties, and to retain the other One Fourth Part of such Sum or Sums in Satisfaction and Discharge of the Duties payable under this Act; and - that as to all other Matters and Things in this Act contained, the same shall take Effect and be in force immediately after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to amend an Act of this Session of Parliament for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Lam $ 38.44* relating to the Local Militia of England, it is, amongst other things, enacted and provided, that do*. 4 Person having paid any Fine for not serving in the Local Militia shall be liable to serve until the Expiratioa

4 of Two Years from the Period of having paid such Fine: And whereas it is expedient that a similar Ex-Pruviso for Per-«emption from Service should be allowed to Persons who have served personally in the Local Militia Be it fons who have therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall have served personally in the Local Militia, during the Period for which he may have been liable to serve, shall be exempted from being again ballotted and enrolled in the Local Militia for Two Years from the Expiration of his Period of Service.

A.D. 1812. 52*' GEORGII III.

C.ity. 935

CAP. CXVII.

An Aaforimpofing additional Duties of Custorfls 011 certain Species of Wood, and on Pot and

Pearl A(lies: imported into Great Britain.

[13th July \ 812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties of Customs should be imposed on the Importation*W >nto Great Britain of certain Species of Wood, and on Pearl and Pot A flies; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional Permanent and Temporary or War Duties of Customs on Balks, Fir Quarters and Users, and on Pot and Pearl Allies, imported into Great Britain, as the same are severally and respectively inserted, deferred and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.); and that there shall be paid or allowed of the Exportation of such Balks, Fir Quarters and Users, the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth, in the said Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

IL. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed as fall under the Title or Description of Temporary or War Duties, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties hereby imposed on Balks, Fir Quarters and Users, maybe secured by Bond under the Regulations of an Adtpafled in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured tn Warehouse without Payment of T)uty.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge any Balks, Fir Quarters or Users, with the additional Duties hereby imposed, which shall be imported directly from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or which shall be imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or any Pearl or Pot Ames, being the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and imported directly from thence.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs shall be charged and payable on any Balks, Fir Quarters and Users, and on any Pearl or Pot Ashes enumerated or- described in the said Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), which having been warehoused or otherwise. secured under the Authority of any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place where the lame shall have been lodged or secured for the rurpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, notwithstanding such Balks, Fir Quarters, Users or Pot or Pearl Ashes may have been imported into Great Britain before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the tithe being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

VII. And whereas it is expedient, that the Duties on Balks, Fir Quarters and Users, imported into Great Britain, being Five Inches square or upwards, should be ascertained and collected by Measure and not. by Tale* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, all Balks, Fir Quarters and Users, imported into Great Britain, being Five Inches square or upwards, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber; any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Balks, Fir Quarters or Users, on which the Duties are by this Act directed to be charged according to the Measure thereof, and which having been ware-houded or otherwise licensed under the Authority of any Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, all such Balks, Fir Quarters and UfeA, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber, notwithstanding such Balks, Fir Quarters or Users, may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the (ajd First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs by this Act imposed and allowed, shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the like manner and by the fame means, ways and methods as any Duties of Customs or Drawbacks of Duties of Customs of a like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, 'collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under and subject to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures now in force in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, and all Pains, Penalties, Fines or Forfeitures for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force ana Effect as to the said Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

Addition*! Duties on Balks, &c.

Drawback

allowed.

Duty paid during the War* Sec.

Duty on Balks, See. secured by Bond.

43 G. 3. c. 13*.

Duty not to extend to Balks, Stc. imported frond Brilifti Colonies in America, Sec.

Duties payable on Articles de-lcribed in Schedule.

Duties under Commissioners of Customs.

Balks, &c. Five Inches square or upwards subject to Efuty payable on Fir Timber, See.

Duties how Jetfied.

936

A]ipncatioa of Duties.

49 O.3. c. 98.

In cases of Contract s Duties added to Prices.

Act altered, &c.

Gtj. 15*

C. 117, 118. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies from time to time arising from the said Duties, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof are directed to be appropriated and applied.

X. And whereas Con t rads may have been made for the Sale of Wood, Pearl and Pot Alh prior to thepaf-sing of this Act, be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where any Wood, Pearl and Pot Am, whereon the respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be charged, shall be delivered in pursuance of such Contracts or Sales, it shall be lawful for the Dealer or Dealers in such Wood, Pearl and Pot Ash delivering the fame, to charge so much Money as shall be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof, in Addition to the Price of such Wood, Pearl and Pot Ash, and such Dealer or Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of thia Ad to demand and be paid the fame accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of additional Duties of Customs payable on certain Species of Wood imported into Great Britain, not being imported directly from any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Africa or America, or not being imported tyr the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaffc Indies, and on Pot and Pearl Ames not being the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America and imported directly from thence.

Permanent. Temporary

Duty. Drawback. War Duties.

BALKS, videlicet, under 5 Inches Square imported in a British-built £ /. d. £ t. d. £ /. d.

Ship, the 120 - — - not imported in a British-built 5 »4 6 36 4 1 18 2

Ship, the 120 FIR QUARTERS, videlicet, under 5 Inches Square imported in a British-built S 16 6 3 16 4 1 18 10

Ship, the 120 Ship, the 120 UFERS, videlicet, under 5 Inches Square imported in a British-built 5 14 6 3 16 1 18 2

5 16 6 3 16 4 1 18 10

Ship, the 120 5 14 6 3 4 1 18 2

Ship, the 120 ASHES, videlicet. Pearl and Pot Ashes the Hundred Weight 5 16 6 3 >6 4 1 18 10

036 OOOO 022

(See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.) -

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act \o amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to revive anh continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an At1 made in the Forty ninth I ear of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Tear aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of his present Majesty, to prohibit the DJlillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain,

9«im

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III. C.ti8.

4 in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain 5 and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Tear aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or \r\(h-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respedivly; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of 1 Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain; it is enacted, that until the First Day of December One 1 thousand eight hundred and twelve, jio Person or Persons should be permitted to make Entry of any House or Houses, or Place or Places in England for making or distilling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Scotland, nor should any Person or Persons be permitted to make Entry of any House or Houses or Place or Places in Scotland for making or distilling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to England, save and except such House or Houses or Place or Places as should have been duly entered and employed or used for making and distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain for such Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, as the case might require, between the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven and the passing of the said recited Act, nor should any Person or Persons be permitted to make in any such entered House or Houses, Place or Places, or to export a Number of Gallons of Spirits within the

Year from the Commencement of such Entry on the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven, beyond the Quantity which such Person or Persons would have been entitled to have made from Corn or Grain, and to have exported from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, as the case might require, if the Distillation from Corn or Grain had not been prohibited, farther than the Excess of Produce of Spirits from Sugar Wash above the Produce of Spirits from Corn Wash, computing such Produce at and after the Rate of Eighteen Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Warn made or distilled from Corn during such Portion of the Year as such Distiller or Distillers should have been making or distilling from Corn since the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits at the Strength aforesaid for every Hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash to be distilled from Sugar during such Period of the present Year of our Lord as such Distiller or Distillers should continue to make or distil Spirits from Sugar, from and after the said Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, until the time

at which the annual Entry of such House or Houses or Place or Places would have expired; any thing in r the said recited Act or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Add whereas the said Provision does in effect restrain such Persons in England and Scotland as have been duly entered and employed for making or distilling Spirits from Sugar for Exportation to Scotland and England respectively, between the said First Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and twelve and the said First Day of December Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons whose House or Houses, Place or Places were duly entered and employed for making and distilling Spirits from Corn or Grain for Exportation as aforesaid, between the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and the Seventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall be permitted to continue until the said First Day of December to distil Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England respectively, as the case may require; any tning in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that every such entered Wash Still for such time or times between the said First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and the First Day of December as the fame be worked, shall be presumed to be charged at the average Rate of not less than Six Times in each Week, and such Wash Still shall not be charged or worked oftener than Six Times in each Week, on the Average of the Time for which the fame is hereby allowed to be worked 5 and evety such Distiller shall produce to the Sight of the proper Officer, and duly export to England or Scotland respectively as the case may be, Twenty one Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh that shall during such Period have been actually distilled into Spints 5 and if any such Distiller shall charge his or her Wash Still oftener than Six Times in each Week, on the Average between the said First Day of October and the said First Day of December, or during such Part of the said Period as the same shall be worked, he shall forfeit and pay for every Working beyond such Average at and after the Rate of Twenty Shillings fer Gallon, computed at the Produce of Twenty one Gallons of Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh which such Wash Still would require to charge it Four Parts in Five of its Contents; the said Penalties to be recovered and applied in the same manner in which the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, for a limited Time, are directed to be recovered and applied.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers in England or Scotland respectively shall be allowed to make Entry or give Notice of his Intention to make or distil any Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, or from Scotland to England, at any other time than on the First Day of December in each Year; any thing in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That each and every Licence granted or to be granted for the Purpose of distilling Spirits from Sugar, and which shall have been granted between the Eleventh Day of February last and the First Day of December now next ensuing, shall be deemed and construed to have taken and shall take Effect from the Day of the Date of such Licence or Licences respectively, and the same shall enilre and be in force from the Date thereof until the said First Day of December; any thing in this or in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

52 Geo. III. 6 E IV. And

937

§ 14*

Houses entered for diddling Spirits from Corn for Exportation between Oct. t,

18ix, and Feb. 7, 1811, permitted till Dec. 1, 18x2, to distil Spirits from Sugar for Exportation from England to Scotland, Ike. Average R'jfte of charge of Wash Still.

Distiller to produce and export proportionate Quantity of Spirits.

[Penalty.]

49 O.3. c 7.

Notice of Distillation from Sugar for Exportation given 1st Dec. yearly.

Licences for distilling from Sugar in force from Date thereof till 1st Dec. next.

Licence* to Distillers in Lowlands of Scotland to take Effect from ill Dec. yearly.

But such Licences vacated or altered on Terms al'owed by 48 G, 3. c. 118.

43 G. 3. c. 153.

§ 8.

Jtepeakd.

His Majesty may by Order in Council permit Importation of Goods from Turkey, &c. in any Ship navigated with foreign Sc-amen.

S*Q'3- c. 106.

0.118, 119, 120. 5 20 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of December now next ensuing, every Licence to be granted to any Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland for the making or distilling of Spirits from Sugar for Home Consumption, shall commence and take Effect from the First Day of December in each Year, and shall be and remain in Force and Effect for and during any Period of time in which, by or under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament parted or to be parted, the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited not exceeding the Space of One Year from every such First Day of December: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for auy licensed Distiller or Distillers in the Lowlands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commissioners of Excise, or to the proper Supervisor or Surveyor of the District, his, her or their Licence to be vacated or altered on the Terms and Conditions, and at the time and in such manner as immediately before the passing of an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act to prohibit the Disiillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain for a limited Time, were by auy Act or Acts of Parliament then in force directed For vacating or altering Licences granted for the making or distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain for Home Consumption in the said Lowlands; any thing herein or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Turkey, Egypt or the Levant Seas, in Foreign Ships.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandises; and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize; any Goods or Commodities which*before the passing of the said Act had been usually imported from Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place*within the Dominion of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, may, during the Continuance of Hof- tilities and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be imported and brought*by any Person or Persons whatsoever, into the United Kingdom, from any Port or Place whatsoever, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated and registered according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or*Successors, navigated with Foreign Seamen: And whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act*as permits the Importation of such Goods and Commodities in Ships and Vessels belonging to any Kingdom*or State in Amity with His Majesty navigated with Foreign Seamen; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as permits Goods or Commodities which before the parting thereof had been usually imported from Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, to be imported in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, navigated with Foreign Seamen, shall from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve be repealed; and such Goods and Commodities, from and after the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall not be imported into any Part of the United Kingdom in any other than British: built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law; any thing contained in any Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty by his Order in Council, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland, from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, any Goods or Commodities heretofore usually imported from Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, to be imported in any Ship or Vessel whatever navigated with Foreign Seamen, any Law ilow in force to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when so imported, shall be liable to all Duties of Customs and Excise, and shall be subject to all Rules, Regulations and Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to explain, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Wives and Widows and Children of Soldiers on Foreign Service often return from«V f Foreign Parts on account of the Death of their Husbands, or from other Causes, and, upon being«landed in the Country, aredestitute of any means of returning to their respective Homes: And whereas it is«expedient that the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling

939

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII IIll. C. 120, 121, 122.

enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service to return to their Homes, should be extended for the Relief of Persons so circumstanced; and that the said Act should be in other respects r amended; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when any Wives, Widows or Children of Soldiers employed on Foreign Service shall return to Great Britain, the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Husband or Father of any such Woman or Child do or did belong, shall give her a Certificate dating that the Person to whom such Certificate is given is or was the Wife of, and her Child or Children is or are the Child or Children of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, in like Form and Manner as the Certificates giyen by Officers commanding Corps to the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarking for Foreign Service under the Direction of the said recited Act; and if any Women, the Wives or Widows of Soldiers on Foreign Service, or their Children, shall land at any Place in Great Britain without having such Certificates as are enacted by this Act, it shall be lawful for the General Officer commanding at the nearest Place to that where they shall so land, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him, to give any such Womap applying for it such Certificate as aforesaid, which shall entitle her to the Allowance for herself and her Children (if any) granted by this Act; and every such Widow or Wife shall, upon any Certificate granted under this Act, receive such Allowances for herself and Family as are allowed, granted and directed by the said recited Act, upon Certificates granted by Officers commanding Corps, in respect of Wives and Families of Soldiers embarking for Foreign Service, in like manner as if such Allowances were specially granted by this Act, and as if all the Rules and Regulations for the giving, regulating, paying and accounting for and returning the fame, were specially and particularly re enacted in this Act,

II. And be it further enacted, That every Widow or Wife of any Soldier to whom any such Certificate shall have been delivered, as is directed by the said recited Act or this Act, shall forthwith take the same to some Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate, who shall make out a Route and fill up and sign a Certificate specifying the Place to which such Widow or Wife and Family is going, specifying the Number of Children; and it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, in lieu and instead of the Rate of Allowance directed by the said recited Act, to direct any such Allowance as he shall deem necessary, not exceeding Three Halfpence per Mile for each such Woman, and One Penny per Mile for each of her Children; any thing in the said recited Act authorizing a Rate of Allowance to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to authorize the Transfer, to the East Indies, of Debts originally contrafted there, on the Part of the East India Company, payable in England.

[i^thjuly 1812

WHEREAS sundry Bills of Exchange have been heretofore drawn upon the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for several Sums of Money

payable in London, in Discharge of Debts contrafted on the Part of the said United Company in thzEafl Indies; and by Agreements made in London between the said Court of Directors and the Persons entitled to the Money secured by such Bills, the Money so secured has been retransferred to the East Indies, to be ir\veiled by way of Loan to the said United Company, there to bear Interest, after an Indian Rate; and it

maybe convenient that similar Agreements for the Retransfer to the East Indies of other Sums ..of Money,

payable or to be payable in London, should be made and entered into, and that the Interest which may be to

be considered as due at the time of entering into such Agreements should be advanced here; and it is expedient, that all Doubts as to the Validity of such Agreements and Payments should be removed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fftme, That all such Agreements heretofore made or hereafter to be made for the Retransfer from I.ondon to

5he East Indies of Sums of Money, to be invested by way of Loan to the said United Company in the East rndiesy there to bear Interest after an Indian Rate, and all Obligations and Securities entered into or to be entered into for the Payment of any such Sums of Money or Interest thereof, shall be valid and cficftual iu Law, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, and of the Parties to the fame; and no Person or Persons shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for any thing done or to be done in consequence of any such Agreement; any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to remove Doubts as to an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to raising Men for the Service of the East India Company.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Ah Atl to amend Two Aids relating to the raising Men for the Service of the East India Company, and tJjt quartering and billclting such Men; and to Trials by Regimental Courts Martial: And whenta* Doubts have arisen as to whether the Provisions of the said Act extend to Ireland; and it is expedient that such Doubts*should be removed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

( E 2^. and

Wives, &c. of Soldiers returning from Abroad, Certificates given by Commanding Officer, &c. or landing without Certificate, by nearest General Officer*

Certificates shewn to Magistrate, who shall make out Routs and give Certificate.

Agreement* made or to be made for Retransfer from London to halt Indies of Sum of Money valid.

50 G. 3. c.Sir.

940 C.I22, 123. 52°^EORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Extended to and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

Ireland. the Act and a]j the Provisions thereof shall, from the passing thereof, extend and be deemed and construed

to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and all other the Dominions and Territories of His Majesty; any thing in auy Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXIII.

3 G. 3. c. 78.

i a, 3*

49 G. 3. c. cxei.

jo G. 3. c. 6.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's Meadows^ in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey y Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

[13th July 1812.]

WHEREAS His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales is seizedin Right of his Duchy of Cornwall of certain Messuages, Erections, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate, lying and being in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and called or known by the Name of Prince's Meadows: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's 4 Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; His said Royal Highness is empowered to make Leases and Grants of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Possessions of his said Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, for Three Lives or fewer, or for Thirty one Years or under, or for some Term of Years determinable upon One, Two or Three Lives, and not above, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years, for the Purpose of improving the fame Premises, by erecting substantial Buildings thereon, or for the Purpose of improving Waste Lands by Cultivation or otherwise; and it is by the said Act now in Recital provided, that upon all fuqh last mentioned Leases or Grants improved annual Ground Rents should be reserved, payable to His said Royal Highness, or to such as should have the Inheritance or other Estate of the said Duchy 5 and that in all such cases of Leases or Grants so to be made for Terms exceeding Thirty one Years, or exceeding the usual Term determinable upon Three Lives, no Fines or other Consideration should be taken by His said Royal Highness, further or other than the improved annual Ground Rents so directed to be reserved as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the oppofile Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith in the County of Surrey, it was, amongst other tilings, enacted, that certain Persons therein mentioned should be united into a Company, to be called The Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, and that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Company, and their Successors, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to design, direct, order and build, or cause to be built, and to complete, maintain and keep with Stone a Bridge across the said River Thames, from such Part of the Precind of the Savoy, or near or adjoining thereunto, in the said County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the said County olF 4 Surrey, as to the said Company of Proprietors should seem most advantageous and convenient, and also to set out and make a Road from the said Bridge to a certain Road leading from the East End of Westminster Bridge to the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Parish of Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, near a certain Place called The Ohelijk, in Saint George's Fields in the said Parish of Saint George's Southwark in the said County of Surrey; and also to set out and make another Road from the said Bridge to a certain other Place called Oakley Street in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the said County of Surrey; and also to set out and make another Road from a certain Street called Stamford Street, in the Parish of Chrifi Church in the said County of Surrey, into the said first mentioned Road, and to continue the fame across the said first mentioned Road into a certain Road called The Westminster Road in the said Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in such manner as they the said Proprietors should deem proper and expedient; and it was

4 by the said Act now in Recital also enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors should and might, and they were thereby authorized and empowered to purchase a certain triangular Slip or Piece of Land which'(it was thereby stated) would intervene between the Bridge Road and the said Estate called PruuPt

Meadows, and would prevent a general Communication between the said Bridge Road and the said Estate

called Prince's Meadows, and to assign, transfer and set over the fame, and every Part thereof, unto His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, thenceforth to be and remain Part and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, and that His said Royal Highness should and might, and he was thereGy 4 authorized and empowered in Consideration of such Assignment and Transfer from the said Company of*Proprietors, and their Successors, to assign, transfer and set over to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, all such Land and Ground, Part of the said Estate called Prince's Meadows aforesaid, as might be required for the making and constructing of all or any of the said Roads, and which should be mentioned and contained in the Schedule thereunto annexed; and that such mutual Assignment and Transfer*should fully and absolutely vest the said Lands so assigned, transferred and set over, in the Parties to whom the fame should be respectively assigned, transferred and set over by virtue thereof: And whereas by an Act of*Parliament made and passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of ^Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's

9 4 Meadows,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 123. 941

Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey9Parcel of Hiesaid Royal Highness's Duchy of Comwall, for the Purpose of building thereon, after reciting that the erecting of the said Bridge to be called The Strand Bridge, and the making and constructing of the said Roads, together with the said Exchange of Land so authorized as therein and hereinbefore is mentioned, would tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, in Connexion with all the adjoining Property, if Encouragement should be given for the Erection of good and substantial Dwelling Houses and other Buildings, in lieu of the then present Houses, most of which (as was thereby stated) were constructed chiefly of Wood, and were in a 4 ruinous State, then producing, with the Remainder of the said Premises, a gross Rental to the then Lessees of about Three thousand two hundred Pounds only per Annum; and also if Encouragement should be given for the Construction of other respectable Buildings in the Line of the said Roads, and for making of other Roads or Streets to communicate with the said first mentioned Roads, all which (it was thereby Hated)

4#might be effected if His said Royal Highness was empowered to grant Leases of the said Premises upon such Terms as might be for the mutual Benefit of His said Royal Highness and his Successors; and also reciting, that the said Premises called Prince's Meadows contained altogether by Admeasurement Twenty eight Acres, Three Roods and Ten Perches of Land or thereabouts, and comprized within the Limits thereof a 4 Range of Wharfs and Barge Houses, altogether abutting upon the River Thames, to the Extent of One thousand two*hundred and fifty two Feet, or thereabouts, behind which Wharfs and Barge Houses there was a narrow Road or Street called the Narrow Wall9 the irregular and winding Course whereof precluded several of the said Wharfs from occupying a sufficient Space in Depth from the said River, but which (it 4 was thereby stated) might be remedied, and the Public be more conveniently accommodated by the making and constructing of another Road or Street across the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, m lieu of and somewhat further removed from the said River than the said Road or Street called Narrow Wall9 in which Road or Street called Narrow*lVall (it was thereby stated) the then Buildings were for the most Part constructed of Wood, and otherwise were of a very inferior Description, and some of them in a very ruinous State,

and that the Remainder of the said Premises then consisted principally of Meadow or Pasture Land and Garden Ground, a small Portion only of the said Premises being then covered with Buildings; and also further reciting, that the said therein and hereinbefore recited Provision against the taking of Fjnes was not intended to deprive His said Royal Highness of the accustomed Benefit of Fines to be received in the ordinary Course of granting Renewals, in like manner as such Fines might then be received by His said Royal Highness in respect to the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, by confining the future Leases or Grants thereof to such Terms of Years, as with the existing Terms therein would not exceed the Period of Thirty one Years, but which Period (it was thereby stated) was of a Duration too limited to afford sufficient Encouragement for the erecting of any substantial Buildings, whilst the continuing to grant the said Premises for short Terms of Years would not only have the Effect of excluding them from the Improvement whereof they were from Situation susceptible, but might at the same time occasion the said Premises to remain an Interruption to any general Plan for the Improvement of the Neighbourhood; and after also reciting, that it

would not be adviseable, under the circumstances therein and hereinbefore mentioned, to make any then immediate Leases or Grants of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, for such Term only as with the

then existing Term or Terms therein would fill up the same to the ordinanr Period of Thirty one Years,

more especially as the said Premises could not be made to produce under a Lease or Leases to be granted for such limited Term of Years, a greater Income than the Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds yearly,

clear of all Outgoings, whilst (it was therein stated) under a Lease or Leases to be granted for extending the Term to Ninety nine Years absolute, the Ground might be covered with respectable Houses, and the clear Income to be derived therefrom might be increased to Five thousand Pounds yearly; And also reciting that forasmuchas His said Royal Highness, by granting Building Leases for such an extended Term of Years,

would be deprived of the Benefit of such Fine or Fines as might rightfully belong to His said Royal Highness, and could be readily obtained by making Reversionary Grants of the said Premises, for filling up the then present Terms therein to Thirty one Years, it was therefore by the said Act now in Recital enacted,

that immediately from and after the passing thereof it should and might be lawful for His said Royal Highness, and he was thereby authorized and empowered to make Leases and Grants, or to contract and agree for himself, his Heirs and Successors, to make Leases and Grants of all or any Part or Parcel of the said Premises, with the Appurtenants called Prince's Meadows, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Term or Terms of Years as with the Term or Terms then in being under any then existing Lease or Leases should not altogether exceed the Term of Ninety nine Years from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, or from the Date of any such Contrafts or Agreements to be made as thereinbefore was mentioned, as and under such improved yearly Rent or Rents, (in Addition to the yearly Rent or Rents then reserved as aforesaid)

4 to commence and become payable to His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors, from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Years from the Date of any such Leases or Grants, Contrafts or Agreements respectively, as should not in the whole Amount of such Rent or Rents be less than the clear Sum of Five thousand Pounds yearly; and that in all cases of such extended Leases or Grants, Contrafts or Agreements,

4 so to be made as thereinbefore was mentioned, of all or any Part or Parcel of the said Premises with the Appurtenants called Prince's Meadows, it should and might be lawful for His said Royal Highness, and he waa thereby empowered to take and receive such Sum or Sums of Money in the way of Fine or Fines, as might be a fair and reasonable Consideration for such Portion of the said extended Term or Terms of Years so to be granted or contrafted for as aforesaid, as with the Term or Terms then in being would in the ordinary Course of granting Renewals within the said Duchy, have made up the Term of Thirty one Years only from the Date of such Leases or Grants, Contrafts or Agreements: And whereas in pursuance of the Power or

'*Authority

942

Contracts, &c. «ite*ed into for Improvements varied, See. and new Contrails, &c. entered into for effecting general Arrangement of building

4* Premises.

Centrals and

Agreements

valid.

I .eimt granted of Prince'* Meadow*.

Conditions of Leases.

C. 123. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

Authority for that Purpose, contained in the lastly hereinbefore recited Act, His said Royal Highness hath entered into a Contract for the granting of One Lease or several Leases of the said Premises called Prince's 4 Meadows, under several yearly Rents, amounting altogether to the annual Sum of Seventy six pounds, until the Tw elfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty one, and thenceforth amounting to the annual Sum of Five thousand and seventy six Pounds, and for several Terms of Years in the said Contract

mentioned, of the Parcels respectively, being Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years: And whereas it is expedient, in order to the more effectual and permanent Improvement of the said Premises, and for the

Purpose of better effectuating the general Plan of building thereon, that additional and more enlarged Powers should be given to His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, (subject and without Prejudice to any existing Contract or Agreement as far as the same shall then be in force, and as far as the fame mall not be waived or abandoned) from time to time and at all times after the passing of this Act, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to alter and vary all or any Part of any Contrail or Agreement already entered into by His said Royal Highness as hereinbefore is mentioned, or, if Occasion shall require, absolutely to annul any such Contract or Agreement, and to enter into any new Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, and again from time to time to vary or annul such new or renewed Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, and thereupon from time to time to enter into any further or other Contractor Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, for the Purpose of better elseduating the general Arrangement of building on the said Premises, and also from time to time to make new Allotments of the Hereditaments so respectively covenanted to be demised, and new Apportionments of the R er.t or Rents thereby respectively intended to be reserved; but so that no such new Contract or renewed ContraCl, Alterationor Variation, shall diminish the total Amount of the Rent or Rents by such original ContraCl or Agreement intended to be reserved, or extend the Term or Number of Years thereby originally covenanted to Be granted, and so that if previously to any such Alteration, Variation or Annulment as aforesaid, any actual Demise or Lease should have been made of any Part or Parts of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, no such Alteration or Variation or Avoidance shall in any manner affect the Allotment of the Premises included in any such actual Demise or Lease, or the Apportionment of Rent thereby actually reserved.

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That such Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, so altered, varied or renewed as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall to all Intents, EfFects, Con ft ructions and Purposes* be as good, binding, valid and effectual at Law and in Equity as if such altered, varied or renewed Contract or Contracts, Agreement or Agreements, had been originally entered into by His said Royal Highness under and by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Power therein for that Purpose contained; and that it shall or may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, or his Heirs or Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall to accept a Surrender of any Lease or Leases granted or to be granted by virtue of the said recited Act of Parliament passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, and also in lieu of such Lease or Leases, or on the Forfeiture of any such Lease or Leases, to make any other Lease or Leases, or Contract or Contracts for a Lease or Leases which might have been granted or made under or by virtue of the said recited Act of Parliament passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, so as no such new or other Lease or Leases, or Contract or Contracts for a Lease or Leases, shall be for any further Period than the Residue of the Term granted, or agreed to be granted by such former Lease or Leases, as shall be so surrendered or forfeited, and so as a Rent, or several apportioned Rents, not less than the Rents to be reserved by such former Lease or Leases, shall be reserved, and so as no Fine or Premium shall be for any new Lease or Leases to be so granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall\ and he and they is and are hereby empowered, by One or more Indenture or Indentures, to demise and lease the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, either in One Lease or by several Leases, and either unto the Person or Persons who hath or iiave already contracted to take the same as hereinbefore is mentioned, or unto such other Person or Persons as such intended Lessee or LeffeeSj his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall for that Purpose from time to time nominate and appoint, for and during all or any Part of the Remainder of the Terms specified in such original Contract or Agreement in such Allotments, and under and subject to such Apportionments of the said Two several annual Sums of Seventy six Pounds, and Five thoustmd and seventy six Pounds, as shall for that Purpose, by some Writing under the Hand or Hands of such intended Lessee or LefTces, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, be from time to time specified and required.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every such Lessee or Le flees of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, or any Part thereof, to whom any Demise or Grant shall be made in such manner as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be to all Effects, Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as original Lessee or Lessees of the Premises so to him or them respectively demised or leased; nor shall such Lessee or Leffces, or his or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or the Premises to be comprized in any such respective Demite or Lease, be charged with or subject or liable to the Payment of any greater Portion or Share of the said Two several annual Sums of Seventy six Pounds and Five thousand and seventy six Pounds, than shall for that Purpose be expressed and specified in any such Demise or Lease; nor shall the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements to be inserted in any Lease affect the Parcels to be comprized in or demised by any other Lease jor Leases; nor shall the Rent to be reserved by any Lease be less than Forty Shillings a Year, but any De-failure from these Restrictions in any One or more of the said Leases shall affect the Validity of the Lease or

7 Lease

943

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 123.

Leases only in which the Powers hereby given shall not'be duly observed, and shall not affect the Validity-of any other Lease or Leases, or Contrail or Contrafts, to be made or granted under or by virtue of and purfqant to the Power of leafing contained in this Act and in the said recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in each or either of them; nor shall any such Lefiee or Leffces whose Lease or Leases shall be made in Conformity with the said Powers, be obliged to enquire whether the full Amount of the original Rent or Rents hath been reserved or contrafted and agreed to be reserved; nor shall the Lease or Leases to such Lessee or Lessees be attested by any Omission to reserve or make up the full Amount of the said Rent of Seventy six Pounds, or Five thousand and seventy six Pounds, as the case shall require, from other Lessees.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Lease hereafter to be granted as hereinbefore is mentioned, and I.enfesand Cow every such altered, varied or renewed Contract as aforesaid, shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor for traits inrolled. the time being, of the said Duchy of Cornwall; and until such Enrolment as aforesaid, the Lease or Contract

so to be granted or altered, varied or renewed as aforesaid, shall not be allowed as Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, his Any Part of

Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively Premiiesfct authorized and empowered from time to time, with the Advice of His and their Council or Commissioners of 0*

Revenue for the time being, at the Request or with the Consent of the Lessee or Lessees, or intended Lefiee

or Lessees of the fame Premises respectively, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who may he interested in the Land or Ground to be so appropriated or set apart, to cause to be appropriated and set apart any Part of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, as and for a Road or Roads, Way or Ways,

Street or Streets, Square or Squares, Pbttage or Passages, or other, open Place or open Places, for the Improvement of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, or any Part thereof, and to cause the same to be (hut up, altered, or others made, as he or they shall deem expedient, but so as no Road or Way shall be {topped up until another Road or Way equally convenient to the Public, as far as the Public shall have just Right of Road or Way, shall be formed and appropriated for the pubiic Use, and so as the Right of Soil of and in the said Roads, Ways, Streets, Squares, Passages and other open Places, may for ever be and remain, and form Part of the Inheritance and Estate of the said Duchy of Cornwall; subject nevertheless to the Lease or Leases which shall or may have been granted thereof, and to the Easements, Rights and Privileges, which shall or may have been granted to the Lefiee or Lessees respectively, and to his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, his Sewers and Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively Dram5 raad* authorized and empowered with such Advice and Consent, or at such Requell as hereinbefore is mentioned, from

time to time to cause such and so many Sewers, Drains and Vaults, as he or they may think sufficient and necessary to be dug and made in, under, along or across any of the said Roads, Ways, Streets, Squares, Passages and other open Places hereby authorized to be made and set apart as aforesaid; and also to cause any of the Sewers, public Drains and Vaults, which now are or hereafter shall be in, under and along or across the said Premises, to be enlarged, raised, altered, removed and repaired in such manner as he or they respectively shall from time to time lee fit, so as no such Sewer, Drain or Vault shall be altered or removed without first making another Sewer, Drain or Vault equally convenient to the Public; and fur-any of the said Purposes shall < and may from time to time cause to be dug, carted and carried out of or brought into any such Road, Way,

Street, Square, Passage or other open Place, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks and other Materials, as he or they shall judge necessary; and also shall and may cause such and so many Grates, Sluices and Openings to be made on any such Road, Way, Street, Square, Passage or other open Place, for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Waters from the Houses built near or adjoining to such Sewers, Sluices and public Drains, as he or they shall or may think necessary or expedient for that Purpose, and the fame or any of them to be enlarged, altered, removed and repaired, as he or they shall from time to time think fit; and also to give and grant any Privilege or Easements to the Lefiee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of the fame Premises respectively, in regard to such Sewers, Drains, Streets, Squares and Passages, as may be for the better Accommodation of such Person or Persons respectively, and his, her or their Executors,

Administrators and Assigns, and other Perilous resorting to or frequenting the demised Premises.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prejudice, alter or take away any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers, hut all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid and effectual as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His said Royal Highness, his Heirs and Successors for the time being, Dukes of Cornwall, with such Advice and Consent, or at such Request as hereinbefore is mentioned, to embank, or cause to be embanked, any Part of the said Premises called Prince's Meadows, immediately abutting on the River Thames, and to cut, dig and make, or cause to be cut, dug or made, proper and commodious Docks, Basins, Locks and Sluices, for the Purpose of Trade and Traffic.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or conftmed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminifhany Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or

Powers vested in

Commissioners of Sewers not affected.

Docks, Src. made on Premises abutting the Thame*.

Rights of City of London not affected, Sc c.

944*

C. 123, t24* 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

the said Lord Mayor for the time being as Conservator of the River Thames* did or mighl lawfully claim, i>fe or exercise, nor to authorize or empower any Person or Persons whatsoever, their Workmen or Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River Thames* or the Banks or Shores thereof, without the Licence and Consent of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; nor shall any thing contained in this Act, or in the said recited Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, extend or be deemed, taken or construed to extend, to prejudice, alter, affect or interfere with the Powers and Authorities, Immunities or Privileges of the said Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge, hr any of them, or all or any of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or with the Roads, Works, Matters and Things thereby authorized to be made and executed*

While Dukedom

XL. And be it further enacted, That while the Dukedom of Cornwall shall from time to time be in Abey-of Cornwall in ance or Suspense, and also from time to time when there shall be a Duke of Cornwall, but he shall be under DukeTMinor ^e Twenty one Years, and no Council or Commissioners of Revenue shall have been appointed to him,

&cu i>()wers of*then or any of the Powers and Authorities contained in this Act, or in the said recited Act passed in the Act exercised Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be exerciseable and shall or may be exercised by the by the King, Sec. King or Queen for the time being of these Realms, to whom the Inheritance of the said Lands and Grounds shall for the time being belong; and further, that from time to time, while the Duke of Cornwall for the time being shall be under the Age of Twenty one Yearn, but shall have a Council or Commissioners of Revenue appointed to him, all or any of the fame Powers and Authorities shall be exerciseable, and shall or may be exercised by the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, with the Advice of his Council or Commissioners of Revenue for the time being, and notwithstanding his being under the Age of Twenty one Years; but all Rents to be reserved by any Leases or Grants to be made by the King or Queen for the time being, or by the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, shall from time to time be incident to and go along with the Re-version or Remainder of the Lands and other Hereditaments comprized in such Leases or Grants, as the fame Reversion or Remainder shall be immediately expectant on the Term or Terms granted by the fame Leases respectively, whether such Reversion or Remainder shall belong to the Duke of Cornwall for the time being, or to the King or Queen's Majesty for the time being.

General Saving. XII. Saving always to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators (other than and except His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also other than and except to His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall nereafter have, inherit and enjoy the said Duchy of Cornwall, by force of any Act of Parliament or other Limitation whatsoever), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, out of or upon the said Hereditaments called Prince's. Meadows, and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, as he, she and they, and every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or would, could or might have had in case tlus Act had not been made.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for vesting in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Lands or Grounds, formerly Part of the Wastes of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, freed and discharged of Commonable and other Rights.

[13th 1812.]

WHEREAS the King's Most Excellent Majesty, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety 4 W nine, was graciously pleased to establish a Royal Military College; and by His Warrant under Hti

Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight,

His Majesty was graciously pleased to direct that the said Military College should be under the Controul and Superintendence of certain Persons therein named, to be Commissioners of the said Royal Military Col-

lege, and to compose and form from time to time a Board for the Controul, Direction and Management of all Affairs belonging thereto; and that a Collegiate Board should be formed, as therein mentioned and directed, for the rurpose of taking under its Cognizance all Matters relating to the interior Regulations

and (Economy of the said Department, and which should consist of the Governor of the said College and the several other Persons therein named; and His Majesty was also most graciously pleased, by His laid War- rant, to direct that the Lands and Property belonging to the said Royal Military College should be under the Care of the Governor and Collegiate Board, subject to the Directions of the Board of Commissioners: And whereas the King's Most Excellent Majesty is, under and by virtue of an ancient Grant from the for-

mer Lords of the Manor of Sandhurst in the County of Berks, bearing Date the Twenty sixth Day of May which was in the Year One thousand six hundred and forty (even, and made or expressed to be made befween John Geale the younger, of Oveinberinge in the County of Southampton, Gentleman, and John Geale the elder, of Sandhurst in the County of Berks, Gentleman, Father of the said John Geale, of the One

Part, and Richard Lodge the younger, then of IVinkjiAd in the said County of Berks, Gentleman, and

Thomas Dymarsh, then of Sandhurst aforesaid, Yeoman, of the other Part, seized to himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the Soil of Two Pieces of Land or Ground Parcel of the Waste or Common of the said Manor of Sandhurst, and lying within the said Manor and Pariflt of Sandhurst, therein and ^cina*tCp 4 particularly described, subject to the yearly Rent of Ten Shillings, payable to the Lord of the ^an?r 0* 4 Sandhurst aforesaid, in the Nature of a Quit Rent, and doing Suit to the Court Baron of the Lord ot ne

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 124. 945

said Manor, and upon Default thereof to forfeit for every time the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence

and also subject to the Sum of Ten Shillings, payable to the said Lord of the Manor of Sandhurfi, upon every«Alienation and dying seized of the Inheritance of the said Premises, in the Name and Nature of a Relief;

and subject also to Powers of Entry and Distress for Recovery of the said Quit Rent, Fine and Relief,

when and in case the fame or either of them shall be in Arrear, as in the said Indenture are reserved and expressed: And whereas Richard Hcavifide Esquire is Lord of the said Manor of Sandhurfi, and in Right«thereof is entitled to the said Quit Rent, Suit and Relief, so reserved by the said Indenture in respect of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground herein after mentioned and described 2 And whereks the King*

Most Excellent Majesty, and John Moseley Esquire, William Blackall Simonds, Charles Simonds, William Simonds, William Giles, John Rackfiratu, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of all the«Lands lying and being within the said Manor and Parish of Sandhurfi, and claim to be entitled to

Commonable Rights on and over the said Two Pieces of Land or Ground: And whereas by an Order t under the Hands and Seals of Sir Nathaniel Dukinfield Baronet, and Major General John Leveson«Gower, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Berks, and John Teltell and Richard Birt Esquire, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, made at a

special Sessions held on the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eleven, after t reciting that having upon View found that a certain Part of a Highway lying Part in the said Parish of t Sandhurfi in the Hundred of Suning in the said County of Berks, and Part in the Parish or Hamlet of

Frimley in the Hundred of Woking in the County of Surrey, and lying between the South East End of the Village of Sandhurfi, near to a Farm House the Property of the said William Blackall Simonds Esquire,

and the High Turnpike Road between Bagshot and Black water, for the Length of One thousand five hundred and ninety five Yards or thereabouts, and particularly described in the Plan thereunto annexed, might be diverted and turned so as to make the fame more commodious to the Public; and that having viewed a

Course proposed for the new Highway in lieu thereof over the open Lands and Grounds of the said Richard Hcavifide Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Sandhurfi aforesaid, and of the said Governor and Collegiate Board

of the Royal Military College of Sandhurfi aforesaid, of the Length of One thousand two hundred and eighty seven Yards or thereabouts, and of the Breadth of Thirty Feet or thereabouts, particularly described in the Plan thereunto annexed 5 and that having received Evidence of the Consent of the said Richard Heavifide9 4 and of the said Governor and Collegiate Board, to the said new Highway being made through their respective Lands thereinbefore described, by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the said Richard Heavifide, and under the Hand and Seal of the Honourable Alexander Hope the Governor of the said College, they the said Justices did thereby order that the said Highway should be diverted and turned through and over the Land*

aforesaid: And whereas the Commissioners of His Majesty's said Royal Military College have erected and built the said College on Part of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground hereinbefore mentioned and herein after described, and are desirous of converting the Remainder thereof to the Uses and Purposes of the said Institution exclusively: And whereas the Commissioners of His Majesty's said Royal Military College have, in Behalf of His Majesty, agreed with the said John Moseley9 William Blackall Simonds, Charles Simonds, William Simonds, and the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish of Sandhurfi, for the Purchase of all their Commonable and other Rights and Interest3 in, upon and over the said Two Pieces of Land or Ground: And whereas the said Commissioners have also agreed with the said Richard Hcavifide, as Lord of the said Manor of Sandhurfi, for the Purchase of the said Quit Rent, Suit and Relief, and all such other Rights and Immunities as he the said Richard Hcavifide hath as such Lord, in, out of, upon or in respect of the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground: And whereas the Inclosure of the said Two Pieces of Land or Ground, freed and discharged from all Commonable and other Rights, will not only be very beneficial for the Purposes of the said Royal Military College, but also of great public UtilityYet forasmuch as the fame cannot be effectually done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Waste or Common Parcel of the Manor of Sandhurfi called Bar res Green, con- Lands in Sustaining by Estimation Ten Acres, be the fame more or less, lying near to a capital Messuage of His Majesty, huift veiled in

called Tichine, otherwise Twitchenor, within the said Manor, and all the Pond within the same Parcel of Waste^or Common, and all the Fishings in the fame Pond; and also all that Piece of Waste or Common, containing Commonsblo by Estimation Two hundred Acres (be the fame more or less), Parcel of the Waste or Common of the Manor Rights, of Sandhurfi aforesaid, next adjoining to the said preen called Barres Green, and also to Inhams and Butts, and Calves Lease Closes, and against the Pond formerly made by William Chifiett in Wijhmore Stream, and to be accounted and taken from the said Wijhmore Stream, which is the Bound that parts the Parishes or Hamlets of Frimley and Sandhurfi, along by the said Bound Eastward, and from the North Corner of Barres Green upright North East, and so accounted and bounded with Marks and Bounds from the other Part of the Waste Ground belonging to the said Manor, and as the same are now inclosed, set out and known, and by whatsoever other Names, Quantities, Abuttals, Boundaries or other Descriptions, the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground are now or at any time or times heretofore have been called, knowq or distinguished, shall be and the same are hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for ever, {reed, acquitted and absolutely exonerated and discharged, of and from all and all Manner of Commonable Rights and other Rights whatsoT ever, as well of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Panfli of Sand-burfi, as also for ever f/ied, acquitted and absolutely exonerated and discharged of and from all Quit Rents,

52 Geo. III. 4..... 0 F Suit

No Commonable Rightt o.er RdiJuc.

Commonable Rights in respect of old inclosed Lands not eiTeded.

Application of Compcu'ation Moi.ey when amounting to 2O0l.

When less than aoo\

AfHttn ef# than StfcL

Ci i 44.

GEORGII m.

AJ3.

Suit, Service, Fine*, Reliefs and all other Rights/ Royalties, firtriunities and Privilege! whatsoev Lord or Lastly, or Owner or Owners of the said Manor of Sandhutjl for the time being.

II. Provided always; and be it further enacted, That His Majesty, h?3 Heirs and Successors, fha entitled to, or have or claim any Commotinble Rights in or over any Part or Parts of the Residue of the of the said Manor of Sandhurst, for or in resptft of or as appurtenant to the said Two Pieces of La Ground by this Act veiled in His Majesty as aforesaid.

Ilf. Provided Also, and it is Hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall deftfl# or in any drfe abridge orlcdlen the Right of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to all or any such Commonable and other Rights os His Majesty is now entitled to, in, over and upon the Rest of the Commons or Wastes of the said Manor of Sartdhurjt, for or in respect of the old inclosed Lands called Lodge's Farm, or any. Other old inclosed Lands of His Majesty, within the said Manor and Parish, but that His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the Owner and Owners for the time being of the said old inclosed Lands, shall have and be entitled to all such Commonable and other Rights in, upon and over all the Residue of the Wastes of the said Manor of Sandhurst, for and in respect of such old inclosed Lands, in as large and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as any of the Tenants of the farrte Manor have or use there $ any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands, Tenement* of Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, or from any Feme or Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, in case the fame amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Governor of the said College, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, pnder the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or

Sereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Use, Intent and Purposes; or where such oney shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the; Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undeter j mined or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean titne, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three PoundsjVr«C«i/iwr Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

V. Provided always; and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any such Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, ^shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and* Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to he nominated by the Perfota or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Governor of the said Col-lege, (such Nomination and Approbation to be Iignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, ) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividend arising thereon may be applied m manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profit* of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, in such manner as the said Governor of the said College shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Goardian Or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And whereas the said Road so intended to be diverted and (lopped up runs through and diffefts the*Taid Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, and so near to the said Royal Milita ry College as to be a great Inconvenience to the fame, and it is therefore expedient that the aforesaid Order of the said Justices

'for

A.D. 181a. 52 GEORGII III. C. 124, 125, 1^6.

' Y for diverting and turning the feme should be immediately carried into Execution* and the Soil of the said old Road be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors / Be it therefore further enacted, That the said When new Order of the Justices aforesaid shall forthwith b^carried into Execution, and when and so soon as the said J^d£erufied m Justices or any other Justices of the Peace have certified, that the new Roadproposed to be substituted and used Road (topped up in lieu thereof shall have been made and put into good Repair, the said old Road be from thenceforth for ever and Soil v.rted*stopped up and no longer used as a. Road, and the Soil of so much thereof as runs through the said Two Pieces in His Myeity. or Parcels of Land or Ground, or any other of the Lands of His said Majesty, be and the fame is hereby veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in respect of By whom the the said Farm called Lodge's Farm, or the Owner or Owners thereof for the time being, shall for ever there-after, at his and tljeir own Costs and Charges, amend and repair the said new Road to the Extent of One thou- Rep^ a sand two hundred and eighty seven Yards, to be computed from the Turnpike Gate across the South End of the said new Road, according to and as mentioned in the said Order of the said Justices, together with any Bridge or Bridges that may hereafter be erected on or across the said new Road.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

(13th 1812.]

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties iit Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 43 G. j. e. zu

W granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the said Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to 43 G. 3. c. 2j.

the killing of Game in Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty sixth X ear of His Majesty-s

Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties upon stamped Parchment, Vellum and Paper in Ireland* 46 c 3 c 64.

and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled G

4. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Cart of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ire- c. 50?*'*

land, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties

in Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the said Forty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant ctr- 47 G. 3. ScfT. 2,

tain new Stamp Duties in lieu -thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And c*I4*

whereas another Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 4& G. 5. c. 41.

repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain

other Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas another

Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal certain Duties S° G. 3. c. 76

under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and to grant new and additional

Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that, as far as the fame is practicable. Regulations should be established for the Collection of all Duties which shall be from time to time for ever hereafter under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties 1* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Commencement of Repealed. vthi6 Act, the said several Acts shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except so far as the said Exception.

Acts or any of them repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained; and save as to any Proceeding commenced or to be commenced in any Court Civil or Criminal, or otherwise, against any Person or Persons for any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, for or in respect of any Offence committed or to be committed against the said Acts or any of them, previous to the Commencement of this Act; and Jave that all Licences and Certificates granted under the said Acts respectively, before the Commencement of this Act, shall have Continuance, Force, Virtue and Effect, according to the Terms and Nature thereof respectively, as if this Act had not passed, except where it is herein otherwise provided; and save any Provision in any of the said recited Aft6, making any Act, Matter or Thing which may have been done contrary to the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament valid or effectual, or for indemnifying the Person or Persons concerned therein, or any of them; and save and except as herein after is specially provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Appointment dt Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have power from time to time and at all times, to appoint Com- Commiflinucre missioners for the (tamping* and marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Stamp Duties in and Officom.

Ireland / and that the said Commissioners shall be called The Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland/' and that the said Commissioners or any Three of them, with the Consent and Approbation of His Majesty, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have Power under their Hands and Seals to appoint such inferior Officers as they Audi from time to time think proper, for

6 F 1 the

Oath.

Not to affect 7, 1 k 21 G. 3. c. 33. respecting J2 unifications.

'I'hree Commissioners a Quorum.

Officers to hold Employments till Death or Removal.

Reputation fyfficient Evidence of Appointment.

Salaries of Of-icers paid out of Stamp Duties.

Definition of Stamp Duties.

Officers to observe DJre&ions of Lord Lieutenant and Treasury.

C. 126. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

the marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and for collecting and levying such Duties as shall from time to time be under the Management of the said Commissioners, and that every Commissioner or other Officer so appointed, before he shall proceed to the Execution of his Office under such Appointment, shall take and subscribe the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will, during my Continuance in the Office of, faithfully execute

«*the Trull committed to me therein without Fraud or Concealment, and that I will from time to time true«Account make of all such Acts as I shall do therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland«For the time being, hath or have appointed or hereafter shall appoint to receive such Account 5 and that 1«will take no Fee, Reward or Profit for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business ne-« lating thereto, from any Person or Persons other than such as shall be paid and allowed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by some Person or Persons for that Purpose authorized by His Majesty, his Heirs*or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time«being.'

And such Oath shall and may be administered to any such Commissioner or Commissioners by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in their Absence by any of the Justices of any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin, and they are hereby respectively required and impowered to administer such Oath; and any of the said Commissioners, or any Justice of the Peace within Ireland, within his proper Jurisdiction, shall and may administer the like Oath to any of the subordinate Officers aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect, or be construed to affect, an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Qualifications of Persons appointed to Offices in this Kingdom wherein Two or more Grantees a3 under One Grant, Commission or Appointment; but that the said Act, and every Part thereof, shall remain in full Force, as if this Act had not been passed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it shall not be otherwise directed or provided br any Act or Acts of Parliament, all and every Right, Power and Authority which from time to time shall be veftejl in the said Commissioners, shall and may be used and exercised by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as the fame could be used or exercised by all the said Commissioners for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners and inferior Officers heretofore appointed for the marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and managing the Duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such Offices respectively, shall continue to act in the several Omces to which they have been so appointed, in like manner, with the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to such Restriction8 and Limitations, as if appointed under this Act; and that every such Commissioner now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exercise his said Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being; and that every such inferior Officer now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall continue to hold and exercise his laid Office until he shall die, resign or be removed therefrom by the said Commissioners, with the Cocfent and Approbation of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if in any Court whatsoever, on any Trial, Proceeding or Occasion whatsoever, and whoever shall be the Parties therein, any Question shall arise concerning the Right of the said Commissioners or inferior Officers, or any of them, to hold, exercise or enjoy their said Offices respectively, then and in every such case it shall be sufficient to prove that such Commissioners or Commissioner, or inferior Officers or Officer, were or was at the time in question commonly reputed to be such Commissioners or Commissioner, or Officer or Officers respectively, without producing any Patent, Appointment or Commission, and without giving any Evidence of having performed the several Kequifites prescribed by Law to enable them to execute the said Offices respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fur His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, out of the Produce of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable in Ireland, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid from time to time for Salaries and incident Charges as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting and levying, or managing of the said Duties; any thing in this or any other A cl contained to the contrary not with (landing.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties which shall from time to time be under the Care or Management of the said Commissioners, shall be deemed and denominated Stamp Duties, in whatever way the fame mall or may be payable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or other Officers heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all Officers employed or to be employed, or intruded by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time to time observe such Rules, Methods and Orders in the Execution of their several Offices and Trusts as they respectively have received, or shall receive from time to time from His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland respectively, for the time being.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126. 949

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall keep their Stamp Office Stamp Office in in some convenient Place within the City of Dublin, and that none of the Duties which shall or may be from Dub, m*

time to time under their Management, shall be received or collected by, or paid to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Commissioners

Duties for the time being, or any One or more of them, to administer Oaths and Animations, and take Affi- e

davits and Affirmations in all cases where he or they shall respectively think an Oath or Oaths, or an Affirmation or Affirmations necessary to be administered or taken, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect this Act

or any Part thereof, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to the Management of any of the Stamp Duties now payable or hereafter to be payable.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, appointed by the said Commissioners Stamp Diflrilni-a Distributor or Distributors of Stamps, shall verify by Affidavit, or (if a Quaker or Quakers) by Affirmation,

his, her or their respective Accounts, fumished by him, her or them, to the said Commissioners, such Affidavit al

or Affirmation, if made in Dublin, to be sworn or affirmed before One of the said Commissionert, and if in the Country, before a Justice of the Peace of the County in which the said Distributor or Distributors respectively shall relidc, and which Affidavit or Affirmation, such Commissioners and Justices respectively are hereby required and authorized to receive and take as aforesaid, or, if the said Commissioners of Stamps or any One or more of them shall by Notice in Writing require the fame, then before the Justices of the Peace at a Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and Tor the County in which such Distributor shall reside 5 and which Affidavit or Affirmation such Justices are hereby required and authorized to receive and take: And if any Distributor shall neglect or refuse to verify any of such Accounts in manner aforesaid, within such reasonable time as he or she shall be called upon by the said Commissioners of Stamps or any One or more of them so to do, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds. Penalty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Distributor or Distributors of Appointment of Stamp Duties, with the Consent of the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One of them, to appoint by Sub D, ftnbutols* Warrant under Hand and Seal any Person or Persons to be his, her or their Deputy or Deputies, or Sub Distributor or Sub Distributors, within his, her or their District, or any Part or Parts that may be specified in

such Warrant, and every such Distributor or Distributors shall be answerable for the Conduct of every such Deputy or Sub Distributor, in all Matters relating to the said Office of Distributor, and every such Deputy or Sub Distributor shall have full Power to fell Stamps for the said Distributor or Distributors according to the Terms of such Warrant, in the same manner as the said Distributor or Distributors might personally do; but not to exercise any other Part of the Business or Office of such Distributor or Distributors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Stamp Commissioners Duties in Ireland, or any One or more of them, as often as it shall feern fit to him or them so to do, by Warrant to Kr*, t ^Yar" under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to authorize any Person or Persons, with the Assistance stam TinH^nd of a Magistrate or any Peace Officer, in the Day time to enter into the House or Habitation of any Distributor of Distributors of Stamps, or of any Deputy or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting for or under such Distributor, or having Charge of ine Office or Business of such Distributor for any particular time; and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then to break open the fame respectively, and to seize and take into his or their Possession all stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be then found in the House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting for or under such Distributor, or having Charge of the Office or Business of such Distributor for any particular time; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to enter accordingly into the House or Habitation of any such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor, or other Person as aforesaid 5 and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant the Door of the House.in which such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor or other Person as aforesaid shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof shall not be opened, then with the Assistance and in the Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to break open the fame respectively, and to seize and take into his or their Possession all Stamped Vellum,

Parchment or Paper which shall be then found in the House, Custody or Possession of such Distributor or Deputy or Sub Distributor, or Person or Persons acting under such Distributor, or having Charge of the Office or Pufmefs of such Distributor for any particular time as aforesaid; and all Magistrates and Peace Officers are hereby required, upon the Request of any Person or Persons acting under such Warrant, to aid and assist him and them in the Execution thereof. j

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three of them, shall have Commissioners Power from time to time by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to fine any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps

for any Breach or Neglect of Duty, or of the Orders of the said Commissioners, or of any One or more of tr' utor*

them, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for any One Offence, the Amount of such Fine to be paid by

such Distributor or Distributors to the Receiver General for the Use of His Majesty's Revenue, together with

his, her or their next Payment, and as Part thereof; and it shall be lawful for such Receiver General and he Fine may he re-

is hereby required to apply the next Money that he shall receive from such Distributor, or so much thereof

as shall be necessary, to the Payment of such Fine, whatever may be the Purpose for which the fame may be ceiver ener*

sent.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in levying, Times of Pay-collecting or receiving any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, shall keep separate and distinct Accounts thereof, men.t ofs, n\ and that the several Distributors of Stamps in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, shall

pay all Monies received by them for or by reason or on account of any of the said Stamp Duty or Duties, or c"iv°" General,

of

trd by trim int ike Exchequer,

Receiver General uegleding.

[Penalty.]

Distributor

uegktting.

First Offence.

Second Offcuce.

Further time allowed to .Distributors by Commissioner*.

Account:

Wo Fees at' "Treasury for receiving Sump Xhities.

Consolidated und.

Accounts ad* Stamp Qf-#cers audited.

C. 126.

52° GEORGII III.

of any Penalties impeded by this Act or by any other Act in any wise relating to the Payment of any Stamp Duty or Duties, and then in the Hands of such Distributors respectively, to General of Stamp Duties on every Day, or on such and so many Days in each Week as shall be q] the Purpose by the said Commissioners; and the Distributors of Stamps employed in other Parti shall, on Wednesday in every Week, unless the same shall be an Holyday, and then on the next erii which shall not be an Holyday, or as speedily after such Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of tributors respectively shall permit, or as much oftener as the said Distributors shall be required b Commissioners or any of them, pay or cause to be paid all Sums received by them in like manner, and'

- nd

their Hands respectively to the said Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and the said Receiver General each and every Day, or on such Day or Days in ever)' Week as shall be directed for the Purpose by Commissioners or any Three of them, pay all Monies so received by him, and then in his Hands, iotiftbk

Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland; and the said Receiver General shall on each Day after his making any such Payment into the said Exchequer, and every Distributor of Stamps on each Day after his or her making any such Payment to the said Receiver General, or on the first Opportunity after the said times respectively, give Notice of such Payment and of the Amount thereof, to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if such Receiver General shall at any time neglect or omit to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer the Sums so by him payable as aforesaid, at the time and in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any Part of the Monies so by him payable, then and for such Offence lie shall be dismissed from his said Employment, and fha^ be incapable to serve His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall be charged with Interest for the Monies so detained in his Hands after the Rate of Twelve Pounds by the Hundred by the Year, the same to be recovered with Cods of Suit, by Action, Suit or Information, or by any x>tlier of the means whereby Debts may be recovered by His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Public Accountants or Debtors; and if any such Distributor or Distributors shall neglect or omit to payor cause to be paid to such Receiver General as aforesaid, the Sums so by him, her or them payable as aforesaid, or shall detain the Monies by him, her or them so payable as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, then for the first of such Offences, he, she or they shall forfeit all and every the Discount, Per Centage, or other Fee, Profit or Reward to which such Person or Persons so offending would or might otherwise be entitled for or by reason of the Sum so detained, or so neglected or omitted to be paid to such Receiver General, and for the Second of such Offences every such Distributor or Distributors shall forfeit the said Discount, Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward, and shall be dismissed from his or her said Office, and shall from the time of such Dismissal he incapable of serving His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Civil Capacity whatsoever, and shall also be charged with Interest for the Money so detained, after the Rate of Six Pounds by the Year for every Hundred Pounds, the same to be recovered in the same manner, and with like Cods as the Interest: is recoverable from the said Receiver General as aforesaid; and the said Discount, Per Centage, Fee, Profit or Reward so forfeited by such Distributor or Distributors, shall in every of the said cases be paid to such Officer or Officers of the Stamps, as shall first discover and inform the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties of such Neglect, Qmillion or Detention, if the said Commissioners of Sump Duties, or the major Part of them, shall think proper so to order the fame, and if they shall make no Order thereupon, it shall be made a Saving to His Majesty's Revenue.

XVII. Pnovided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the Average of the Monthly Sales of any such Distributor, or of his Preaecessor or Predecessors, for Twelve Months next preceding, shall not have exceeded the Sum of Twenty Pounds per Mbnth, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionew of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, from time to time as often as they shall see just and necessary Occafiofl, by Order under their Hands to enlarge and extend for any time not exceeding One Month, the time hereby allowed to such Distributors respectively, for paying unto such Receiver General the several Sums by them, respectively from time to time received as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland One Book in which all Monies that shall be paid into the said Treasury in Ireland by virtue of this Act or of any Act or Acts for imposing of Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moniei paid or payable to His Majesty, lus Heirs and Successors, from any Account whatsoever: And that oeitber the Six pence for Pound nor any other Fee shall be payable to or be dedu&ed or received by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Treasury for or on Account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by, or which shall be received for or on Account of any Stamp Duties, or of any Payment to be made by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties in manner aforesaid, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all the Money paid into the said Treasury. on the Account of such Duties shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have been or shall be respectively employed in receiving, collect!ng or paying any Stamp Duties, shall exhibit their Tespective Accounts of such Duties to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland for the time being, or the manor Part of them, when called on by them or any One or more of them for that Purpose 5 and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon Oath the, said Persons who shall be so employed in raising, receiving or collecting the said Duties as to their said Accounts,

; been b

and as to the Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been by them or any of them respectively raised, col-leded or received within the time of such their Accounts; and likewise what Part thereof shall have been by them or any of them paid to the Receiver General, or into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland; pud in accounting before the said Commissionerg of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, the said Person*

are

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III. C. 126. 951

are to produce proper Vouchers for any Sum or Sums of Money by them received and paid, and the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle such Accounts 5 which said Accounts when so audited and settled, shall be signed by the said Commissioners of Public Accounts, or the major Part of them, and shall be at all times to the Officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient Warrant and Discharge to all Intents and Purposes, according to the true Intent, Meaning and Import thereof respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Types, Marks and Stamp9 which are already kept or used for Die* for Stamps denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, the several and respective Duties heretofore granted, provided.

or any of them, or which shall hereafter be kept or used at the Stamp Office in Dublin, for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable by Law in Ireland, shall be the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps, for the stamping and impressing of all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, on which any of the several Things in respect whereof any such Stamp Duties shall from time to time be payable, have been or shall be engrossed or written, and that if at any time there shall not be any such Type, Mark or Stamp, denoting the precise Amount of any of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, to direct that Two or more of such Types, Marks or Stamps, the Duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties so payable respectively, shall be used on the fame Piece of Vellunr, Parchment or Paper, for denoting such Duties, or at their Discretion to cause to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamps for denoting such Duties or any of them, and to cause all Vellum, Parchment and Paper chargeable with such Duties to be damped or marked with the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Devices or Marks used or to be used for denoting and marking Die* for Stamp* on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, the Stamp Duties which shall be payable from time to time, or any of them, altered, maybe changed, varied or altered from time to time, as His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners of Stamp*

Duties for the time being, or any Three of them shall think fit: Provided, that whensoever such Devices or Marks shall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every such case public Notice of every such Change,

Variation or Alteration, shall be given by Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other public Newspaper, a convenient time before the Types, Marks or Stamps ou which such new Devices or Marks shall be made be used.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Ditties in Ireland shall cause fepa- Particular rate and particular Stamps or Marks to be provided and used to denote the Duties which shall from time to Stamps for ce^ time be payable, not only on any Article or Articles for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall be um Duties, required from time to time by any Law or Laws, but also on such other Articles, Matters and Things as to

the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall seem requisite and necessary, or as the said Commissioners of Stamps shall be required by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland; and all such Articles, Matters and Things respectively which shall be issued or granted, made or written after One Month from the Day on.which public Notice shall have been or shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, that such separate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the fame have been or are respectively provided, and which shall be engrossed, written or printed on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper without such Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided or used for the Purpose aforesaid respectively, although such Stamps may be of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount,

(kail be of no other Effect lhan if they had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped 5 and all Persons who shall write or print any such Article, Matter or Tiling on any Paper or Parchment, having any other Stamps than those so provided for the Purpose aforesaid, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as they would he liable to in case such Article, Matter or Thing respectively had been written or printed on Paper or Parchment not marked or stamped.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the Devices or Marks aforesaid, or any of Stamps may he them, shall be changed, varied or altered, it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall at the times respectively of changed* such Alteration or Change have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked with the Impression of the Type, Mark or Stamp, which shall have been so changed, varied or altered, and upon which none of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duties shall be payable shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the Space of Four Months after the Publication of such Advertisement as aforesaid, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to any Dillributor of Stamps, or to any Person appointed to act as a Distributor of Stamps; and thereupon the proper Officer at such Stamp Office, and such Dillributor or Person appointed to adlas such respectively, 'shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered in lieu thereof the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper as shall have been brought or sent as aforesaid, with the Impression of such new Type, Mark or Stamp, without demanding or taking directly orindireftly for the fame any Money or other Consideration whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum 9f Twenty Pounds; and the said Stamps and Marks which shall have been so given or sent in Penalty* shall in every such case be immediately cancelled; and in case any Person shall neglect or omit, within the tiftie aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so marked with the Type, Mark or Stamp, which shall have been so changed, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other Effect than if such Vellum, Parchment or Paper had never been stamped; and that all Matters and Things which shall be engrossed or written thereon, aft«?r such time as shall be appointed by such Advertisement as aforesaid, for making life of such changed or altered

Type*,

95 2

PViper stamped before written upon.

Officers stamping Paper before Duty paid.

[Penalty.]

Additional Sumps put on old Stamp.'.

Spoiled Stamps changed for other*.

Stamping Deeds, See. written on unstampedPaper.

C. 126. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Types, Marks or Stamps as aforesaid, Thallbe of no other Effect than if they had been engrossed or written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped; and all Persona who shall engroft or write any Matter or Thing chargeable with any of the Duties aforesaid, on such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, after the said time* shall incur and suffer such Penalty as is herein directed to be inflicted on Persons writing or engrossing on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment and Paper intended to be charged with any Stamp Duty, shall before any of the Matters or Things in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable shall be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid, to be stamped and marked, and the said Commissioners and Officers are hereby required upon Demand of the Person or Persons so bringing the same, forthwith without any Fee or Reward to (lamp or mark any Quantity or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment or Paper so brought, such Person or Persons paying to such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf, the respective Duties which they shall require to have so stamped or marked on the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner or other Officer appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix or impress any such Mark or Stamp to or upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be brought to the Stamp Office aforesaid to be stamped or marked, before the Duty or Duties denoted thereby shall be duly answered or secured to be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such cases when such Security may by Law be taken, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where tinder or by the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, any Stamps shall at any time be made or become inapplicable to the Purposes for which the fame were intended, then and whenever it shall so happen, it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners, or any of them, and they are hereby required upon Request of any Person or Persons producing any such Stamp or Stamps, to order either that such Vellum, Parchment and Paper be stamped with a Duty denoting a higher Duty, the Person or Persons requesting the fame paying the Difference of Price between the said respective Stamps; or that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper as shall be brought for the Purpose, by the Person requesting the fame, be duly stamped and marked with Stamps, denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requesting the same shall require, in Exchange for such Vellum* Parchment and Paper as shall he offered for Exchange, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given paying the Difference (if any) between the said respective Stamps: Provided always, that the Stamps so previously marked on all such Vellum, Parchment and Paper so to be offered for Exchange be cancelled,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath or solemn Affirmation (if by a Ot/ahr) made before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed* (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby empowered to administer) to his or their Satisfaction, that any stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper printed, engrossed or written upon, and inadvertently and un-designedly obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, hath not been executed qrsigned by any Party or Parties, or used for any of the Purposes for which the fame was or were intended* and that the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account received, and that such Person will not receive any Money or other Consideration for the Stamp thereupon, and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount, unless such Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon the Person or Persons, who shall produce such Proof, delivering such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper rendered unfit for Use as aforesaid, and delivering also at the same time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be stamped, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be stamped or marked with the several and respective Duties stamped, marked or impressed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so rendered unfit for Ule, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the Duty on the fame, any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever.

if

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath engrossed or written at any time since the Commencement of any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, at the time of such Writing or Engrossment was or shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty, save and except a Bill or Note of any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, before such time as the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath been or shall be marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as was or shall be by law required for the fame, or hath or have engrossed or written the fame, or caused the same to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write the fame, or cause the same to be engrossed or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not stamped with any Duty, or stamped or marked for any lower Duty than the Duty payable at the time for what hath been or shall be so engrossed or written thereon, then and in every such case there shall be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Remainder or the whole of the Amount of the Duty (as the case may be) so payable by Law for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, provided the fame mall be brought to be stamped within the Space of Five Years from the Execution of such Deed, Instrument or Writing, or at any time after the Expiration of such Term of Five Years, the Sum of Twenty Pounds over and above such Duty or Remainder of Duty payable as aforesaid; and the proper Officers respectively are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty, or Remainder of Duty, and the Sum of Ten Pounds or Twenty Pounds, as the case may be, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark and (lamp such Vellum* Parchment or Paper, with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively.

16 XXIX. Pro.

1812,

52° GEORGII III.

C. 126. 953

Pauairy.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Instrument, save and except a Bill or Note Within Sixty of any Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall have been engrossed or written on Parchment, Days I^eeds Vellum or Paper not duly damped, and it shall satisfactorily appear to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, ?amRe WM out' upon Oath or Affirmation or otherwise, that the fame hath happened either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity, or unavoidable circumstances, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument, then and in any of the said cases, if such Instrument shall within Sixty Days from the First Execution thereof be brought to the Stamp

Office in the City of Dublin to be damped, and the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument shall be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to remit the Penalty payable as aforesaid on damping such Instrument, or any Part thereof so executed without being stamped, and to cause such Instrument to be stamped with the proper Stamp; and every Person concerned in engrossing any such Instrument, or executing the fame. Hi all be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Deeds executed Duties, and they are hereby authorized to stamp any Instrument executed out of Ireland, upon Payment of out of Ireland the Stamp Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time of such (lamping, without Payment or the said additional Duty of Ten Pounds, or any other Duty or Penalty, within the Space of Six Calendar Months

from the First Execution thereof respectively, in case of the fame being executed in any Part of the United Kingdom, or within the Space of Two Years from the Execution thereof, in case of the fame being executed in any P; ace out of the United Kingdom, Proof being first made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners. that such Instrument was executed out of Ireland, and in the United Kingdom, or out of the United Kingdom, as the case may be, and within the times aforesaid respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things, in respect whereof any of the said Stamp Part of Wrltinf Duties shall be payable, shall be written or printed or written and printed in such manner, (and if printed in on Stamps.

Part, before being damped shall be so stamped) that some Part of the Writing or Printing thereof shall be on the Stamps or Marks which shall in pursuance of any Act or Acts be placed on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper thereof, and such Writing or Printing shall from thence be so continued in the usual Form of Writing, printing, or engrossing Deeds or Writings, so that no blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Instrument whatever, upon Pain that the Person who shall write, engross or print or stamp, or cause to be written, eng rolled, or printed or stamped, any such Writing, Matter or Thing, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall engross, or write or prinr, or cause to be Persons and engrossed, written or printed upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any Instrument, Writing, Matter or Officers of Thing for which such Vellum, Parchment or Paper ought according to the Laws which shall be then in force, Deed^onl'T^r: to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of any Stamp Duty, such Vellum, Parchment or Paper not duly(lamped, being then not duly marked or stamped with such Mark or Stamp as shall be then by Law required, or marked

or stamped for any lower Duty or Duties than the Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law payable thereon in respect to the Matter or Thing so engrossed, written or printed thereon, or marked or stamped with any Mark oj; Stamp which shall have been previously used for any other Purpose, such Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case any Person or Persons shall at any Pcmlty. time file in any Court of Law or Equity, any Pleading, Affidavit, or other Proceeding, Matter or Thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, and there shall not be any time exprefbly allowed by Law for stamping the fame after the filing thereof, and that such Pleading, Affidavit,

Proceeding, Matter or Thing shall not at the time of filing thereof be duly stamped, then and in every such case every Person v. lio shall so file the fame, or cause the same to be filed, and also every Officer of such Court who shall leceive the fame, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case Penalty, any Clerk, Officer or other Person who in respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entitled or en-truiled to make, engross or write any Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, which shall be then chargeable with a Stamp Duty, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which shall be then existing and in force in Ireland, or to issue any Process, or to file any Proceeding, or to do any Act in the Execution of his Office with respect to any Article, Matter or Thing chargeable with any such Duty, shall be guilty of ^ny Fraud, Practice or Neglect, by means whereof His Majesity, his Heirs or Successors, may be defrauded of any such Duty, Ly making, engrafting or writing any such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing, or by causing the same to be made, engrossed or written upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not duly marked or stamped according to such Laws as shall be then existing and in force, or upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp orlmpression which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by engrossing or writing any such Record, Deed, Instrument or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be marked or stamped for a lower Duty than the Duty which shall be then by Law payable for the fame, or by neglecting to do any thing required by him to be done in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any thing contrary to the Duty of his Office, in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, that then and ip every such case, such Clerk, Officer or Person so guilty of any such Fraud, Practice or Neglect, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall also upon Conviction of such Offence for- Penalty, feit his Office, Place or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court w.batsoever, shall be guilty of any such Fraud as aforesaid, and x shall be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an Attorney 5 and if any Record*

Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, on which any Stamp Duty is charged and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be written dr engrossed by any Person or Persons whatsoever (not being a known Clerk or Officer who in respect of any 52 Geo. III. 6 G Office-

5)54

C. 126.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Antedating

Deeds.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Stamps judicially noticed.

Deeds on higher Stamps than required valid; unless in case of appropriated Stamps.

inspectors of Stamps in Courts, and Orders of Courts thereon.

Prices of stamped Paper afeer-ta'ned, and d«f-tributed ihrv u0h Ireland,

Office or Employment is or shall be entitled to the making, writing or engrossing the fame) upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or damped according to Law, or shall be written or engrossed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or damp: . fora lower Duty than is by Law payable thereon, (except under the Rules, Regulations and Directions in this Act contained), then and in every such case there shall be due and paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every such Deed, Instrument or Writing, over and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Law, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and no such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Person, to be good, useful or available in Law or Equity, until as well such Stamp Duty a9 the said Sum of Ten Pounds shall be first paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the fame, under the Hand or Hands of some Officer appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps; nor until the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with the proper Mark or Stamp, to denote the Duty payable thereon; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby enjoined and required upon Payment or Tender of such Duty and the Sum of Ten Pounds unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark or (lamp such Vellum, Parchment or Paper with the Mark or Stamp proper for such Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument or Writing respectively*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the Purpose of evading any of the Stamp Duties which shall at any time be payable under any Act or Acts then in force in Ireland, execute any stamped Instrument without a Date, or which shall bear Date prior to such Execution thereof, or shall fraudulently crafe or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Date, Sum or Thing engrossed or written in such Instrument, Matter or Thing as aforesaid, or shall fraudently cut, tear or take off any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Stamp or Mark for any other Writing, Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be then payable, then and in any such case every such Person so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds and any Deed, Instrument or Writing wherein any of the said Frauds shall have been committed, shall be deemed not to have been duly stamped; Provided nevertheless, that if any Deed or Instrument shall have been duly executed by any of the Parties thereto on the Day when the fame bear9 Date, such Deed or Instrument may be lawfully executed at any Time afterwards by the other Parties thereto, or any of them, notwithstanding any intervening Change in the Stamp Duty or Duties payable on such Deed or Instrument, if the same shall have been duly stamped at the time of such prior Execution thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Justice and Judges in Ireland shall, without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf, take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps kept or used, or to be kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for denoting the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be payable in Ireland; and that no Record, Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing whatever, for which the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the fame is or shall be written or printed, is or shall be by Law chargeable with any Stamp Duty, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given or received in Evidence in any Court in Ireland, or admitted in any Court in Ireland to be good or available in Law or Equity, unless the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the same shall be so written or printed, shall be duly marked or stamped with the Mark or Stamp that shall be proper for such Deed, Instrument, Writing or Printing respectively: Provided always, that if any Dried, Instrument or Writing shall happen to be executed on any Stamp of an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty payable for such respective Deed, Instrument or Writing at the time of the Execution thereof, the same shall be considered as duly stamped to all Intents and Purposes; Provided nevertheless, that if such Deed, Instrument or Writing shall be of a Kind for which separate and particular Stamps or Marks shall have been provided as aforesaid, then and in such case the same shall not be considered as duly stamped, for or in respect of having thereon any Stamp to an Amount greater than the Stamp Duty then payable thereon, unless such greater Stamp so impressed thereon shall be Cme of the Stamps or Marks so appropriated to such Kind of Deed, Instrument or Writing.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being shall and may from time to time as they shall see Occasion, appoint One or more (it Person or Persons to attend in any Court or Courts, Office or Offices in Ireland, which Person or Persons shall have full Power and Authority to inspect and examine the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which any of the Matters or Things in respect of which any Stamp Duty shall at any time be payable, shall have been engrossed or written or put, and also the Marks or Stamps thereupon, and also all other Matters and Things tending to secure the Duties which have beefa or shall from time to time be payable upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland; and that the Judges in the several Courts in Ireland, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the Request of the said Commissioners, or of any of them, shall make such Orders in their respective Courts, and do such other Matters and Things for the better securing of the said Duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

XXXVI. And, for the better Distribution of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper in Ireland, and that all Persons may have the fame with Convenience, and at an easy Rate, be it enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland ior the time being shall, as often as he or they shall think proper, set the Prices at which all Sorts of Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper shall be sold; and the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall (lamp the Prices so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and on every Piece and Sheet of Paper so by them to be sold; and that the said Commissioners shall take spedal Care that the several Parts of Ireland shall be from time to time sufficiently furnished with such Vellum, Parchment and Paper damped or marked as aforesaid, so that all Persons may have t in their Election to buy

7 the

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126.

the fame of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment and Paper to be stamped as aforesaid, or to fumish themselves from others who shall be legally entitled to utter or sell the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in their Discretion to grant to any Person or Persons whom they shall think fit and proper for the Purpose, (not being a Distributor of Stamps appointed by the said Commissioners) a Licence to deal in and retail Stamps, which Licence shall be duly stamped: Provided always, that every Person requiring such Licence shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, which Bond the said Commissioners or any of them are hereby empowered to take for His Majesty's Use, in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that such Person shall not fell or offer to Sale, or have or keep in his or her Possession any forged or counterfeit Stamp, or purchase any Stamp or Stamps save only at the Office of the said Commissioners in Dublin, or from some Distributor of Stamps duly appointed by the said Commissioners: Provided also, that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person to deal in or to retail Stamps in any Town or Place in Ireland (except within the District of Dublin Metropolis), where a Distributor of Stamps shall have been appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall reside and act as such Distributor.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners/ or any Three of them, by Notice under their Hands, at their Pleasure to revoke, annul, and make void any such Licence, or any Licence for felling .Stamps, or stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or any of them heretofore granted or hereafter to be granted.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall have had such Licence shall at the time of his or her Death, or at the Expiration or Revocation of such Licence, have in his» her or their Possession any Quantity of such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and he or she, if living, or if dead, then his or her Executors, Admitiistrators or next of Kin, or any of them, shall within One Calendar Month next following fend the same to the Stamp Office in Dublin, the said Commissioners or such Officer as they shall appoint shall receive the same, and shall pay for the fame the full Value thereof, deducing thereout such Per Centage, if any, as such Person shall have been allowed for such Stamps on purchasing the fame, on such Person or Persons who shall so carry the fame making an Affidavit before the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any of them, or any Justice of the Peace, that the fame was in the Possession of the Person or Persons so dying, or having had such Licence so expired or revoked, for the Purpose of Sale at the time when such Person or Personsfo died, or the said Licence expired or was revoked, and upon proving to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties that such Stamps were purchased at the Stamp Office, or from a Distributor of Stamps, by the Person or Persons who obtained such Licence, and thereupon such Stamps shall be immediately cancelled.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons other than such Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid, (halt vend or sell in any Part of Ireland any Vellum, Parchment or Paper damped with any of the Stamp Duties which shall be then payable, without having obtained from the said Commimoners of Stamps such Licence for that Purpose, which shall be subsisting in force and unrevoked at the time of such vending or selling; and if any Person or Persons other than such Distributor or Sub Distributor as aforesaid, shall without having obtained such Licence, or after the same shall have expired or been revoked as aforesaid, utter, vend or sell any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper so damped, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and if any Proceedings shall be taken for Recovery of the said Penalty, whether in any Court in Dublin, or by Civil Bill, or before a Magistrate, it shall not be necessary to prove that the Stamps so fold were true and genuine Stamps, nor shall it be any Defence for the Person against whom such Proceedings shall be taken to shew that such Stamp? were false, forged or counterfeited, but the Person so felling the fame without Licence shall be deemed and taken to have fold damped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as the case may be, without Licence, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided however, that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Person so felling such forged Stamps from the Consequences of felling the fame knowing the same to be forged, if such Knowledge shall be duly proved in a Proceeding properly taken for that Purpose.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by Warrant under his or their Hand4 and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to authorize any Person or Persons, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or any Peace Officer, in the Day time to enter into the House or Habitation of any Person licensed tofell Stamps as aforesaid, and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant, the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then to break open the fame respectively, and to search for, inspect and examine such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, as shall be in the House wherein such Person shall dwell, in order to fee whether the Stamps thereon or any of them be forged; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons so authorized as aforesaid, with the Assistance of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, in the Day time to enter into the House or Habitation of such Person or Persons licensed to fell Stamps, and if on Demand and Notice of such Warrant the Door of the House in which such Person shall dwell, or any Inner Door thereof, shall not be opened, then with the Assistance, and in the Presence of a Magistrate or Peace Officer, to break open the fame respectively; and in case the said Stamps or any of them shall appear to be counterfeited or forged, then and in that case to seize and carry away the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or any of the Dominions thereto belonging, shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die, Mark or stamp, to resemble any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp at any <fcime heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office of the Commissioners at Stamp

6 G 2 Duties

95S

Commissionert may license Persons to deal in Stamps.

I icences revoked.

Sumps in ffa-fession of Dealers dying, or whose .Licences revoked allowed for.

Persons (not being Distritar tors) felling Stamps without Licence.

[Penalty.]

Provift.

Commissionncs to grant Warrant to search for forged Sumps.

Persons foighig Dies;

r having Dies unlawfully in PoTeflion;

or flamping Paper Sec. unlawfully;

1 using, or ut-tftinj, or having for S ile forged Scamps.

or Sramp Officer* or oilier l'ersons ltnmp-ing Paper, fee. u ith lawful Dies without Authority of Cotn-nailfio tiers.

First Offence. Second One nee.

Licences.

45G3.C. 50.

47 G.3. ScfT.z,

«.1*.

47 0. 3 Sess. 1.

1. IS-

Cotr.mi.Toriers may grant Lkeuces.

C. 126. $2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

1 Duties m Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped, any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act or Acts which has been or shall be at any time in force in Ireland, although such Act or Acts may net be in force, or such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp may not be kept or used at the said Head Office at the time of such forging or counterfeiting; or if any Person or Persons slave and except such Person or Persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and to use tli fame, for the Purpose of stamping Vellum, Parchment or Paper, by or Under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being) shall have in his, her ch* their Possession any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp to resemble any Type, Die, Mark or Stamp heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped, any of the Duties so charged or to be charged thereon as aforesaid, although such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp should not be then kept or used at the said Head Office, or the Duty denoted thereby should not be then payable in Ireland; or shall mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter which heretofore was or hereafta* shall be directed to be stamped, any Device, Mark or Impression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Head Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter or Thing so directed to be stamped, any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act of Parliament which shall be or shall have been in force in Ireland at or before the time when such Mark or Device shall have been so used or kept at the said Head Office, though such Act or Acts may not be in force, or such Device, Mark or Impression may not be used or kept at the said Head Office at the time of such Offence committed; or if any Person shall use, utter, vend or sell, or cause to be used, uttered, vended or sold, or shall have in his or her Possession with Intent to use, utter, vend or sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter, with any counterfeit Device, Mark or Impression thereupon, to resemble any Device, Mark or 1m-pression which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Head Office aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, though not then used or kept for the said Purposes, or any of them, or though the Doty denoted thereby shall not be then payable in Ireland, knowing such Device, Mark or Impression to be counterfeited; or if any Officer or Officers in the Employment of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any 'Other Person or Persons whatever, shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, or be aiding, abetting or afiiiting in marking or impressing, or in causing or procuring to be marked or impressed, any Stamp, Mark or Impression denoting any of the Duties aforesaid, on any Vellum, Parchment or Paper not delivered to him or them by or by the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, for the Purpose of being stamped with any Type*, Die, Mark or Stamp which has been or shall be used, kept or made at the Head Office aforesaid, for die denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper any of the Duties charged or to be charged thereon by any Act of Parliament, though such Type, Die, Mark or Stamp should not be then kept at the said Head Office, or the Duty denoted thereby flumld not be then payable in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, knowingly have in his, her or their Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper lo fraudently stamped or marked with any of the aforesaid Duties; then and in every of said cases, even- such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall, for the First of the Offences aforesaid whereof he or she shall be cot*-vifted, be transported for the Term of Seven Years; and for any of the Offences aforesaid which he or she shall commit after such Conviction, shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIII. And, for the better regulating and securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties on the several Licences subject to Stamp Duty, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland', shall be granted in manner and under the Rules and Regulations prescribed and contained in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, and for difeour aging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, as the fame is amended by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, and by any subsequent Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, and that all Licences to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable* Commodities shall be granted in manner and under the Rules and Regulations prescribed and contained in an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, as the fame is amended by any subsequent Act in force at the time of the passing of this Act: Provided always, that no Collector of Excise or Taxes shall receive any Duty payable on such Licences, nor shall receive the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty; hut the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any One of them, or any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or by any Three of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required to grant such Licences on Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly stamped, with the Duty required by Law for any such Licence or Licences respectively, to any Person or Persons who shall respectively require the fame, without Fee or Reward, in such manner and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from time to time order and direct, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year aforesaid, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of granting such Licences respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties or any One of them, and such Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, in their respective Districts, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall and may under his or their

5 Hand

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 12 6. 957

Hand or Hinds grant any Lteence or Licences on which any Stamp Duty is or niay be imposed by Law,

and which shall not by any Law be required to be granted by any other Person or Persons to any Person or Persons who shall require the fame in Writing, and mall be duly qualified for the fame; and such Licence

shall be granted without Fee or Reward, on Payment of the Stamp Duty due thereon; and that in all such Particulars of

Licences shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence as herein after mentioned; and also the Licences granted

Name or Names, and Place or Places of Residence of the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, the Date of issuing the fame, and the time for which the same shall be in force, in Manner and Form

as may be from time to time directed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for that Purpose, and the

Place or Places in which the Business for which such Licence is granted is to be carried on, so far as the

Nature of the Business shall allow it to be confined to any Place or Places capable at the time of being specified

or described.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence to be granted under the Authority of the said Annual Conti-Commissioners of Stamps shall have force from the Day of granting the fame, or from such Day subsequent nVance thereto a6 shall be mentioned in said Licence, unto and until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following licences, the Day on which the said Licence shall so begin to have force, and no longer, unless otherwise particularly directed by any Act of Parliament; but if such Licence shall be granted to Two or more Persons, and any or either of them shall die before such Twenty fifth Day of March next following, nevertheless such Licence shall continue in force for the Benefit of the Survivor or Survivors during the time aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland shall use, exercise or follow any Trade, Unlicensed Per-Business, Occupation or Calling, on the Licence for the using or exercising whereof a Stamp Duty is imposed, fans exercising without having previously taken out such Licence duly stamped, and in manner by Law directed; and that every Person offending herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, save penalty. in such particular cases wherein any other Penalty is or shall be annexed to the said Offence by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall at any time be granted by the Authority of Licences the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to any Pei foil or Persons to fell Stamps, or any other Matter or Tiling, only to extend or to carry on any Trade, Business, Profession or Calling whatsoever, in any particular House, Place or mentioned. District mentioned in such Licence, such Person or Persons shall not be thereby authorized or entitled to fell .such Stamps or other Matter or Tiling, or to carry on such Trade, Business, Profession or Calling in any other House, Place or District, but shall, as to every such other House, Place or District, be considered as unlicensed, and subject to all Pains and Penalties as such, save as herein otherwise particularly provided.

XLVITI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Person who shall have obtained any such Li- On Removal of cence shall be minded to remove from the Place mentioned in such Licence for camring on such Business, and Parties licenced,

: to carry on the fame in any other House in the fame City, Town or Town Land, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person to carry or feud such Licence to the said Commissioners or licence, any of them, or to any Officer or Officers to be by them appointed for that Purpose, or who shall be entitled to grant such Licence, who shall indorse the fame on the said Licence; and thereupon and from thenceforth such Licence shall be good, valid and effectual, according to the Contents thereof, and the said Iudorfement in the same manner to all Intents and Purposee, as if such House so indorsed was mentioned in the Body of such Licence for carrying on such Business, and not otherwise; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who is or shall be authorized or empowered to Persons issuing grant or issue any Licence on which a Stamp Duty is or shall be by Law imposed, shall grant or issue any such Licences on un-

Licence on undamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not stamped with a ai>cr* the Stamp which is or shall be by Law required, or in any other Manner or Form than that which shall be

required by Law, or directed by the said Commissioners, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, and if Judgment shall be entered against any Person on any Information for such Offence, such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever difubled from being again Penalty# appointed thereto.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall cause to be printed or Purpose of.written on every Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which shall be damped any of the Duties which L'cence Ante* are or from time to time shall be by Law payable in respect of any Licence, the Purport of such Licence, 1 eieou* and the time for which it is to continue, and the Place or Places wherein it is to be of force, so far as the fame ncan be dated.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall keep any Printing Prefe, or Types for Licences for printing in Ireland, without fird taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the said Commissioners of Stamp FiuitiugPiefies* Duties; and that the said Commissioners shall from time to time under their Hands and Seals grant such Licence for keeping Printing Presses or Types, to such Person or Persons as shall apply for the fame, and shall have performed the Requisites which shall by any Law then in force in Ireland be necessary to be performed, previous to the granting thereof, which Licence shall date the House where such Pres9 or Presses, or Types, are to be used; and every Person or Persons who shall keep or use such Press, or a Printing Press, or Types for printing, without having obtained such Licence, or in any other House save the House so mentioned in such Licence, shall forfeit such Printing Press and Types, and the Sum of Forty Pounds. Penalty.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall at any time either publicly or privately Licences for in-insure or open or keep any Office in Ireland forinfuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or luring from Fir* other Property from Lois by Fire, or for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from the Danger of the and Dangers at Sea9Kor other Perils at Sea> without having fird taken out* and continuing to take out annually a Licence ca*

> for

958

C. 126.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811.

Licences granted by Commissioners of Sumps.

licences to Cor rorations or rartnerships.

Insurances made in Ireland for British Companies liable only to Irish Duties.

fnfurances made

for that Purpose from the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, in manner herein after mentioned, and having such Licence in force at the time of making such Insurance, or opening or keeping such Office.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being, shall under their Hands and Seals annually grant a Licence for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property from Lola by Fire; and also for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, to all and every Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons applying for the fame; which Licence shall set forth the Name or Names and other Description of the Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Person or Persons taking out the fame; and also the House or other Place where such Business of insuring from Lossby Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, shall at the time of taking out such Licence be principally carried on.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where such Business of insuring is or shall be carried on by a Company confiding of a greater Number of Partners than Four, the Licence so to be granted by the said Commissioners or any of them in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such Two or more of such Company or Partners as and for the whole Company or Partnership as shall be named to the said Commissioners under Authority from such Company or Partnership; and in every such case the Licence so granted shall continue in full force for the Benefit of such Company or Partnership, until the regular time of Expiration thereof herein mentioned, notwithstanding the Deaths of the Persons to whom such Licence shall be so granted, or of either or any of them.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances for insuring Houses, Furniture, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or from Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, which shall be made or effected by any Persons resident in Ireland and appointed by the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance in London, or by the Corporation of London Assurance, or either of them, or by any Company in Great Britain for insuring Property, as the Agents of such Corporations or Companies respectively, shall be subject and liable only to the Duties which shall from time to time be payable on such Insurances in Ireland, and to no other Duties whatsoever, although the Policies by which such Insurances shall be made shall be under the Common Seal of the said Corporations or Companies respectively, and although the same shall be completed in the Whole or in Part previous to their being lent to such Agents in Ireland; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances whatever, for insuring Property from Loss by Fire,

in Ireland liable or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, for which Subscriptions shall be received or Policies° DiUt^ or Receipts be delivered out, or respecting which any other Matter or Thing shall be done in Ireland, by a gu uons. any Person or Persons who shall act for or on Behalf of any Person or Persons, or for or on Behalf of an v Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, shall be liable to all Duties made payable in respect of the several Insurances under or by virtue of any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland % and that all and every Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, and every Person or Persons acting in Ireland for or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate in Great Britain, who shall effect such Insurances or cause the same to be effected, shall in respect of such Insurances be subject and liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things as are or shall be contained in any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland, relating to Insurances by any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or their Agents, in Ireland.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Courts of Justice and Judges in Great Britain shall, without Allegation or Proof in that Behalf, take judicial Notice of the several Types, Marks and Stamps which shall from time to time be kept or used at the said Head Office in Dublin, fer stamping or marking such Insurance or wherewith the fame may or ought to be stamped, as and for the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps for the said Purpose, and that no such Insurance shall on any Pretence whatsoever be pleaded or given or received in Evidence in any Court in Great Britain, or admitted in any Court in Great Britain to be good or available in Law or Eauity, unless the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the same shall be so written or printed shall duly stamped.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now do or hereafter shall insure or set up or keep in Ireland any Office for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property from Loss by Fire, or for insuring Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, without such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or Place except the House or Place to be named in such Licence as aforesaid, or such other House or Houses, Place or Places as shall be subordinate to the House or Place so to be named in such Licence, and be kept by some Person or Persons employed as Agent or Agents to such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons having such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any Act or Acts which may from time to time be in force in Ireland relating in any wise to the Collection or Regulation of Stamp Duties, shall forfeit for every Day on which such Offence shall be committed the Sum of Forty Pounds, and also Double the Amount of the Premiums or Premium of Insurance which such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons shall receive on any such Day in such House or Place.

LIX. And, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds to evade the Duty on Insurance against Loss by iicented Persons. Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall act in Ireland as Agent or Agents for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in publicly or privately insuring, or receiving Subscriptions for insuring, or delivering out Policies or Receipts for Insurance from Loss by Fire, or from the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, except, for such Pertou

British Courts to take judicial Notice of lii(h Insurance Stamps.

Persons nuking Insurances not Jiccnfed.

[Penalty.]

Agents to un-

959

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126.

or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, shall at the time of receiving such Licence give such Security with sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors in such Sums respectively as the said Commissioners may think reasonable, having respect to the probable Amount of the Duty payable by such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons respectively for Half a Year, with Condition that if such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign and deliver an Account of all Monies received for such Duties upon Insurances, and well and truly make Payment of all such Sums of Money as shall be due and payable thereon, in such manner as shall from time to time be required by Law, and also do and shall truly and faithfully observe and perform all the Directions, Matters and Things then by Law required, on his, her or their Behalf to be observed and performed, such Bond shall be void, but otherwise shall remain in full force.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so to be licensed, who shall grant any Policy of Insurance for in Turing Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, or shall continue to insure on any Policy, shall by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as are, is, or shall be employed by or under them previous to the granting or continuing such Policy of Insurance, demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person or Persons for cr on Behalf of whom such Insurance shall be so effected, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, the Duty which shall be then by Law payable on such Insurance, and such Insurer shall give a Receipt for the Duty so paid, expressing the Period for which the fame was so paid, and such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate so granting such Policy, shall in all cases be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors for said Duty, as if the fame had actually been so received.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Policy of Insurance upon any Ship, or upon any Share or Interest: therein, shall be made in Ireland for a certain Term longer than Twelve Calendar Months, and every Policy which shall be made expressly for any longer Term shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, or other Person or Persons who shall have obtained a Licence for any Office of Iufurance, or who shall receive or take any Premium for Insurance against Loss by Fire, or the Danger of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, shall from time to time keep true and faithful Accounts in Writing, of the Number of every such Policy or Ioflrument of Insurance which shall be issued or granted or continued by such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons, as also of the Name or Names of the Person or Persons insuring, and the Place or Places of his, her or their Abode, the Sum insured, and the time for which the same shall be so insured, and also the Day of the Month and Year in which every such Policy shall be issued, upon Pain of forfeiting for not keeping such Accounts, or for wilfully making any false Entry therein, or omitting therefrom any Entry which ought to be contained therein, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; which Accounts shall at all times be open for the Inspection of any Person or Persons duly authorized under the Hands and Seals or under the Hand and Seal of One or more of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward 5 and if any Person who shall have any such Account in his or her Power or Custody, shall not on Demand produce the lame, without Fee or Reward, to any Person so authorized, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, and other Person and Persons who shall have any Licence for any Insurance Office in Ireland, shall from time to time within the Space of Two Months after every Twenty fourth Day of June, Twenty ninth Day of September, Twenty fifth Day of December, and Twenty fifth Day of March, and also at such other time and times as they shall by Fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing be required by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any of them, deliver or cause to be delivered true Copies of the Accounts hereinbefore directed to be kept by such licensed Insurance Office or Offices, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or such other licensed Person or Persons respectively for the Quarter which shall have been completed next before such Day of Delivery or Notice, as the case shall be, and at the same time shall pay all such Sum and Sums a9 shall appear to be due on such Accounts, every such Delivery and Payment to be made as follows respectively; that is to say, if the House named in the Licence of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons for conducing the Business of such Insurance shall be in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then such Accounts shall be so delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the same at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and such Payment shall be made to the Receiver General for the time being, for receiving the said Duties, at the said Office 5 and if such House shall be in any other Part of Ireland, then such Accounts shall be furoiflied, and such Payments made to the Distributor or Distributors of the DiflriC in which such House shall be, or the Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to act as Distributor or Distributors for the said District, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Default in not delivering such Copies of the said Accounts as aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Pounds, and for every Default in not paying the Money due on the said Accounts as aforesaid, Double the Amount of the said Monies due on the said Accounts respectively at the time of such Default.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, £0 to be licensed as aforesaid respectively, shall be entitled to retain for their own Use, for their Care and-

Trouble

[Penalty.]

Bond by Persons licensed to in-Cure.

Duty demanded from Parties making Iufurance.

Receipt.

Ships insured for 1 a Months*

Insurance Corporations, ft c. to keep Accounts-of Insurances.

Penalty

[Penalty.]

Accounts delivered to Stamp Commissioners and Duty paid quarterly.

[Penalty.]

Allowance to Insurers fer Accounts, ftc.

A.D. 1812.

960

Policy of In-furaucc defined.

Licence* to Notaries Public.

Pttnky.

Notaries to keep Accounts of Bills noted <md pay Duty on Piotefts.

fiahy.

Proof of Licence to lie 011 Party.

Law Stamps.

Attornies not to jjra&itc except in Courts where fwora.

C. 12& 52*' GEORGII III.

Trouble in receiving the said Duties and making out such Accounts as herein directed, after the Rate of

One Shilling in the Pound out of the Monies by them accounted for and paid to the Receiver General or Distributors, or Persons ailing as such respectively, according to the Directions herein contained.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Instrument, Note or Memorandum, Letter, Muni-ment or Writing, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, or for making any valuable Compensation for or on the Loss of any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Monies or £fFe&6, or upon any Loss by Fire, or from any Loft whatsoever from the Danger of the Sea, or other Perils at Sea, shall be construed, deemed and adjudged to be a Policy of Insurance within the Meaning of this Act, and of all Acts by which any Duty has been or shall or may be hereafter imposed on such Policies of Insurance, unless the contrary shall be expressljr provided.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for the time being may, under their Hands and Seals, grant a Licence to any Pcvfon to enable him to act as a Public Notary, and that no Person shall act as a Public Notary in Ireland without having obtained such Licence for that Purpose; and that any such Person who shall act as a Public Notary in Ireland without having obtained such Licence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; provided however, that such Licence shall not authorize or empower any Person to act as such Notary Public, who shall not be duly authorized and empowered so to do.

LXVIII. And whereas it hath been the Custom for Public Notaries to note Bills of Exchange for Non Payment or Non Acceptance, and Promissory Notes for Non Payment, and not to proteff the fame respeo- tively in proper Form of Law, by which the Payment of the Duties upon such noting or notarial Acts has been or may be evaded; For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every Public Notary in Ireland shall once in every Two Months deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or to some Person authorized by them or any One of them to receive the same there, a faithful and true Account in Writing and upon Oath before the Commissioners of Stamp-Duties, if such Notary shall rclide in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, or before a Justice of the Peace if he shall reside in any other Part of Ireland, of such Bills of Exchange and Notes as aforesaid, which shall have been noted by such Public Notary since the lait preceding Account so delivered by the said Notary, or if no such Account shall have been so delivered by him, then since the obtaining of his Licence, and shall at the same time pay unto the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties the Duty which would then by Law be payable for or in respect of every such Bill of Exchange or Note if protested; and in case any Public Notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the Duties aforesaid, every such Public Notary shall for every such Neglect or Default in delivering a true Account of such noting, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Default of Payment of the Money due on such Account, and Double the Amount of the Money due on such Account at the time of such Default.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced again! any Person for carrying on any Trade, Lufiness, Profession or Calling, or doing any Matter or Thing without having a Licence for (0 doing from the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has obtained such Licence duly stamped shall lie on the Party against whom such Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And, for the better securing the Payment of the several Duties payable by Attornies, Solicitor* and Proctors, and on Proceedings in Courts of Justice in Ireland, beitenadnd. That, from and after the Commencement of this Act? every Person to be sworn or admitted an Attorney in any of His Majesty's Court of Law, or any Court of Record whatsoever in Ireland, or a Solicitpr of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, shall, previous to such Admission into such Court, produce to the proper Officer to whom he rhali apply to btr admitted an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, a Certificate signed under the Hand or Hands of some Person appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the time being. Hating that such Person has paid such Duty as shall be then by Law payable on such Admission, and Hating the Amount thereof, which Certificate shall be lodged with such Officer of every Court into which he shall Ik.* admitted, and shall remain in his Custody, to be examined by the said Commissioners, or any of tluf.i, or by any Officer by them appointed for that Purpose, at any time they or he shall think fit; and that every Person who shall be bound an Apprentice to an Attorney in Ireland, shall also obtain a written Certificate from some Person appointed for that Purpose by the said Cornr.uflioners, of his having paid the Duty which shall be by Law payable on such Indentures of Appreuticeship, at the time of executing the fame, which Certificate shall be lodged with the proper Officer of the Court in which such Indentures shall he inrolled, or of the Court or One of the Courts to which the Mailer of such Apprentice shall belong; and the Officer or Officers of such Court is and are hereby required to take Charge of and keep such Certificate, so that the fame may and shall be produced and read in open Court before the Admission of such Person to be an Attorney, and produced to a Mailer of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, before he shall be admitted and sworn a Solicitor as aforesaid; and that no Person shall be capable of pradlifitig as an Attorney or Solicitor respectively in Ireland, unless he shall ha\e paid the Stamp Duty or Stamp Duties, if any, which have been or shall be by Law payable by him when bound an Apprentice, and when admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, at or previous to the time of his being admitted an Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney shall practise in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Attorney in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, or in any Court of Record whatsoever in Ireland, in which Attornies are admitted, except only in such Court or Courts in which he shall actually have been admitted and sworn an Attorney, on Pain of the Person so pra&ifwg being rendered incapable of being sworn

or

A.D. 1812. ji' GEORGII III. C. 126.

or practising as an Attorney or Solicitor in any Court in Ireland; and every Attorney who shall so practise in any Court in which he shall not have been admitted and sworn an Attorney* shall be disabled from recovering the Cods of any Proceedings carried on by him in any Court.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled or registered as a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a Proctor, Agent or Procurator in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or iu any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or m any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or move, shall annually before the Fint Day of January, during such time as be shall continue to practise in any of the said Courts, or if not befoac the said Day, then before such Person shall commence, carry on or defend any Action or Suit, or any other Proceeding whatsoever in any of the said Courts, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing, containing the Name and usual Place of Residence of such Person, and Hating whether he has been so admitted Three Years or not, and thereupon, and upon Payment of the Duties which shall then be by Law imposed on him as such Solicitor, Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, according to the time he has been admitted, as dated in such Paper or Note in Writing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly damped, to denote the Payment of the said Duty by him, describing him in such Certificate according to the Description contained in the said Note so given in by him, which Certificate the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate issued to any Solicitor or Attorney, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, under the Directions of this Act, shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be issued, and shall commence and be of force on and from the Day of issuing the lame, or on and from the Fird Day of January next following, according as the Person obtaining the feme shall desire; and every such Certificate shall cease and determine on the Fint Day of January next after the Day on which the same shall so commence and be of force. '

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate so to be obtained as aforesaid shall be produced in One of the Courts in which the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn orregistered, to some Officer or Officers of the said Court, to be appointed for that Purpose by the Judges of the said Courts respectively, either before the Fird Day of Hilary Term in each Year, or if after the said Fird Day of Hilary Term, then before such Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator shall be permitted to practise as aforesaid; and every such Officer so to be appointed shall and he is hereby required from time to time upon the JProdudion of such Certificate duly damped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to enter in its Order alphabetically the Name or the Person described in such Certificate, together with the riace of such his Residence, and the time he has been admitted as aforesaid, and the Date of such Certificate, in a Book or Roll to be prepared for that Purpose, to all which Books or Rolls in the said Courts respectively, all Persons shall and may at all seasonable times have free Access without Fee or Reward.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fird Day of Hilary Term in each Year, any Person who shall in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, sue out any Writ or 4Procefs, or commence, prosecute, carry on or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings as an Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator in any of the Courts aforesaid, without having obtained such Certi-frcate which shall be then in force, and caused the Matters therein dated to be entered in one of the Courts in such manner as hereinbefore is directed, or shall deliver in to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or to die Officer to be appointed by them for the Purpose of issuing, granting or registering such Certificate, any selfe or fiditious Place of Residence, or any false or fiditious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, or of the time when he shall have been so admitted, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward or Difbursement on account of prosecuting, carrying on or defending any such Action, Suit or Proceeding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Declaration, Plea or Demurrer in any Action or Suit at Law In any of His Majesty VCourts of Record in Ireland, nor any Bill or Answer, Plea or Demurrer in any Court t>f Equity m Ireland\ shall be received or filed, unless the Attorney or Solicitor tendering the feme to be filed shall, at or before the time he shall so tender the same to the Officer of the Court with whom the fame ought to be filed, deposit with such Officer the Warrant empowering him to prosecute or defend such Suit or Action, which Warrant such Officer shall without Fee or Reward fife and keep in his Office; and if any Officer of any such Court shall receive any of such Pleadings without such Warrant having been so deposited with him, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds with CofU of Suit, to any Person who shall fuq for the feme in any of His Majesty's superior Courts in Dublin.

LXXV! I. And be it further enacted, That no Monition, nor any Process or Mandate to require the Appearance df any Person or Persons whatsoever, in any Suit, shall issue oiTpafs the Seal of any Eccfefiastical Court, or of the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, nor shall any Appearance be received or entered in any Suit in any of the said Courts, nnfefs and until the Proctor who shall issue such Process or Mandate, or who shall enter such Appearance, shall have fird fifed, or cause to be filed with the proper Officer of the Court who shall issue such Process or Mandate, or shall enter or fife such Appearance, a Warrant of Attorney duly stamped from the Person or Persons at whose Suit or on whose Behalf such Procefe or Mandate shall so issue, or such 52 Geo. III. H'Appearance

961

Annual Certificates of pcafti-sing Attoraies, &c.

Certificate! In force to lft January yearly.

Entry if Certificated on Rolls of Court.

AttdrnTeiprse* fifing without Certificate.

[Penalty.]

FilingWarrans 1 of Attorney to appear.

[Penalty.]

Filing Warrants in Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts;

9<>2V

C'. 126.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Rrovtfo in case of AWence of.Clients.

Exception as to Judgments by Cognovit, &c.

Attmmies, Sec. not paying Stamp Duties charged.

[Penalty.]

Charge by Skin for Equity Pleadiogs according to Number of Stamps, and Coils taxed in Chancery accordingly.

Penalty* Matter', Sec,

[Penalty.]

If Two Skins in the Whole.

Charge on Copies of Affidavit*.

[Penalty.]

Affidavits damped on each Side.

Transcripts of Records in Exchequer Chamber.

Records, &c. written in usual way.

Appearance shall be entered) empowering such Prodof to ifitie such Process or Mandate, or to enter such Appearance* as the case may be.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Party by whom any such Warrant of Attorney ought to be executed shall be out of Ireland, the Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor so prosecuting or defending the fame, shall be received so to prosecute or defend the fame, in all cases in which he'would be so received if this A d had not passed, but not otherwise, on his making an Affidavit before the proper Officer, which said Officer is hereby empowered to administer, that his Client is out of Ireland as he verily believes, Sind on paying the Duty .which shall be then payable on such Warrants of Attorney respectively, of which the said Omcer i» hereby directed to keep an Account, as he is also required to pay over the same to the proper Officer for receiving Stamp Duties.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to oblige any Attorney to enter or file a Warrant of Attorney in any Proceeding to Judgment by Cognovit Actionem on any Bond or Bill, or on entering Satisfaction on any Judgment or Recognizance.

JLXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney, or Swicitor, or any Proctor in any Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Court of Ireland, shall oharge to or receive from the Plantiff or Defendant promovant or irapugnant. in any Suit, or any other Person whatsoever, the Amount of any Stamp Duty, and shall not have actually made use of or issued or filed the Warrant, Writ, Monition, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument or Proceeding for which -such Charge shall be made, or such Amount mall be received, duly stamped with the Duty which shall be payable thereon at the time of so using, issuing or filing the fame, such Attorney, Solicitor or Proctor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

r LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Bill of Costs in any of His Majesty's Courts of Chancery or Exchequer in Ireland* in which there shall be any Charge or Charges for drawing or for engrof-sing on Parchment any Bills, Answers or other Equity Pleadings in the said Courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, or filed in either of the said Courts, shall be taxed, the Officer who shall tax such Bill of Costs shall tax the Charges for drawing and engrossing such Bills, Answers and other Pleadings respectively so as not: to exceed the usual Charge by the Skin, according to the Number and Amount of the Stamps actually appearing on such Pleading; and such Officer if the Bill of Costs to be taxed be in a Cause in the Court of Chancery, shall signify at the Foot of such Bill of Costs, that the Number and Amount of Stamps.appearing on the Pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the Master or Keeper of the Rolls ofrthe Court of Chancery or his Deputy; and if such Bill of Costs be in a Cause in the Court of Exchequer^ thp Officer who shall tax the same shall signify at the Foot of; such Bill that he hath inspected the Ingrossment of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Costs; and in case such Officer respectively who shall tax such Bill of Costs as aforesaid, shall negledsor refuse to apply to the Clerk of the Rolls for fr.cn Certificate as aforesaid, or $0 iufped the Engrossment of the Pleadings mentioned in such Bill of Costs, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the Charges for drawing or engrossing such Bills, AnswerS or other Pleadings in manner hereinbefore directed, every such Officer so neglecting or refusing respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal the.Sum of Ten Pounds; and in case the Master, or Keeper or Keepers of the Rolls of the Court of Chancery, .or.his or their. Deputy, shall neglect or refuse to insped and certify the Number and Amount of Stamps appearing on every such Pleading as aforesaid to the proper Officer of such Court, upon being applied toby him for that Purpose, such Master, or Keeper or Keepers of the Rolls, or his or their Deputy, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit in like manner the Sum of Ten Pounds 5 which said several Forfeitures, together with the Costs of recovering the fame, shall be enforced in a summary way upon Motion by Order of the said Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, upon Complaint made to them respectively against any Officer who shall be guilty of any such Neglect or Refusal, and shall enure to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

LXXXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Charge to be made for engroflijig any Bill, Answer or other Pleading in Equity, the whole Contents ef which shall not amount to the Number of Two thousand one hundred and sixty Words.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of every Affidavit which shall be read in any Court whatever in Ireland, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as that the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper shall not be deemed more thais One Sheet, according to the manner in which the Officers, of the Courts in which such Affidavit shall be respectively filed, charge by the Sheet for such Affidavit; and if any Officer, of any Court shall charge or demand for the Quantity of Writing contained in any One Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any Copy of such Affidavit shall be written, more than the Fees to which he should be entitled for One Sheet, according to the Course of the Court in which such Affidavit shall be filed, he shall for every such Charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten.Pounds, with Treble Cost: 6 of Suit, toany Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where more than One Side or Page of any Sheet of Paper shall be stamped or marked with the Duties which shall then be by Law charged on Paper on which such Copy of an Affidavit shall be written, each Side or Page so marked or stamped shall be deemed a separate Sheet or Piece of Paper within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of every Ad by which any Stamp Duty has been or shall be imposed, unless the contrary shall be expressly declared.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Record or Transcript of Records to be brought into the present Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland shall, when copied for the Judges or others, be copied in like manner as in the former Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings and other Proceedings in the Courts of Law and Equity, and Ecclesiastical Courts, Courts of Admiralty, and all other Courts in Ireland

2 and

963

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126.

and all Office Copies thereof respectively, which shall from time to time be charged with any Stamp Duty,

shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they usually have been accustomed to be written, save as herein otherwise mentioned, or as shall be provided by any Law which may hereafter be passed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every attested Copy of any Interrogatory or Interrogatories, Attested Copies or Deposition or Depositions in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer,

shall be ligned by the Examiners of the said Courts respectively, and every such Examiner shall (late ana ap- c m^point in Writing at the Foot of every such attested Ctmy, whether the fame is tq he .read by or on the Part of any Complainant or Plaintiff, or by or on the fart of any Defendant in the Suit in which such Interrogatories or Depositious shall have been taken; and it shall not be lawful for any such Complainant or Plaintiff to read or, give in Evidence any Copy of any such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so appointed to be read on»

Behalf of any Defendant in such Suit, nor for any Defendant to read or give, in Evidence any such Copy wrhich#

shall be so appointed to be read on Behalf of the Complainant, unless the fame respectively shall be doublf;

stamped 5 any Law, Usage or Custotn to the contrary notwithstanding. -

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of any Court of Law or Equity, in Number of Ireland, shall make out or deliver any attested Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of any Nature or blind Sheets marked^whatever in such Court, such Officer shall, in the Book in w'hich Entty shall be made of any such pleading co*iesof or Proceeding, mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such Copy shall consist, and shall# in piJ^aings. like manner mark on the Back of every such Copy the Number of Office Sheets cpntauicd therein, -

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or Clerk belonging pr that shall Hereafter belong signing Writs to the Court of King's Bench, Court of Common Pleas, or Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, fir Arrest. who shall sign any Writ or Process before Judgment to arrest any Person or Persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of signing the fame, w'hich shal^ be entered upon the Remembrance Roll, or in the Book wherein the Abstract of such Writ or Process shall be entered, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Offence or Neglect of such Officer or Clerk as Penalty, aforesaid.'*' ' '

XC. And, for the more conveniently ascertaining the Duties on Rules and Orders to be from time to time made and given in Causes depending in the several Courts in Ireland', the Rules of which are or shall from time to time be subject to any Stamp Duty, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer ojr Stamping Rule t Officers of each and every such Court respectively, having the legal Custody of the Rule Books belonging Books of Courts, thereto respectively, within Ten Days after the last Day of each and every Term, to produce and bring such Rule Books to the proper Officer, to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties for that Purpose at the Office of the said Commissioners in Dublin; and such Officer or Officers shall insert in each and every such Rule Book, immediately after the last Rule entered therein, at the time of producing the fame, a Certificate duly signed by such Officer or Officers of the said Courts respectively, dating the Number of Rules and Orders of such Courts respectively made or entered in such Rule Books in such preceding Term and Vacation; and such Officer or Officers shall thereupon pay the full Amount of all such Stamp) Duties, as shall be then by Law payable for or in respect of such Rules or Orders respectively, and the said Rule Boohs shall thereupon be stamped with some Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whole of the Stamp Duties, which shall, be then payable in respect of the several Rules so made, and entered in such preceding Termor Vacation, which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as shall be iequisite to shew the Amount of Duty so paid in Pounds,

Shillings and Pence, and shall be placed in the fame Page on which the Certificate of such Officer or Officers shall be written as aforesaid; and if any Officer of any of the said C'purts shall neglect or omit to bring such Rule Book or Rule Books, or to furnish such Certificate or Certificates, or pay such Duties as aforesaid, then and in every such case, every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds* and in such case, whenever afterwards such Book shall be produced at the said Stamp Office, if such Certificate shall not appear therein, the proper Officer at the said Office shall himself make the said Certificate, and on Payment of the Duties appearing thereby to be due, the said Book shall be duly stamped as aforesaid.

XCL. And be it further enacted, That all Process which shall be entered or obtained to enforce the Appearance or Appearances of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, or tq enforce the Answer or Answers of any Defendant or Defendants in any Court of Equity in Ireland, shall be engrossed and made out upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped with the Duty which shall be then payable upon such Process; and in case the Officer or Officers who shall enter or cause such Process to be entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have fqch Process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall for every such Neglect* forfeit to His Majesty, hip Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds, which Sum shall be enforced in a summary way upon Motion, by Order of the Court in which such Process shall be entered, together with the Costs of so recovering the fame,

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of the Stamp Duty on all Judgments shall be denoted "in manner here following respectively; that is to (ay, the Payment of the Duty which shall front time to time be payable on Judgments upon Cognovit Actionem shall be denoted by the proper Stamp for every such Judg* mept respectively being stamped on such Cognovit, and the Payment of the Duty which shall from time to time be payable on all other Judgments whatsoever in Ireland\ shall be denoted in manner following; that is to say, a small Piece or Bit of Parchment whereon shall be written the Title of the Cause and the Day of marking Judgment therein shall be stamped with the proper Stamp for every such Judgment respectively, and such Piece 0? Parchment so stamped shall be filed in the proper Court on the File of the Readings thereof, and thereupon every such Judgment shall be deemed and taken to be duly stamped to all fntents and PurposeJ whatsoever; and any Officer or Officers who shall neglect or omit to obtain such Piece of Parchment properly" - <5*H a rflampea

[Penalty.]

Stantps'on cesses to an for cm Appearance.

[Penalty.]

Stamping mem* by Cognovit or ether* wife.

9^4

[Penalty.]

One Month allowed for Judgments by Cognovit not stamped.

[Penalty.]

Boek for entertaining Memorandum of marking Judgments by Officer.

[Penalty.]

Certificate of

Judgments

stamped.

Penalty. StampingAffiga-ment of Bail Bonds after Execution thereof.

Affidavits for grounding Presentments.

Stamping Ad -missions into Corporations.

[Penalty.]

C. 12 6.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

stamped for any such Judgment, and to file the same as aforesaid, shall for every such Neglect or Omissioct forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XCIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the proper Officer of the Court on receiving from the Person bringing any such Cognovit the Amount of the Stamp Duty payable thereon, ftiaU and may receive and file the same as if stamped, and shall within One Calendar Month neat after such filing bring or fend the said Cognovit and the Amount of said Duty to the Head Office in Dublin to be stamped, and thereupon such Cognovit shall and may be stamped with the proper Stamp within One Calendar Month next after the same shall have been fb filed, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum save only the said Duty so payable thereon, but no Discount shall be allowed thereon; and every Person concerned in the engrossing, signing or filing the famd, shall be exempt from all Penalties on account thereof; and if any such Officer shall neglect or omit to bring or fend such Cognovit and the Amount of such Duty to the Head Office in Dublin, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have been so filed, he shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That a Book shall be kept in every Court in Ireland by the proper Officer for marking Judgments therein, in which Book shall be entered within Seven Days next after the marking of any Judgment which shall be marked in such Court after that time, a Minute or Memorandum of the Entry of such Judgment, dating the Names of the Parties in the Cause, and the Day of the marking of such Judgment, and affo the Day of making such Entry, and whether the said Judgment was duly stamped as aforesaid or not, and such Entry or a Copy thereof duly attested and compared, or any such Entry which before the Expiration of the said Period of One Calendar Month shall have been duly made m like manner under any Law then in force, or such Copy thereof, shall be taken as Evidence that such Judgment was duly stamped or the contrary, at the time, of making such Entry; and if any such Officer shall omit to keep such Book or to make such Entry therein relative to any such Judgment, within the said Period of Seven Days after marking the fame respectively, or shall make any such Entry falsely, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That no attested Copy of any final Judgment which shall be entered in Ireland shall be given or received in Evidence, unless the Officer attesting the same shall certify not only that the fame is a true Copy of such Judgment, hut that such Judgment has been duly stamped as aforesaid respectively; and if any Officer shall certify the fame falsely, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be arrested by virtue of any Writ or Process of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin at the Suit of any Common Person, and the Sheriff or other Officer shall take Bail from such Person against whom such Writ or Process shall issue, and the Sheriff or other Officer at the Request and Cost of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, shall duly assign to the Plantiff in such Action or Suit the Bail Bond or other Security taken from such Bail by Endorsement according to Law, and also when and so often as it shall become necessary for any Sheriff or other Officer in Ireland, having Authority to grant Replevins, to assign any Ball Bond of any Plaintiff in Replevin to the Avowant or Defendant in such Action, then and in every of the said cases such Assignment may be made without any Stamp; provided however that no Action shall be brought under any such Assignment, until the same shall have been first duly stamped with such Stamp as shall be then by Law required for such Assignment; and the said several Assignments shall on Application at the Head Office in Dublin at any time before any Action be brought thereon, be duly stamped in such manner as shall be then required by Law, without Payment of any Penalty or other Sum lave only the Duty which shall be then payable thereon.

XCVII. And be it farther enacted, That no Affidavit made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Ptefentment of any Grand Jury for raising Money for Repair of Roads or for any other public Purpose shall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor shall any such Affidavit be delivered by him to, or laid by hifn before any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shall be written on Paper stamped with the Stamp Which shall be then by Law required for the fame, nor shall any Affidavit for accounting for any Money prfefented by any Grand Jury to be laid before any Grand Jury by the Secretary be read in Court, or authorize the Court to discharge any Quere, unless it shall be written on Paper duly stamped.

XCVIII. And whereas the Payment of Stamp Duties imposed on the Admission of Freemen and othert into Corporations, Guilds or Companies in Ireland has been and may be evaded* Be it therefore enacted, That it mall be lawful for every Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation, Guild or Company in Itrland, which shall admit any Person or Persons into any such Corporation, Guild or Company by themfehres, dr by some Person or Persons employed by such Corporation, Guild or Company, and they aTe hereby required previously to the Admission of any such Person into such Corporation or Company, to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person so admitted, the several and respective Stamp Duties which shall be then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute or Memorandum of Admission of such Person into such Corporation, Guild or Company 5 and the Town Clerk, or Clerk, or other Officer of such Body Politic or Corporate, Corporation or Company, shall make an Entry, Minute or Memorandum of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp, in fame Book, Roll or Record of such Corporation or Company, within One Month after such Person shall be so admitted into such Corporation or Com->any; and if such Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall, for every such " -ence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Corporation, Guild or Company shall be answerable

for

SS

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126.

for «U such Duties, without amj Proof of the lame haring been so received, or whether the dune respectively shall have been so received or not*

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That any and every Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer who lhatl from time to time have in his Custody any Public Book, File, Record, Remembrance, Docket pr Proceeding, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the Securing any of His Majesty's Stamp Duties, which now are or shall at any time be by Law payable in Ireland, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omiffian in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall at all seasonable times permit any Officer or Person thereunto authorized by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or any Three of them, to iufped and view all such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets and Proceedings as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward, and to take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purposes last mentioned, without Fee or Reward 5 and if any Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer shall refuse or neglect so to do upon Demand made by such Officer or Person so authorized as aforesaid, such Town Clerk, Clerk or other Officer so refusing or negkding, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

C. Ami, for the better Securing the Payment of Stamp Duties on Bills, Notes and Receipts by Bankers and others in Ireland, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the whole Sum for which any Receipt shall be given in Ireland shall be really expressed in such Receipt, unless the same shall have the Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands5 and all Persons who shall give or cause to be given in Ireland any Receipt or other Discharge in which a less Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually received, with an Intent to evade any of the Duties which shall be then payable on such Receipt of Discharge, or shall divide or cause to be divided the Sum actually paid into divers Receipts, or shall by any general Acknowledgement or Use of the Words u Settled" or u raid, " or By Caih" or M Entered, " or by such like or any other Word or Words, or by cany Signature or Initials, or by any other Words, Letters or Marks intended to answer the Purposes of a Receipt, or to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought to be given has been paid, or by any means endeavour to evade any of the Duties which shall be thenpayabk on Receipts, or be gadty of or concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance whatever to evade any of the said Duties, such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offeoce, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Cl. And be it enacted, That no Receipt shall be received in Evidence as a Discharge, or as any Proof of the Payment of any Sum not actually expressed and specified therein, unlefe such Receipt shall have the proper Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties which shall at any time be charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Drafts, Orders or Receipts, shall unless otherwise expressly provided, be paid by toe Person or Persons giving the fame respectively: Provided always, that if any Person shall on paying any Sum of Money demand a Receipt in full of all Demands, the Person so requiring the same shall be liable tojpay to the Person giving the feme the Difference (if any between the Duty payable in respect of the Sum so then paid, and a Receipt in full of all Demands: Provided also, that every Receipt or other Discharge given by any Officer of the Revenue on Payment of Money for or on account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses in raped of Hearths or Windows, or on Coaches and other Carriages, or on Horses, or on Male Servants, shall be written or printed, or written and printed on the proper Receipt Stamp according to the Amount of the Sum to be paid; and that the Duty on every such Receipt shall be paid by the Person to whom such Receipts shall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

CUT. And be it enacted, Thai it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have Occasion to pay any Sum of Money to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether for himself, herself or themselves, or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to bring and tender as Part of the Sum so to be paid, a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, of sufficient Size, and duly stamped with the proper Stan^p, denoting the Duty payable on a Receipt for such Sum, and to require a Receipt thereon, or on feme other Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper duly damped; and thereupon the said Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper so tendered shall be received in the Payment of such Sum as if the feme were lawful Money to the Amount of such Duty, and the feme shall be a good Tender to that Amount.

CIV. And be it enacted, That every Person receiving Payment in Ireland, either by Money, or by any Bflfr or Bills, Draft or Drafts, Cheque or Cheques, Note or Notes, or other Security or Securities for Money, Who shall, upon Demand, refuse to give a Receipt for the feme, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland in the Employment of another or others shall, for the Use of his Employer or Employers, whether in the Name or Names of such Employer or Employers, or in his own or any other Name, give any Receipt or other Discharge, in which a less Sum shall be expressed than the Sum actually received, either, in Cash, or by any Cheque, Draft, Bill, Note or other Security for Money, with an Intent to evade any of the Stamp Duties which shall be then payable, or divide the Sum actually paid as aforesaid mto divers Receipts, or by any general Acknowledgment or Use of the 'Words " Settled, " or M Paid, " or " Entered, " nr "By Case, " or such like or any other Word or Words, or by any Signature or Initials, or by any other Words, Letters or Marks intended to answer the Purposes of a Receipt, or to denote that the Money for which a Receipt ought to be given has been paid, or by any means endeavour to evade any of the said Duties, or be .guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent Contrivance to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, oforny of the said Duties, such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and such Ad of such Person or Persons so offending shall, as to all pecuniary Penalties to which such Matter shall be subsed under this or any other Act of Parliament, be considered as the Ad Of the Person or Persons in whose Employment the Person so trending shall be, and the Clerk or 'Otfeer Person so committing any of the Offences hereinbefore mentioned,

15 Pj><>n

965

Inspection of Corporate Books by 8camp Officers.

[Penalty.]

Bill*, Motes 1mi Receipts.

Penalty,

ReOfciptsnet

in fiilt

Duty on Notes tod Receipts by whom paid.

Receipt Stamp tendered aa Part of Money paid.

Refefog to give

Receipt.

[Penalty.]

Clerk signing Receipts xnr stamped.

Penalty,

966

Specific Stamps required for Bank and Bankers Notes.

Com posit ion for Stamps on Notts of Bank of Ireland.

Cancelling Notes in Books of registered Bankers.

Acceptances of Bank Post Bills.

Regift ering of Banker's Firms.

Persons registerc»l considered Bankers.

Probates and Lucies.

Penalty,

Inventories exhibited by Jt* ecu tors, fee.

C. 126. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

V

upon being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanour, and be punched by Fine and IniprL* fonment, and other Corporal Punishment, or any One or Two of the said Modes, at the Discretion of the.Court before whom he or/he shall be tried.* '

CVI. And be it further enacted, That separate and distinct Stamps and Marks shall be kept at the Stamp' Office in Dublin, for denoting the Stamp Duties, which shall from time to time be payable on ariy Bank Notes or Bank Post? Bills of the Bank of Ireland, or of any private Bank or Banks whatsoever.

CVII.' And be it further enacted, That aH Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills which shall be issued by the Governor and, Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall be exempt from the Stamp Duties which may from time to time be charged therCon respectively (unless otherwise expressly provided in the Act or Acts charging the fame) from every Twenty fifth Day of March for One whole Year next following, provided the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall on the said Twenty fifth Day of March respectively have paid into His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, such Sum of Money as shall have been from time to time agreed upon by and between the said Governor and Company and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissionert. for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, as a Compensation for and to be in lieu of and in full Satisfaction for all Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to be issued by the said Bank during the Year next ensuing respectively; and that any such Composition heretofore made shall be in force according to the Terms thereof, as if this Act had not passed.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That although any Bank or Bankers Note or Notes shall be signed or otherwise executed by any Banker or Bankers duly registered in manner hereafter mentioned, or by his or their Servant or Servants, yet if the same shall remain in a Book, and be Part of the Leaves or any One Leaf thereof, and not cut or separated therefrom, then and in every such case, if such Note or Notes remaining in such Book shall be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, or any Officer by them duly authorized, and they are hereby required to cancel the Stamps thereon respectively, and to mark or (lamp any Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall be brought to the said Office by the Person or Persons so bringing such Note or Notes with any Marks or Stamps which he or they may require, on such Person or Persons paying the Difference of Price, (if any) between the Stamps so cancelled, and the Stamps or Marks so marked or stamped on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper so brought to the said Head Office.

CIX. And be it enacted, That the Acceptance of every Bank Post Bill shall be written on and across the Face of such Post Bill, and the original Words or Figures thereof.

CX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bankers in Ireland to reeifter the Firm of the Bank or Banks to which they do or shall respectively belong, or the Name or Names of the Partners in such Bank or Banks with the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lore High Treasurer of Ireland.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons so registering themselves as Bankers shall to all Iotents and Purposes be considered as Bankers within the Meaning of the Laws now in force in Ireland, and of all Laws which hereafter shall be in force in Ireland, respecting Bankers, in which the contrary shall not be expressly declared,

CXII. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Probates, Ad mini ft rations and Legacies in Ireland, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person who shall administer the Person&l Estate, or any Part of the Personal Estate of any Person dying alter the Commencement of this Act, without having proved the Will of the Deceased, or taken out Letters of Administration of such Personal Estate within Twelve Calendar Months after the Death of the Person so dying (or with respect to Persons having died before the passing of this Act, within Six Calendar Months after the pafflngof this Act), shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as any Penalty may by this Act be recovered and applied.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Executor, Administrators, nearest of Kin, Creditor or other Person, whether acting as a Principal, or as Agent or Attorney for any Person or Persons out of Iceland, who shall administer, or enter upon the Possemon or Management of all or any of the Personal or Moveable Estate or Effects of any deceased Person in Ireland, who shall have left a Personal Property of the Value of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, or who hath entered upon the Possessiou or Management of any Personal or Moveable Estate or Effects, and hath not fully administered the fame, shall, before disposing of M or dlftributing any Part or remaining Part of such Estate or Effects, or at all Events within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or after taking out Probate or Administration, or entering on the Possession or.Management of such Personal Estate, or of any Part thereof, exhibit upon Oath in the proper Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, a full and complete Inventory or Statement of such Estate and Effects, so far aB' they shall have been recovered at the time of exhibiting such Inventory, or shall be known to be existing, distinguishing whether situate in Ireland at elsewhere $ and also of all Debts due by the Deceased at the time of his or heV Death, and payable out of his or her Personal Estate, and the Nature and Kind thereof; and in case at any time or times thereafter a Discovery shall be made of other Effects belonging to the Deceased, ]which on account of their not being known at the time were omitted in the said original Inventory, an additional Inventory or Inventories of the same shall in like manner be exhibited on Oath from time to time by any Person or Persons administering or assuming the Management or Disposal thereof, tugether with such J)ebts du^ by such deceased Person as aforesaid, as may not have been inserted in such former Schedule j any fuirh Oath as aforesaid to be administered by the same Person or Persons, and in the same manner in ay respects asis used on proving a Will; and in case any fqch Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to exhihit July such original or additional Inventory, or shall knowingly omit to include any Part of any such EfUtg r 1 and

A.D. 1812.52 GEORGII in , C. 12& 967

Smd Effects therein, every Person so neglecting, refuting dr omitting, ihaUTerfeirthe Sum of Forty Pounds Penalty, for each such Neglect, Refusal or Omission. ,; , ., 1

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Probate which shall be taken out by any Exequtpr after No Duty o* the Will therein mentioned hath or shall have been, proved, and Probate thereof hath been or shall have been Probates by duly obtained by another Executor named therein, shall and may be goody valid and effectual without any secondExecutor. Stamp to all Intents and Purposes as if stamped, and that all Persons concerned in the writing, or taking ou£ the fame, shall beand they are respectively hereby freed and indemnified from and against ^11 Pains and Pepal- -

ties for or in respect thereof in any manner whatsoever.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person, whether Executor, Administrator or otherwise, Duties on I jar who shall administer the Personal Estate of any Person .deceased^ and shall retain, whether for his or her owq, es reta, IVd Use, or otherwise, any Legacy, or any Residue or Part of the Residue of, such Personal Estate, shall, in a E*ecutor*-reasonable time after the Death of the Person so deceased, be accountable to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for any Duty which shall be then by Law payable on any Receipt or Discharge for any, fiiph Legacy, Residue or Part of Residue; and if any Person so administering shall pay any Legacy, Residue or Part of Residue, without obtaining a Receipt duly stamped for the fame, then such Person so administering shall be entitled to dedud thereout the Amount of the Stamp Duty which, shall be then payable on such Receipt; and in case he shall so deduct the fame, the Amount of such Stamp Duty shall then immediately be a Debt from such Person so administering to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; ?nd if any fqch Person so administering shall pay any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, without obtaining for the fame a Rjeceipt.duly damped, or without deducing the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon, tfien and in every such case the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon shall be a Debt to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as well from the Person or Persons so administering as from the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies to whom the same shall have been so paid respectively.

CXVL. And be it enacted, That where any Real Estate shall by any Will be directed to be sold, charged Legacies charge* with any Legacy or Legacies, the Person or Persons entitled to sell the same or bound to pay such Legacy or on Real Mate Legacies, and also the Person beneficially entitled to such Legacies, or to the Residue or any Parts of the, retained. Residue of the Purchase Money thereof, shall respectively be liable to pay the Stamp Duties which shall then be by Law payable thereon respectively, in the same manner in all respects mutalis mutandis as concerning the Administration of Personal Estate is hereinbefore provided.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Executor or Administrator, or other Executors calk# Person or Persons taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will, or other Testamentary Instrument, or on Hy Court of the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person deceased, or any Trustee or other Person to whom Exchequer to any Real Estate shall be devised to be sold, or who shall be entitled to any Real Estatesubjed to any Legacy, j^a^Dut shall not have paid any Stamp Duties, which shall from time to time be payable by Law on any Receipts or "e*acy u Dischargea for any Legacy, or for any Residue, or Part of any Residue pursuant to the Directions of this Act, within a proper and reasonable time, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland* upon Application to be made for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties upon, such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be sufficient, to-grant a Rulq requiring fqcb Executor, Administrator, Trustee or other Person or Persons to ftiew Cause why hq, (he or they (hoiud not. deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties an Account upon Oath of all the Legacies, and of all the Property respectively paid or to be paid or administered by such Executor or Administrator, or other Person, or Persons, or given or bequeathed to such Trustee or other Person entitled to any Real Estate subject to any such Legacy, as the case may be, and why the Duties on any such Legacies, or any Shares or Residue of any such Estate. Real or Personal, have not been paid or should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute, in every case in which thq fame may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties, together with the Costs of so recovering the feme.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, Copies of Will* or any One or more of them, to require of every Registrar or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court in furniHiedto Ireland, having the Custody or Care of any Wills proved in any such Court, or having the Custody of any Stamp Office. Entry or Register of any Admin iterations granted in any such Court, an Account of all such Wills and Letters of Administration, together with the Particulars relating thereto, and such Extrads from any ifuch Wills asmay feetn necessary to such Commissioners or Commissionjer, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon, for the fame, or as in case of any Dispute shall be settled and allowed by the Ecclesiastical Court for that Purpose, and every such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required, within One Calendar Month after any such Requisition so made by the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, or by any Person authorized, by them for that Purpose, to make out and deliver such Account as aforesaid, and if any such Registrar or other Officer as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any such Account as aforesaid* within One Calendar Month after any Demand made as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make.out and deliver any false Account, every such Registrar or other Officer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit by Information, in the Name of His Penalty. Majesty's Attorney General for Ireland^ to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Gift by any Will or Testamentary Instrument of any Person Legacies rlurg*. which by virtue of such Will or Testamentary Instrument shall have Effect or be satisfied out of the Personal able 'Vltl1 Duty Estate of such Pqrfon so dying, or out of any Personal Estate, which such Person shall have Power to dispose defined* of as he or she shall think fit, shall be deemed and taken to be a Legacy within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of all Acts whereby any Stamp Duty is or shall be imposed, or in any wise relating to the Management

968 C. 126.

52° GEORGII III.

Valuation of Annuities and un-, curtain Bandit* bfLepcj.

Valuation of legacies given fci Succession.

Butieaon Legacies in Sue-eeflion how paid.

A.D. 1812.

tkiMt dr Colfe&tGft Of any Stamp Duty, whether the fame fh*H be given by wty of Anmiity, or in any other Form, and whether the fame shall be charged only on such Perfoaal Estate, or charged atfo on the Real Eftite of the Testator or Testatrik who shall give the fame, except so far as the fame Audi be paid or Satisfied ont of such steal Estate in a due Execution of the; Wdl or Testamentary Instrument by which the feme shall be given, and every Gift which shall have Effect at a Donation Mirtu Ca*fat shall also be deemed a Legacy within the Irttent and Meaning of this Act, and of all other such Act as aforesaid.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Annuity or other Benefit shall be given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument in such Termt that the Amount or Value of such Benefit can only be ascertained from thue to time by the actual Application for that Purtofe of the Fund allotted fin* such Purpose, Or made Chargeable therewith, or if the Amount or Value of any Benefit given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument canhot by reason of the Form and manner of the Gift be so ascertained that the Doty to which the feme Ihadl be theft subject can be charged thereon, tinder any of the Directkms herein contained, then and in every such case such Duty shall be charged upon the several Payments of such Annuity when and as the same shall be from time to time paid to the Party entitled to the feme, and in like manner apon the several Sums of Money or ElFe&s which shall be applied from time to time for the Purposet dhefted by such Will or Testamentary Instrument, as if such Payments of such Annuity or such several Sums were Separate and distioA Legacies or Bequests, and shall be paid by the Party or Parties receiving such Annuity or other Sum of Money, or ont of any Fund which may be applicable for such Pttrpdfes, or charged with answering the feme.

CXXI. And be it further en*Qed, That the Duty which shall from time to time be payable on a Legacy Or Residue, or Part of Residue of any Person Al Estate given to or for the Benefit of, or so that thefeme shall be enjoyed by, different Persons in Succession Who shall be chargeable at one and the feme Rate with the Stamp Duties which shall then be payable, shall be charged upon and paid out of the Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue so given, as in the case of a Legacy to one Person; and where any Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue shall be given to or for the Benefit of Or so that the same shall be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, fbme or one of whom shall be then chargeable with no Duty, or some or one of whom shall be Chargeable with different Rates of Duty, so that one Rate of Duty cannot be immediately charged thereon, aft Persons who under or in consequence of any such Bequest shall be entitled for Life only, or any other temporary Interest, shall be chargeable with the Duty in respedb of such Bequest in the feme manner as if the annual Produce thereof had been given by Way of Annuity, and such Persons respectively shall be so chargeable with such Duty, and the same shall be payable when they shall respectively become entitled to and begin to receive such Procuce, and where any other partial Interest shall be given, or shall arise out of such Property so to be eo* joyed in Succession, the Duty bn such partial Interest shall be charged and paid in the same manner as the Duty is hereinbefore directed to be charged and paid in like cases of partial Interests charged on any Property given otherwise than to different Persons in Succession; and all and every Person and Persons who shall become absolutely entitled to any such Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue to be enjoyed in Succession, shall When and as such Person or Persons respectively shall receive the same, or begin to enjoy the Benefit thereof be chargeable with, and pay the Duty for the lame, or such Part thereof ns shall be so received, or of which the Benefit shall be so enjoyed, in the same manner as if the feme had come to such Person or Persons immediately on the Death of the Person by whbm such Property shall have been given to be enjoyed, or in such manner that the feme shall be enjoyed in Succession.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty which shall from time to time be payable ox any Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue so given to, or (o to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, upon Whom the Duty shall be chargeable at one and the feme Rate* mail be deducted and paid by the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument under which the Title thereto shall arise, upon Payment or other Satisfaction or Discharge of every or any Part of such Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue to any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom the feme shall be payable or paid, in I'rust or for the Benefit of the Persons so entitled thereto in Succession, and if the same shall not be so paid or Satisfied to any such TrUftee or Trustees, then such Duty shall be deduced and paid out of the Capital of the Property so given, upon Receipt by any of the Persons so entitled in Succession of any Produce of such Capital or any Part thereof, according to the Amount of the Capital of which such Produce shall be so received; and where the Duty chargeable upon any such Bequest for the Benefit of 6r to be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, shall be chargeable at different Rates so that the feme cannot be paid at one and the same time, but must be paid in Succession as aforesaid, then and in such case aft and every the Person and Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument in which such Bequest shall be contained, shall be chargeable with such Duties in Succession in the same manner as such Persons would be chargeable with the luce Duties in case of immediate Bequest, unless the Property beaueathed shall have been paid or otherwise satisfied to or veiled in any Trusteea Or Trustee as aforesaid, m which case such Trustees or Trustee, or his, her or their Representatives shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for or in respect of such Property so vetted in him, her or them respectively, in such and the same manner as if he, she or they had taken the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such Bequest shall have been made; and in like maimer where any partial Interest shall be given or shall arise out of any such Property so to be enjoyed in Succession* and such partial Interest shall be satisfied or paid by the Person or Persons so enjoying such Property, feck Person or Persons shall be chargeable with the Duties then payable for and in respect of such partial Interest* and shall retain and pay the same accordingly in such and the same manner as-if he, she or they bad taken ^the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such partial Interest shall hate

been

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 126. 969

been created; and in all such cases the Person or Persons so chargeable with Duty shall be Debtors to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in like manner, and shall be subject to the like Penalties as the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such Will or Testamentary Instrument shall from time to time be chargeable and Tubje6fc to.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, unless the contrary shall be expressly enacted, Duty on Plate no Duty shall at anytime be paid on any Articles of Plate, Furniture or other Things not yielding any In- given as Legacy come, and given to or for the Benefit of or so as that the fame be enjoyed by different Persons in Succession, In Suc<*ffion-whilst the lame shall be so enjoyed in Kind only by any Person or Persons not having any Power of felling or disposing thereof so as to convert the fame into Money or other Property yielding an Income, but if the same shall be actually sold or disposed of, or shall come to any Person or Persons having Power to sell or dispose thereof, or having an absolute Interest therein, then and in each and every such case the same Duty shall be chargeable and paid thereon, as if the fame had been originally given absolutely and with full Power tb sell or dispose thereof, and shall be chargeable upon and paid by the Person or Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be sold, or who shall have Power to sell or dispose thereof or any absolute Interest therein, and shall become the Debt of such Person or Persons, but shall not be a Charge on any Person or Persons by reason of his, her or their having assented to such Bequest as the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument by which such Bequest shall have been made.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Legacy or any Residue or Part of Duties on Re-Residue shall be so given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument that different Persons shall become entitled fidue taken hi thereto in Succession, the Duty shall be charged thereon as given to be enjoyed in Succession, whether the Suceession- under Person or Persons entitled thereto shall take the fame under or by virtue of such Will or Testamentary Ute acy* Instrument, and the Dispositions therein contained, or in Default of such Dispositions, and as entitled by Inteftacy.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That where at any time any Legacy or Residue or Part of Residue Duties on Legs-shall be given to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons in Joint Tenancy, some or one of whom shall be ciesin Joint then chargeable with any Stamp Duty, and forae or one of whom shall not be so chargeable, the Person or Tenan<7* Persons chargeable with such Duty shall pay such Duty in Proportion to the Interest of such Person or Persons respectively in such Bequest; and if any Person or Persons so chargeable with such Duty, and entitled in Joint Tenancy as aforesaid, shall become entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance of the Joint Tenancy, ttf any larger Interest in the Property bequeathed than that in respect of which such Duty shall have been paid, then and in such case all and every such Person or Persons so becoming entitled by Survivorship, or by Severance, shall be charged with the same Duty as if the* Property which such Joint Tenant or Joint Tenants shall so become entitled to had been originallygiven to or for the Benefit of such Person or Persons only.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Legacy or any Residue, or Part of Residue, shall be Duty on contm-given, subj^& to any Contingency which may defeat such Gift, and whereupon the fame may go to some gent Legacies other Persons or Person, such Bequest (unless chargeable as an Annuity under the Provisions herein contained)

shall be charged with Duty as an absolute Bequest to the Person or Persons who shall take the fame, subject to such Contingency, and such Duty shall be paid out of the Capital of such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, notwithstanding the fame may upon such Contingency go to some Person not chargeable with the same Duty, or with any Duty; and it such Contingency shall afterwards happen, and the Property so bequeathed shall thereupon go in such manner that the fame, if taken immediately after the Death of the Testator or Testatrix under the fame Title, would have been chargeable with a higher Rate of Duty than the Duty so paid, the Person or Persons becoming entitled thereto shall be charged with and shall pay the Difference between the Duty so paid and such higher Rate of Duty,

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy or the Residue t>r any Part of the Residue Legacies sub-of any Personal Estate shall be subject to any Power of Appointment to or for the Benefit of any Person or jected to Power Persons specially named or described as Objects of such Power, such Property shall be chargeable with Duty Appointment,

as Property given to different Persons in Succession, and in so charging such Duty not only the Person and Persons who shall take previous or subject to such Power of Appointment, but also any Person and Persons who shall take under or in Default of any such Appointment when and as they shall so take respectively, shall, in respect of their several Interests whether previous or subject to or under or in Default of such Appointment, be charged with the same Duty, and in the same manner, as if the fame Interests had been given to him, her or them respectively, in and by the Will or Testamentary Disposition containing such Power, in the fame Order and Course of Succession as shall take place under and by virtue of such Power of Appointment, or in Default of Execution thereof, as the case may happen to be; and where any Property shall be given for any limited Interest, and a general and absolute Power of Appointment shall also be given to any Person or Persons to whom the Property would not belong, in Default of such Appointment, such Property upon the Execution of such Power shall be charged with the same Duty, and in the same manner as if the fame Property had been immediately given to the Person or Persons having and executing such Power, after allowing any Duty before paid in rrlpedt thereof; and where any Property shall be given with any such general Power of Appointment, which Property in Default will belong to the Person or Persons to whom such Power shall also be given, such Property mail be charged with and shall pay the Duty in the same manner as if such Property had been given to such Person or Persons absolutely in the first Instance without such Power of Appointment.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money or Personal Estate directed to be applied Personal Estate in the Purchase of Real Estate, shall be charged with and pay Duty as Personal Estate, unless the same shall deviled topur-be given so as to be enjoyed by different Penons in Succession, and then each Person entitled thereto in Succession shall pay Duty for the fame in the same manner as if the fame had not been directed to be applied in the L te*

52 Geo. III. 6 I Purchase

97°

C. 126.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

T dates pur auter V ie.

Money left to pay Legacy Duty n >t chargeable.

Duty on Property not reduce J into Money al'cer-tained.

ppca?.

Duty on Legacies compounded Cor, &c.

Purchase of Real Estate, unlefa the same shall have been actually applied in the Purchase of Real Estate before such Duty accrued; but bo Duty shall accrue in respect thereof after the same shall have been actually applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, for so much thereof as shall have been so applied: Provided nevertheless, that in case before the fame or some Part thereof shall be actually so applied, any Person or Persons shall become entitled to an Estate of Inheritance in Possession in the Real Estate to be purchased therewith, or with so much thereof as shall not have been applied in the Purchase of Real Estate, the same Duty which ought to be paid by ft ch Person or Persons if absolutely entitled thereto as Personal Ellate, by virtue of any Bequest thereof as such, shall be charged on such Person or Persons so entitled, and raised and paid out of the Fund remaining to be applied in such Purchase.

CXXEX. And be it further enacted, That Estatea pur auter Vie applicable by Law in the same manner ai Personal Estate, shall be charged with all Stamp Duties imposed or to be imposed as Personal Estate.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any time any Direction shall be given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument for Payment of the Duty which shall be chargeable upon any Legacy or Bequest out of some other Fund, so that such Legacy or Bcqucft may pass to the Person or Persons to whom or for whole Benefit the same shall be given free of Duty, no Duty shall be chargeable upon the Money to be applied for the Payment of such Duty, notwithstanding the fame may be deemed a Legacy to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who would otherwise pay such Duty.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in cases of specific Legacies, and where the Residue of any Personal Estate shall consist of Property which shall not be reduced into Money, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Administration of such Effects, or the Person or Persons by whom the Duty thereon ought to be paid, to set a Value thereon, and to offer to pay the Duty according to such Value, or to require the Commissioners for Management of the Stamp Duties to appoint a Person to set and appraise such Value, at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid 5 and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to accept the Duty offered to be paid upon the Value set by the Person or Persons having or taking the Administration of such Effects, or by whom the Duty for the same shall be payable, without such Appraisement, if the said Commissioners shall think fit so to do; but if the said Commissioners shall not be satisfied with the Value so set, on which the Duty shall be so offered, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners notwithstanding such Offer, to appoint a Person to appraise such Effects, and to set the Value thereon, on which Value so set the said Commissioners shall assess the Duty payable in respect thereof, and require the same to be paid; but if the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable shall not be satisfied with the Valuation made under the Authority of the said Commissioners, and pay the Duty accordingly, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons at any time within Three Calendar Months after he, she or they shall have Notice of such Valuation, to appeal therefrom to, and to cause the Valuation so made under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to be reviewed by the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland for the time being; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall and may (if they shall think fit) appoint a Person to appraise such Effects and set a Value thereon, and shall and may decide thereon in a summary way, and their Judgment shall be final; and if the Valuation under the Authority of the said Commissionefsof the Stamp Duties, in the case last mentioned, shall not be duly appealed from within the time aforesaid, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Valuation; and if any Variance shall be made on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance; and if the Duty assessed in manner aforesaid shall exceed the Duty offered to and refused by the said Commissionei* of Stamp Duties, the Expence of such Appraisement and other Proceedings in assessing such Duty, shall be home by the Person or Persons by whom such Duty shall be payable; and if any Dispute shall arise between any Person or Persons entitled to any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, and any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Administration of such Effects, with respect to the Value thereof, or with respect to the Duty to be paid thereon, the Duty shall be assessed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties on Reference to them by either Party for that Purpose: and if the Value of any Property on which such Duty ought to be paid shall be in Dispute, the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties shall cause an Appraisement to be made thereof at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid, in the manner hereinbefore directed in other cases, and assess the Duty thereon accordingly; and if such Person or Persons by whom such Duty ought to be paid shall be dissatisfied with such Valuation, or with the Assessment of Duty made upon such Valuation by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, the same shall be reviewed and finally determined by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, upon Appeal to them within the time and in the manner hereinbefore directed in other cases 5 but if such Valuation or Assessment shall not be duly appealed from, within the time limited for that Purpose, or shall be affirmed upon Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according thereto; and if any Variance shall be made therein on such Appeal, the Duty shall be paid according to such Variance; and in case the Effects whereon any such Duty shall be payable shall be at the Distance of Ten Miles from Dublin, then and in such case it shall be lawful to make the like Application to such Person as shall be deputed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps to ad in their Stead, in such cases within the County or District in which such Effects shall be; and such Person so deputed shall act in such cases in all respects in the same manner as the said Commissioners of Stamps are hereby authorized to ad, subject nevertheless to the Instructions and Controul of the said Commissioners of Stamps.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Legacy or Part of any Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue, whereon any Stamp Duty shall at any time be chargeable, shall be satisfied otherwise than by Payment of the Money or Application of specific Effects for that Purpose, or shall be released for Consideration, or compounded for less than the Amount or Value thereof, then, and in such case, the Duty thereon shall be charged and paid in respect of such Legacy or Part of Legacy, or Residue or Part of Residue,

according

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126. 971

according to the Amount or Value of the Property taken in Satisfaction thereof, or as the Consideration for Release thereof, or Composition for the fame: Provided always, That if any Legacy or Bequest shall be Provifj. made in Satisfaction of any other Legacy or llcquest, or Title to any Residue or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate remaining unpaid, the Duty shall not be paid on both Subjects, although both may be chargeable with Duty, but IhalFbj paid on the Subject yielding the largest Duty.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of the Proceedings Execution of the Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of wlJ.eJ!e any Person deceased, or any Person or Persons chargeable with Duty, shall declare himself, herself or them- JJ*10 ow (elves ready and willing, and shall accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary Legacy or Residue, or Part of*

Residue, deducting the Duty which shall be then by Law payable thereon, or shall in like manner offer to deliver or otherwise dispose of any specific Legacy, or any specific Property, Part of any Residue of any Personal Estate, to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or to any Trustee or Trustees for such Person or Persons, upon Payment of the Duty payable in respect thereof, and the Person or Persons entitled to such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, or the Trustee or Trustees for such Person or Persons shall refuse to accept such Offer, and to give a proper Release and Discharge for such Legacy or Residue, or so much thereof as shall be offered to be paid, delivered or otherwise disposed of as aforesaid, then, and in such case, although no actual Tender shall be made, if any Suit shall be afterwards iustituted for such Legacy or Effects respecting which such Offer shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Court in which Inch Suit shall be instituted, to order all Colls, Charges and Expences attending the same to be paid by the Person or Persons who shall have refused to accept such Offer, and to give or join in such Release or Discharge, or to order such Costs, Charges and Expences to be deducted and retained out of such Legacy or Effects, together with the Duty payable thereon, as the said Court shall see fit; and in case any Suit shall be instituted for Payment of any Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue of any Personal Estate, and the Person or Persons sued for the same shall be desirous of flaying Proceedings in such Suit, on Payment of the Money due, or delivering or otherwise disposing of the specific Effects demanded, after deducing or receiving the Duty payable thereon, it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Suit shall be instituted, if it shall see fit, on Application in a summary way, to make such Order for Payment of such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, or for delivering or otherwise disposing of such Effects, and for Payment of the Duty then payable thereon, and all such Costs, Charges and Expences attending such Suit as shall be just.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit shall be instituted concerning the Administration On Suits for of the Personal Ellate of any Person dying testate or intestate, or any Part of such Estate in which any AdministratMt Direction shall be given touching the Payment of any Legacies or Legacy of such Person, or the Residue of madt

his or her Personal Estate or any Part thereof, the Court wherein such Suit shall be instituted shall, in giving ga<^ Directions concerning the same, provide for the due Payment of the Duties which shall be then payable thereout; and in taking any Account of any Personal Estate or otherwise acting concerning the same, such Court shall take Care that no Allowance shall be made in respect of any Legacy or Part of Legacy, or of any Residue or Part of Residue in any manner whatsoever, without due Proof of the Payment of the Duties so payable.

CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons having or taking the Part of Legacies Burthen of the Execution of any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Per- Paid (bnal Estate of any Person deceased, may from time to time pay, deliver or otherwise dispose of any Legacy, , nf0p0rJ0[, ° or any Part of any Legacy, or make Distribution of any Part of the Residue of any Personal Estate, on

Payment from time to time of such Proportions of the Duty then payable thereon, as shall accrue in respect of such Part of such Personal Estate as shall be so administered.

CXXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the several Duties charged and to be charged by Law Duty payable in Ireland upon any Probates or Letters of Administration, or Receipts for Legacies, or Shares or Pro- Jj'dy portions of any Estate or Effects, shall be deemed and taken to be charged and payable only in respect of the m re*

Amount or Value of such Estate and Effects as shall be situated in Ireland, and of such Legacies as shall be payable out of Estates and Effects in Ireland.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Probate of the Probate* of Will of any Person deceased, or the Letters of Administration of the Effects of any Person deceased, hereto- of fore granted, or to be hereafter granted in Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be valid and available by ru C€fc the Executors or Administrators or the Deceased, for recovering, transferring or assigning any Debt or Debts or other Personal Estate or Effects whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, cither wholly or partially as a Trustee, notwithstanding that the Amount or Value of such Debt or Debts or other Personal Estate or Effects, or the Amount or Value of so much thereof, or such interest therein as was Trust Property in the Deceased, (as the case be) shall not be included in the Amount or Value of the Estate, in respect of which the Stamp Duty was paid on such Probate or Letters of Administration.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Executors or Administrators of any Person Transferof deceased shall be desirous of transferring or of receiving the Dividends of any Share Handing in the Name of Stock, UIKkf the Deceased, of and in any of the Government or Parliamentary Stock or Funds, transferrable at the Bank Trustees°* of Ireland, or of and in the Stock and Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or of and in the Stock and Funds of any other Company, Corporation or Society whatsoever, passing by Transfer in the Books of such Company, Corporation or Society, under and by virtue of any such Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, and IhJl alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and for any such other Company, Corporation or Society as aforesaid, or their respective Officers for

6 1 2 their

972

Affidavit made by Executors, as to Trull Property.

Perjury.

Hand Bills,

Almanacks,

Pamphlets,

Newspapers and

Advertisemeutf*

[Penalty.]

Printers of Hand Bills, &c.

[Penalty.]

Definition of Hand Bills.

C. 126. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

their Indemnity and Protection, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa& as herein after is mentioned, if the Fast shall not otherwise satisfo&orily appear, and thereupon to permit such Executors or Administrators to transfer the Stock or Fund in question, or receive the Dividends thereof, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or Letters of Administration of his or her Effects; and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion to recover any Debtor Debts or other Personal Effe&sdue or apparently belonging to the Deceased, and shall alledge that the Deceased was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or partially as a Trustees it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons liable to pay or deliver such Debt or Debts or other Effects, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa& as herein after is mentioned, if the Fact shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to pay, deliver or make over the Debt or Debt6 or other Effefls in question to such Executors or Administrators, or as they shall direct, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Decealed, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects; and where the Executors or Administrators of any Person deceased shall have Occasion to assign or transfer any Debt or Debts due to the Deceased, or any Chattels Real or othet Personal Effects whereof or where to the Deceased was possessed or entitled, and shall alledge that the fame respectively was or were due or vested in the Deceased either wholly or partially as a Trustee, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use such Debt or Debts, Chattels Real or other Personal Effects shall be purposed to be assigned or transferred, to require such Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa& as herein after is mentioned, if the Fa& shall not otherwise satisfactorily appear, and thereupon to accept the proposed Assignment or Transfer, without regard to the Amount of the Stamp Duty on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon any such Requisition as aforesaid the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, or some other Person or Persons to whom the Fads shall be known, shall make a special Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fa&s and circumstances of the case, dating the Property in Question; and that the Deceased had not any beneficial Interest whatever in the fame, or no other beneficial Interest therein, than shall be particularly mentioned and set forth (as the case may be), but was possessed thereof or entitled thereto, either wholly or in Part (as the case may he), in Trust for some other Person or Persons whose Name or Names, or other sufficient Description shall be specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation* or for such Purposes as shall be specified therein; and that the beneficial Interest of the Deceased, if any, in the Property in Question doth not exceed a certain Value to be therein also specified according to the best Estimate that can be made thereof, if reversionary or contingent, and that the Amount or Value of the Estate for which the Stamp Duty was paid on the Probate of the Will of the Deceased, or on the Letters of Administration of his or her Effects, is sufficient to include and cover such beneficial Interest of the Deceased, as well as the rest of the Personal Estate, whereof or where to the Deceased was beneficially possessed or entitled, and for which such Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted, as far as the fame have come to the Knowledge of such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators; and where the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Fads and circumstances of the Trusts shall be made by any other Person than the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of the Deceased, such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators shall make Affidavit or Affirmation that the same are true to the best of his, her or their Knowledge, and that the Property in Question is intended to be applied and disposed of accordingly; which Affidavits or Affirmations shall be sworn or made before a Matter in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, (who is hereby authorized to take the fame, and administer the proper Oath or Affirmation for that Purpose) and shall be delivered to the Party or Parties requiring the fame, and shall be sufficient to indemnify and protect the Party or Parties acting upon the Faith thereof; and if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully' make a false Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the Matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law now in force, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CXL. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Stamp Duties on Hand Bills, Almanacks, Pamphlets and Newspapers in Ireland, be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act, hawk, carry about, disperse or distribute any Hand Bill not being damped or marked with the Stamp Duty which shall be then by Law required, every such Person being thereof duly convicted before any Justice of the Peace shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings to the Person who shall prosecute for the fame 5 and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, shall and may be committed by such Justice to any Common Gaol within his Jurisdiction for One Week, or until he or she shall pay such Penalty, and it shall and may be lawful for any Person to seize, apprehend and carry before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City or Place where such Offence shall be committed, any such Person so offending as aforesaid.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer shall print or cause to be printed any undamped Hand Bill containing a single Advertisement, such Hand Bill being then subject to a Stamp Duty, and shall duly be convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, such Printer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who shall prosecute for the same.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That every Hand Bill or other printed Paper which shall contain more than One Advertisement shall be deemed ana taken to be a Newspaper to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C/126

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall print, publish, fell, hawk, cany about, utter or expose to Sale any Almanack or Calendar, or Dublin Directory, or any Book, Pamphlet or Paper deemed or construed to be or serving the Purpose of an Almanack, Dublin Directory, or daily Account of Goods imported and exported, not being marked or stamped with a proper Stamp, if any Stamp Duty flia.ll be then by Law payable thereon, every such Person shall for every such Almanack, Calendar, Dublin Directory, Book, Pamphlet or Paper so printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered or exposed to Sale, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, which Penalty shall be to the sole Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall without Fraud or Covin first sue for the same.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Books and Pamphlets serving chiefly for the Purpose of an Almanack or a Directory, by whatever Name or Names enfitled or described, are and shall be considered as Almanacks and Directories, and not as Pamphlets or other printed Papers within the Meaning of this Act, and of every Act by which any Stamp Duty has been or shall be imposed, or in any wise relating to the Collodion or Management of any Stamp Duty, unless the contrary shall be expressly provided, and that where any Almanack shall contain more than One Sheet or Piece of Paper, it shall be sufficient to Ramp one of the Pieces of Paper upon which such Almanack shall be printed.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That one printed Copy of every Pamphlet which shall be printed or published within the City of Dublin, shall within the Space of Six Days after the printing thereof be brought to the Stamp Office in Dublin, and the Title thereof with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and any Stamp Duty which shall be then by Law payable thereon, shall be registered or entered in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose, which Duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper Officer or Officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their Deputy or Clerk, who shall thereupon give a Receipt for the fame on such printed Copy; and that one printed Copy of every such Pamphlet that shall be printed or published in any Place in Ireland, not being within the City of Dublin, shall within the Space ot Fourteen Days after the printing thereof, be brought to some Distributor of Stamps or Perform employed by the said Commissioners, or any of them, to execute the Office of Distributor for the time being, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and the Duty which shall be then payable thereon as aforesaid, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, which Duty shall be thereupon paid to such Distributor, who shall give a Receipt for the fame on such printed Copy.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Pamphlet shall be printed or published as aforesaid, and the Duty which shall be then by Law payable thereon as aforesaid, shall not be duly paid as aforesaid within the respective times aforesaid, then the Printer or Publisher, and all and every other Person or Persons concerned in and about the printing or publishing of such Pamplet, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and all and every Author, Printer and Publisher of such Pamphlet shall forfeit and lose all Copy Right therein.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That on all Trials whatever of Actions, Informations, Complaints or Suits, for Recovery of the aforesaid Penalty for Non payment of the aforesaid Duty within the respective times aforesaid, the Proof of the Payment of the said Duty shall lie upon the Printer or Publisher of such Pamphlet.

CaLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell or expose to Sale in Ireland any Pamphlet or Newspaper, or any Paper serving the Purpose of a Newspaper, without the true Name and Surname, or Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode of some known Person or Persons, by or for whom the same shall have been or shall be really and truly printed or published being written or printed thereon, upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that on all Trials of Actions, Informations, Complaints or Suits, for Recovery of such Penalty, the Proof that the true Name and Surname, or true Names and Surnames, and Place or Places of Abode of some known Person or Persons by or for whom such Pamphlet or Newspaper shall have been really and truly printed or published, was or were written or printed thereon shall lie upon the Defendant in such Action, Information, Complaint or Suit.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That in Ireland, every Printer, Publisher and Proprietor of any Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrencer, or any Paper serving the Purposea of a Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrencer, whether for himself or in Trust for any Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person, shall as often as the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties or any of them shall, by Notice in Writing or otherwise, require the fame, within Ten Days after being so required, give in to the said Commissioners at their Office in Dublin* or to the proper Officers at their respective Offices where stamped Paper shall be distributed nearest to the Place where such Paper shall be printed or published, such Affidavit and of such Import as Printers, Publishers or Proprietors of Newspapers are or shall be by any Law or Laws directed to make, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall remain with such Commissioners of Stamps or Officers, to be produced in manner herein after mentioned as often as Occasion may require 5 and every Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrencer, in Ireland, whether for himself or in Trust for any Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person, who shall when required thereto as aforesaid neglect or omit to give in such Affidavit within the time and at the Places aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, Neglect or Omission, pay a Penalty of Forty Pounds, and shall be disabled from receiving any Stamps for printing such Newspapers upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if he, she or they, never had been qualified to print or publish any Newspaper, until he, she or they, shall make and deliver in such Affidavit as aforesaid.

CL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or for such other Officer or Officers by them appointed for the Distribution of stamped Paper as aforesaid, to take such Affidavit and Affidavits as aforesaid, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall be so made and

10 taken

973

Selling uufUrop-ed Almanacks.

[Penalty.]

Definition of Almanacks.

One Copy of every Pamphlet lodged at Stamp Office.

Not paying Duty on Pamphlets.

[Penalty.]

Onus Probandi,

Printer'* Name on Newspapers and Pamphlets.

[Penalty.]

Onus Probandi.

Affidavits of Proprietors of Newspapers.

[Penalty.]

Before whom Affidavits made.

974

Fee.

Perjury.

Affidavit Evidence ag«in(t Printer.

Copiei of Ne'vf-]'jpf.'rs lodged at Stamp Ollice, Me.

[Penalty.]

Second Editions of Netvfpape rs.

Penally.

Title of Paper

lodged at St imp Office Evidence jgaiult Pi inter.

C. 126. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

taken without Fee or Reward; and if any Person shall wilfully swear any such Affidavit or Affidavits, and the fame or any Part thereof shall contain a Falsehood, every such Person so swearing any such Affidavit or Affidavits may be indicted fdr wilful and corrupt Perjury therein, and shall upon due Conviction of such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or shall then be by Law liable and subject to.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That such Affidavits shall be produced as Occasion may require at or before the Trial of all such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations or Indictments as shall be had of commenced, filed or found touching such Newspaper or any Publication therein contained; and such Affidavit or Affidavits shall on every such Trial be received and admitted against all and every the Person and Persons who shall have so signedand sworn the fame, as conclusive Evidence of all such Matters therein as shall be by Law' required to be therein contained, and also of the Continuance of all such Matters in the fame Plight and Condition to the time in'Question on such Trial, unless it shall be proved that previous to such time such Person or Persons became Lunatic or served a Notice in Writing at the Office where such Affidavit shall have been sworn of any of the said Matters therein being changed, or unless it shall appear, that previous to such time a new Affidavit of the fame or a similar Nature respectively was or were made concerning the same Newspaper, in which the Person or Persons fought to be affected on such Trials did not join.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That every Printer or Publisher of a Newspaper or Daily Account of Goods imported or exported, printed or published in the County or County of the City of Dublin, which is or from time to time shall be liable to any Stamp Duty, shall on every Day of Publication thereof, or on such Day next following which shall not be an Holyday, between the Hours of Ten and Three on each Day, cause to be delivered to the Registrar of Pamphlets, or to such other Person as shall be appointed to act as Registrar in the Office of such Registrar, or of such Person so appointed to act as Registrar, in the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, One Impression or Copy of the Newspaper or daily Account so printed or published, with his or her Name written thereon, after the same shall be printed, by his or her own proper Hand Writing, in his or her accustomed manner of signing the fame; and every Printer or Publisher of a Newspaper printed or pilblished in any other Place in Ireland) shall, on the Day of the Publication of such Newspaper, or on such Day next following which shall not be an Holyday, in like manner between the Hours of Ten and Three of the Clock, cause to be delivered to the next Distributor of Stamps in the County in which such Newspaper shall be printed or published, Two Impressions or Copies of every such Newspaper so printed or published, with liis or her Name written thereon, after the same shall be printed, by his or her proper Hand^in his or her accustomed manner of signing the fame; for which several Copies or Impressions lo delivered the respective Printers or Publishers thereof shall be paid the usual and Current Prices of such Impressions or Copies; which said several Copies or Impressions so delivered as aforesaid shall be and they are hereby declared to be Evidence against the several Proprietors, Publishers and Printers of such Newspapers respectively, in all Complaints, Suits, Actions, Indictments, Informations, Prosecutions and Proceedings to be commenced and carried on, as well touching such Newspapers respectively, as every Matter and Thing therein contained, and touching any other Newspaper, and any or every Matter and Thing therein contained which shall be of the fame Title, Purport or EfFedt with such Impression or Copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame should vary in some lustances; and the Printers and Publishers and Proprietors of the Impressions or Copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed Printers, Publishers or Proprietors respectively of all Newspapers which shall be of the fame Title, Purport or Effect with such Copies or Impressions lo delivered as aforesaid, unless such Printers, Publishers or Proprietors respectively shall prove that such Newspapers respectively were not printed or published by them respectively, or by or with their Knowledge, Privity or Direction; and every Printer, Proprietor or Publisher of such Newspaper or Newspapers, or daily Account of Goods imported and exported, who shall neglect or omit to deliver or cause to be delivered such Copies or Impressions, or Copy or Impression, signed as aforesaid, as hereinbefore directed, shall, for every such Omission, pay a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

CLIII. And whereas many Printers and Publishers of Newspapers strike off a Second Publication or Impression, containing more Advertisements or other Matter than are contained in the Copy or Copies given in at the Stamp Office in Dublin as aforesaid, or to the Distributor, if in the Country, by which means the Duty payable in respect of such Newspaper may be evaded and other Mischiefs and Inconveniences arise Be it therefore enacted, That any Printer or Publisher in Ireland who shall vary any of the daily Publications, orpublish such Second Impression, without giving in, in manner aforesaid, a Copy of such Second Impression signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin to the Head Office as aforesaid, or if in the Country without giving in, in manner aforesaid, Two Copies to the Distributor of Stamps, signed as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds 5 and every such Second or other varied Impression shall be deemed to bennftamped, and the Printer and Publisher thereof shall be liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as if the fame were unstamped.

CL1V. And, for the Purpose of facilitating the Proof of such Offences respectively, be it enacted, That upon ail Trials of Actions, Informations or Suits, for any of the said Offences, any Newspaper of the fame Title as that for which any Defendant in any such Action, Information or Suit shall be registered at the Stamp Office as Printer, Proprietor or Publisher, shall be sufficient Evidence that such Paper was printed and published by such Person or Persons so registered, unless the Defendant in such Action, Information or Suit, shall shew' the contrary by satisfactory Evidence j and further, that upon all stich Trials the Proof of the Defendant or Defendants herein having given in, in manner aforesaid, a Copy of such Impression signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin to the Stamp Office as aforesaid, or if in the Country, Two Copies to the Distributor of Stamps signed as aforesaid, shall lie upon such Defendant or Defendants,

2 CLV. And

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 126. 975

CLV. And be it further enacted, That if the Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper, or Paper serving the Purpose of a Newspaper in Ireland, upon any Trial in any Complaint, Suit, Action, Indictment, Information or Prosecution, to be commenced or carried on touching such Newspaper, shall not admit that the Impression or Copy of the Paper left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or with the Distributor of Stamps in the County in which such Newspaper shall be printed or published, was printed or published by him or her, then and in such case any such Copy or Impression which shall have been left at the Stamp Office in the City of Dublin, or with the Distributor of Stamps in the County wherein such Newspaper shall be printed at the times hereinbefore directed, shall be considered as printed and published by him or her, though the same shall not appear to be duly signed in his or her Hand-writing, and though it shall not appear by whom the fame was so left, unless he or she shall prove that he or she left or caused to be left at the time by this Act required, a printed Copy or Impression, or Two printed Copies or Impressions of the Paper published by him or her with the Officer or Person with whom he or she is by this Act directed to leave the fame, with his or her Name written thereon in his or her own Hand-writing in the manner directed by this Act.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer or Publisher of any Newspaper, or other Paper serving the Purposes of a Newspaper in Ireland, shall be by due Course of Law outlawed for any Criminal Offence, or shall receive Judgment for printing or publishing a traiterous or seditious Libel, the said Commissioners and their Officers for distributeing stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell or deliver to or for the Use of any such Printer or Publisher so outlawed, or who shall have so received Judgment for such Libel, any stamped Paper for printing any Newspaper.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper, which shall be at any time published in Ireland, shall have become a Bankrupt, cr non compos mentisy or shall be outlawed for any Crime, or shall receive Judgment for printing or publishing any traiterous or seditious Libel, then and in every such case such Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, (half no longer be entitled to print or publish such Newspaper, but shall as to any such Right be considered from thenceforth as if he, she or they never had made such Affidavit as aforesaid.

CLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the Assignees of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, or the Committee or Committees of any Lunatic, or other Person, from printing or publishing such Newspaper, upon making the Affidavit and entering into Recognizance or Bond respectively by Law required, that they are the Printers and Publishers of such Newspapers respectively, in Trust for the Estate of such Bankrupt, Lunatic or other Person respectively.

CLTX. And be it further enacted, That the leaving or Service of any legal Process in any Suit to be brought against any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper or Pamphlet in Ireland, for the Purpose of recovering any Debt or Penalty under this Act, or any other Act which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Collection or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty at the Printing Office or Place where such Newspaper or Pamphlet respectively shall be then usually printed or published, shall be deemed and conddered to all Intents and Purposes good Service of such rTocefs.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall buy or fell, or shall, without lawful Excuse, have or keep in his, her or their Possession in Ireland, any undamped Newspaper, shall be subject and liable to the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every undamped Newspaper so bought or sold, or so found in his, her or their Possession; and every Printer, Proprietor or Publisher of any undamped Newspaper, or daily Account, or Paper serving the ?urpose of a Newspaper, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Pap >er so undamped, which he, she or they shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of a Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrencer, or any Paper serving the Purposes of such, shall have in his, her or their Possession in Ireland, such Paper not duly damped, or if such Paper shall be found in the House, Office or Printing Office of such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, which shall be printed, or in Part printed upon undamped Paper, such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor shall be subject and liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures by any Act then in force in Ireland, imposed or to be imposed upon Printers, Publishers or Proprietors, for printing or publishing such Newspapers as aforesaid upon undamped Paper.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person or Persons who is, are or shall be entitled to obtain from the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or their Officers, damped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, of which he, she or they is, are, or shall be Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall furniffi or supply any other Person or Persons with any such damped Paper, every such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum of Forty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall make use of any damped Paper for the printing of any Newspaper or ether Paper as aforesaid, which he, she or they shall receive or be furnished with by any other Person or Persons than the said Coir.missioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland, or their Officers, or Distributors, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum of Forty Pounds.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall print or publish in Ireland any Adver-tifcmer.t or Advertisements in any Pamphlet. Newspaper or other literary Performance, shall within the Space of Thirty Days next after the last Day of each Month, if such Advertisement or Advertisements shall be printed or published within the City of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the Stamp Duty or Duties which shall be then by Law charged thereon, to the respective Persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective Deputies or Clerks $ and if printed or published in any Part of Ireland, out of the Limits of the

City

Copies so hxlged Ev idence a?ai*ft Printers.

Print ert outlawed, &c. shall not have Stamps-fur Papers.

Printers becom- ing Bankrupts, &c.

Assignees of Bankrupts allowed to print.

Service of Process at Printing Office sufficient.

Buying, &c. or having unftarr.p-ed Newspapers.

[Penalty.]

Printers having

undamped

Newspapers.

Penalties.

Printer? shall ner supp'y others with Stamps.

Penal tv.

Penalty,

Payment of Duty on Advertisements.

976

Allowance.

[Penalty.]

Neglecting to pay Duties.

Officers felling, & c.

[Penalty.]

Bond for Payment of Duty.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Printing Materials seized for Duty.

Game Certificates.

Mode of granting Certificate by StamiiDiT. tribuiors.

C. 126.

52 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

City of Dublin* then to the next adjacent Officer for the time being, appointed for the Collection of Stamp Duties, and the said Commissioners and Officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon Payment of the said Duties on such Advertisements to give a Receipt or Receipts for the Duty or Duties so paid, and upon Payment thereof in the manner and within the time hereinbefore for that Purpose limited, the said Commissioners or their Officers receiving the same shall make to the Person or Persons paying the fame out of the Sums so to be paid such Allowance thereout, if any, as shall be then warranted by Law; and in Default of such Payment within the time herei -before for that Purpose limited, the Printer or Publisher of every such Advertisement shall be liable to pay Treble the Amount of the Duties then by Law chargeable thereupon, to be recovered by His Majesty with the full Costs of Suit; and if any Printer, Publisher or Proprietor of a Newspaper or other Paper serving the Purposes of a Newspaper, shall within the time hereinbefore limited for Payment of the said Duties on Advertisements neglect to pay the same, the said Commissioners and their Officers for distributing Stamps, stamped Vellum, Paper and Parchment respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell or deliver to or for the Use of such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor, any stamped Paper for printing any Newspaper upon, until such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor so in Arrear shall have paid and discharged all Arrears of Advertisement Duty, to the Payment of which he wassubject, up to, and for the last Day of the Month, next preceding the Month in which such Payment shall be made: and if any Officer acting under the said Commissioners shall knowingly fell or deliver any stamped Paper for printing a Newspaper upon, contrary to the aforesaid Prohibition, he shall upon Conviction thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, and if Judgment shall be entered against any such Officer upon Information for such Offence, every such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Printer or other Person or Persons shall publish in Ireland any Newspaper, or any Paper serving the Purpose of a Newspaper, unless he, she or they, together with the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Paper, and together with Two sufficient Sureties, shall previous thereto have entered into Security by Bond in a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, nor less than Two hundred Pounds, to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties which shall or may from time to time be payable upon all Advertisements which shall be printed therein, upon Pain that every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and that no Officer appointed for distributing Vellum, Parchment or Paper in Ireland, shall fell or deliver any stamped Paper for printing any public Newspaper, Intelligencer or Occurrencer, to any Person, unless such Person shall have previodfly given such Security for the Payment of the said Duties; and if any Officer shall fell or deliver any stamped Paper for printing a Newspaper on, to any Person who shall not have entered into such Security, knowing that such Security was not entered into, he shall upon Conviction thereof forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds; and if Judgment shall be entered against any such Officer upon Information for such Offence, evetj such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Materials and Utensils for Printing, used in and kept at or belonging to any Printing House in Ireland, in which any Newspaper, or any Paper serving the Purpose of a Newspaper as aforesaid, hath been or shall be printed, into whose Hands soever the same shall have come, or shall come, or by whatsoever Conveyance or Title the same shall be chimed, shall be in the first Place, liable and subject to and are hereby charged with all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have become due for the Duties which are or have been, or from time to time shall be by Law, charged on the Advertisements which have been, or shall be printed or published in such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, and as shall be due for Fine6 or Penalties adjudged against the Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Newspaper, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts which shall be then of force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Collection or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty during such time as such Materials or Utensils shall have belonged to, or been used in, or kept at such Printing House as aforesaid 5 and it shall and may be lawful in all cases to levy such Sum and Sums of Money, upon such Materials and Utensils in like manner as if the Printer or Printers of such Newspaper or other Paper as aforesaid, were the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Materials and Utensils at the time of levying the same.

CLXVI. And, for the better securing the Payment of Stamp Duties on Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland, be it enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Person in Ireland not acting as a Game Keeper, under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered as herein after directed, who shall keep or use any Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game, shall previously deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person to some Distributor of Stamps in Irelandt and shall annually take out a Certificate thereof from One of such Distributors, and that every Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper,

franted to airy Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person having a Right to make any such )eputation or Appointment in Ireland, shall be registered with the Distributor of Stamps in the City of Dublin, or with a Distributor of Stamps in any One County, wherein such Deputation or Appointment is to be of force, and the Game Keeper so appointed, shall annually take out a Certificate thereof on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly stamped according to such Laws as shall from time to time be in force relating thereto, which said Vellum, Parchment or Paper respectively, with such Stamp thereon respectively, shall be found and provided by the Person or Persons requiring such Certificates respectively.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of January in each Year, every Person delivering into the Office of any such Distributor of Stamps in Ireland as aforesaid, a Paper or Account containing as is hereinbefore required, and every Game Keeper to whom any such Deputation or Appointment shall be granted as aforesaid, -registering the fame in manner aforesaid, and producing a Piece of Vellum, Parchment

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126. 977

merit or Paper, stamped with the Duty which shall be then by Law required thereon; and also paying the Sum of 'Two Shillings and Six pence to such Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid for his Trouble, and requiring a Certificate thereof, shall be annually entitled to such Certificate; and every such Distributor of Stamps shall thereupon issue a Certificate on such stamped Paper, Vellum or Parchment, in the Form or to the-Effect following; that is to say,

T A* B* Distributor of Stamps for the County of [or9 or the District of Certificate.

4*9 as the case may happen to be-] do hereby certify, that of

in the Parish of in the Barony of and County or City [as the case 1

may bc-\ of hath this Day delivered into my Office a Paper, containing his Name

and Place of Abode, [as the case may happen to be-\ hath this Day registered a Deputation, whereby he

is appointed a Game Keeper by Dated this

Day of

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Distributor of Stamps after lie shall have signed such Distributor refa-Certificate shall forthwith issue the fame stamped as hereinbefore is directed, to the Person or Persons respect sing to grant tively requiring the fame in manner aforesaid 5 and shall, previous to the Delivery thereof, be entitled to Certificate, demand and receive of and from such Person the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence as aforesaid for his own Trouble in that Behalf; and in case any such Distributor of Stamps shall upon Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and on Production of such Paper, Vellum or Parchment so stamped as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to issue to such Person as aforesaid so delivering such Paper or Account in Writing, or registering such Deputation as aforesaid, a Certificate in manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed, every such Distributor of Stamps shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Penalty. Twenty Pounds; and moreover be liable to pay to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duty payable on such Certificate.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate issued by any Distributor of Stamps as aforesaid. Certificate! to shall bear Date on the Day of the Month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain iu continue in force force from thence until the Twenty fifth Day of March next following the Date thereof, and no longer; unt'l 45th and if any Distributor of Stamps shall issue any Certificate to any Person otherwise than as hereinbefore annua*ty*

directed, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have, keep or use any Greyhound, Hound, Keeping Dogs Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel or other Dog, or any Gun, Net Or other Engine for the Taking or Destruc- &c. not certified tion of any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Heatli Fowl, commonly called Black Game % or Grouse commonly called Red Game, or any other Game whatsoever, without having duly obtained a Certificate for the fame according to Law, every inch Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any Deputation or Appointment of a Game Keeper Game Keeper shall be granted after the Commencement of this Act, shall for the Space of One Calendar not taking out Month next after the time of granting the fame, neglect or refuse to register the fame, and take out a Certifi- Certificate, cate thereof according to Law, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay Penalty, the Sum of Twenty rounds.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, shall on or before Distributors f the Fifth Day of every Month transmit to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties at their Office in Dublin, a make Returns correct Lift in Alphabetical Order of the Certificates by them respectively issued in the then last preceding ot Certificate* Month, and shall keep in their respective Offices correct Copies of such Lifts 5 and in case any Distributor of Eranted* Stamps shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit any of such Lifts as aforesaid, or to keep a correct Copy thereof, or shall not insert in such Lifts, a full, true and perfect Account as hereinbefore directed, of all the Persons the fame ought to contain; then and in every such case every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Lift upon such Transmission thereof as aforesaid, Lists of Certifi- shall be deposited and kept at the Stamp Office in Dublin, and that the fame and also the Copy thereof so kept cates at Head by the Distributor fending the fame, shall and may within the respective Office Hours be retorted to and in- Office, speded by any Person whatsoever, on Payment of One Shilling and no more 5 and if any such Distributor on Demand duly made within Office Hours, and on Payment or Tender to him of the said Sum of One Shilling,

/hall refuse, decline, neglect or omit to produce such Copy so kept at the Office of such Distributor to the Person or Persons so demanding the fame, every such Distributor shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to the Person or Persons so aggrieved, or any One or more of them, who shall first sue for the Penalty, fame; the same to be recovered by Civil Bill in the Court of proper Jurisdiction.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Irelandf if it shall seem Lists published. to them expedient so to do, and so often and at such times, once in every Year, as they shall think fit, shall and may publish the Lifts so transmitted to them, or cause the same to be inserted in the Newspapers circulating in each respective County, or in such public Newspapers as to them shall seem most proper.

CLXXV. And whereas such Deputation of a Game Keeper may be revoked or cease by Death, Rtfigna-tion or Removal, before the Expiration of such Certificate, and the Person entitled thereon to make a new Deputation, may be unable to get Possession of such Certificate $ be it therefore enacted, That if any Lord or New Depuration Lady of a Manor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall make any new Deputation or Appointment within the on Removal of Year, of a Game Keeper for any Manor or Lands, in the Room of the Person previously appointed, and to whom °jme Keeper, any Certificate as aforesaid shall have been previously issued; and such Person so newly appointed shall register such new Deputation or Appointment with the Distributor of Stamps, in the fame District in which such 52 Geo. III. 6 K former

Penalties.

Provii'o,

PrcdiAion of Certificate.

Refusing.

Pe&alty.

Certificate no Qualification.

Onus Proban di.

I.imitation of Actions.

Ceneral issue.

[Treble Costs.]

Penalties payable in British Cunency.

Recovery of Penalties by Action or Civil

Bill

Appeal.

C. 126. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

former Certificate was granted, and shall obtain a new Certificate thereof, every former Certificate granted id the same Year, on a Deputation signed by the same Person, shall from thenceforth be null and void; and any Person acting under any such former Certificate, after the granting of such new and other Certificate, having Notice thereof, shall be liable to all Penalties which are or shall be prescribed by Law, in the same manner as if no Certificate had been granted to such Person: Provided always, that in every such case the Distributor granting such further Certificate within the Year, shall write at the Foot thereof these Words; to wit, Second/ (Third, Fourth, and so on, as the case may he), Certificate within this Year; and shall subscribe such Memorandum with his Name, and that every such further Certificate so subscribed shall not require any Stamp, but shall be good and valid, as if duly {lamped; any Act now made, or hereafter to be made, notwithstanding, unless this rrovision shall be by such future Act expressly repealed.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be found using any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine, for the taking or Destru6lion of Game, it shall and may be lawful for the Occupier of the Land where Tie shall be so found, or for any Person or Persons having any Estate whatsoever in the said Land, whether in Possession, Remainder, Reversion or future Interest, or for any Person who hath obtained a Certificate in manner hereinbefore directed, and shall produce the fame, to demand and require from the Person so using such Dog, Gun, Net or Engine as aforesaid, to produce and {hew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, as hereinbefore is directed, and every such Person shall, upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Person so demanding and requiring the fame, and permit the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such Person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew a Certificate issued to him for that Purpose, or shall decline to produce or {hew the fame, or not having produced and shewn'such Certificate, shall refuse on Demand thereof to give in his Name and Surname, and the Place of his Residence, or shall give in any false or fictitious Name or Place of Residence, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate hereby directed to be issued by any Distributor of Stamps, shall uot authorize or enable any Person to use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, or other Dog, or any Gun, Net, or other Engine for the Taking or Destruction of Game at any time or times, or in any Place, or in any manner prohibited by any Law now in being or hereafter to be made, nor shall give to any Person any Right to use any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel or other Dog, or any Gun, Net or other Engine for the Taking or Destruction of Game, unless such Person shall be otherwise duly qualified by Law so to do, nor in any Place in which such Person would not otherwise have a Right to use the same.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Prosecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced against any Person for keeping or using any Dog, Gun, Net or Engine for the Taking or Dcllruction of Game, without having obtained a Certificate duly ilamped in manner required by Law, the Proof that such Person has obtained such Certificate duly stamped, shall lie on the Party against whom such Prtffecution or Proceeding shall be had or commenced, and not on the Party complaining; any Law or Usage to the contrary not with {landing.

CLXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done under the Authority of or in pursuance of this Act, or of any Act which shall then be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of Stamp Duty or Duties, save where otherwise particularly directed, then and in every such case the said Action or Suit shall be commenced with Six Calendar Months after the Fa6l committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants ia such Action or Suit to be brought may plead the General issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act or such other Acts as aforesaid; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any County, City or Place, other than as aforesaid, then and in every such cale the Plaintiff in such A6liou shall be nonfmted, and if the Plaint iff or Plaintiffs shall be so or otherwise nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which is, are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency, unless otherwise expressly directed.

CLXXXI. And be it further e: .a6led. That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or to be imposed by or under this Act, or any Amendment thereof, or any other Act or Acts which is or are or shall be in force in Ireland, in any wise relating to the Pa ment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty, tnay be recovered with Costs of Suit by any Person who shall sue for the lame, save where the contrary is particularly directed, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, or by Civil Bill in the Court of the Recorder, Chairman or Assistant Barriller within whose Local Jurisdiction such Offence shall have been committed; and that every such Penalty not particularly directed to be otherwise applied shall belong, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person filing for the fame, and that the like Appeal shall and may be lawful from the Decision on any such Civil Bill, and under all

5 tht

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126. 979

the fame Terms, Regulations and Conditions as in the case of any Civil Bill for any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds in an Action of Debt on a Bond, Bill or Specialty for Payment of Money only.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which by or under the Provisions of this Act, Condemnation or of any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to of Goods seized the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, any Seizure is directed or permitted to be made, the Perfor. or Peifous making such Seizure shall within Ten Days from the time of making such Seizure, leave at maydeteimin# the Office of the Distributor of the District wherein such Seizure shall have been made, a Note in Writing claims, signed by such Person or Persons, dating the Time and Place of such Seizure, and the reason for making the same, which Note shall be immediately filed at the said Office; and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, or any of the Owners of such Goods so seized, or of any Part thereof, at any time after the filing of such Note and within Twenty one Days from the Day of such Seizure, to require and obtain at fuel) Office a Copy rf such Note, paying for the same a Sum of One Shilling and no more, and Fee. to leave at fuel) Office a Claim in Writing signed by such Person or Persons, dating his or her Place of Abode, and claiming such Goods so seized, or any Part thereof that may be specified therein, as or on Behalf of the Owner or Owners, or One of the Owners thereof, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons so making such Seizure, at any time not exceeding Thirty Days from the making of such Seizure, to require a Copy of such Claim, paying for the same One Shilling and no more, and to make Application to any Justice of the Peace in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town wherein such Seizure shall have been lb made, for a Summons to the Person or Persons so making such Claim, and such Justice of the Peace shall issue such Summons accordingly, thereby requiring every fuel) Claimant to appear before him at a Time and Place to be therein named for the Decision of such Claim j and such Summons being duly served on such Claimant or Claimants, either personally, or at his, her or their Place or Places of Abode mentioned in such Claim, and Copies of such Seizing Note and Claim, atteded by the Distributor of such Didrift, or Person or Persons asti ng as such, being produced before such Justice of the Peace, he shall and may proceed m to hear the Merits thereof, and such Evidence or Admissions, if any, as may be produced or made applicable thereto, and shall thereupon, or upon the Non Appearance of either Party, decide on the Merits of such Seizure, and make his Adjudication thereon accordingly: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for Appeal, either Party against whom such Adjucation shall be so made, at any time within Ten Days from the making thereof, to appeal therefrom in manner herein after mentioned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Adjudication, who shall in a summary way hear and decide on the fame; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices at Sessions as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Coils occasioned by such Appeal as to him or them shall seem meet.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons so making such Seizure shall not Seizures unlaw-leave such Note in Writing at such Distributor's Office as aforesaid, or in case of such Claim being put in as^for want of aforesaid, shall not cause such Summons to be issued and served as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and Notice, &c. taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been unlawfully made; and if, after the filing of such Seizing Note as aforesaid, such Claim shall not be made as aforesaid, such Seizure shall be deemed and taken to all Jut*-4* and Purposes to have been lawful and just, and if such Summons shall have been issued, then Adjudication of such Justice, if not effectually appealed from, and in case of such Appeal the Decision of such Court of Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enaacJ, TUt the Pn.tj deflruns or making ruen Appeal shall within Ten Recognizance Days from the making of such Adjudication enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties before the 00 Aj'peal* Justice making such Adjudication, or in his Absence before any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City, in such Sum as such Justice shall think proper, to pay the Costs, if any, which may be adjudged against him, her or them thereon, and that if he, me or they shall not do so, such Appeal shall be considered as null and void.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in How Penalties Ireland within whose Jurisdiction any Offence for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty Pounds shall be n<*«*ceed, n5 committed against this Act, or against any other Act or Acts in force, or which shall at any time be in force 40 rccovcre # in Ireland relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties or Duty, in which it is not expressly directed to the contrary', and every fuel* Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required upon any Information or Complaint in such case to summon the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Fast, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confession of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for such Penalty, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for levying such Penalty on the Goods of such Offender, nd to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace or any other Justice of the Peace of the same County, or County of a City or Town in which such Conviction shall be, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for such time as he shall judge to be proper, not lets than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid; and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party convicted, shall find himself or herself AppeaL aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Person upon giving sufficient Security by Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, before such Justice^ in case such Appeal shall be by the Prosecutor, to pay such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed 5 and in cafeduch Appeal shall be by the Party convicted, then upon giving such Security to

6Ka pay

980

C. 126.

52

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Certiorari*

limitation of Complaint.

Witnesses refu-sing to attend.

[Penalty.]

Informer competent Witness.

Form of Con-

pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed by fticli Conviction, together with such Cods as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justice or Justices at the next General Sessions of the County which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from such Conviction shall have been made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed, if such County shall be divided into DiitriCb, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County or County of a Town or City which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively; and such Justices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath and finally hear and determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgment of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justice* as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to him or them shall seem meet, and such Justice or Justices of the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may thereupon proceed in the same manner in all respects as the Justice making such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not taken place, and no Certiorari shall in any case be granted to examine or remove any such Conviction whether before or after such Appeal.

CLXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to be convicted before any Justice of the Peace for any Offence committed against this Act or any other Act, empowering or in any wise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, unless Complaint shall be made within Twelve Months from the time of committing such Offence.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in any of the said cases before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, (the Expence of such Witness or Witnesses being first paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice or Justice of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, ) or, upon appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or any other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, or under any Act imposing or in any wise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Duties, whether in any Suit to be instituted in any of the said superior Courts, or by Civil Bill, or before a Justice or Justices, or at Sessions, any Informer or other Person who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, shall nevertheless be received and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding; and such Testimony shall, if believed, be sufficient thereon to all Intents and Purposes, as far as the fame Testimony could be, if given by any indifferent Person.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, or of any Offence under any Act in any wise relating to the raJ7»nt or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatls mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, without setting forth the Evidence, or stating the case in any mnra pnctlcil'ar manner that is to say,

' JgE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. of in the County of [or, County of the City

t or Town of, as the case may be-], was convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of [or. County of a City, fcfr.], for that the

said A.B. on the Day of now last pall, at in the said County

g of did \hereJlate the Offence], contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided; and I

do therefore adjudge the said A.B. to have forfeited a Sum of British Currency.

Given under my Hand and Seal the 9

Day of

Con visions returned 10 Clerk of the Peace.

[Penalty.]

Form of Warrant for levying Penalties.

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Parchment, and returned within Ten Days from the Day of such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, as the case may be, or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall negledfc or omit so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Ten Pounds.

CXC. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant to be issued by such Justice of the Peace for levying any Penalty under any such Conviction from the Goods of such Offender, shall be in the Form following, or in fomt other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, which Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; that is to say,

County of to wit. To M. and N. and each of them, and their and each of

their Assistants.

WHEREAS on the Day of now last past, £. F. of

was duly convicted, for that he [or, she] on the Day of

then last past, at in the said County of [or. County of the City or Town of, as the case may he] did \hcrc set out the Offence]; and thereupon the said E. F. hath

become liable to a Fine or Penalty of British Currency. I do therefore by these Pre-

9 Tent*

981

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 126.

fents authorize and command you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. 4 or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six

Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E. F. the Overplus, if any, and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to me without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day

of /

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to onfwer such Penalty, and Warrants shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or Offenders, the same shall be in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words 4 I do therefore by these Prefen ts / which Words and all from thence to the Words*disposed

of according to Law/ inclusive, shall be omitted, and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit,

And whereas on the Day of a Warrant was issued to levy the said Sum from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answerthe said Sum, I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said E. F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said C.D. or any other Magistrate

of the said County/

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Directions thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler, and that from and after the Words 4 I do therefore hereby authorize and command you/ there shall follow these Words to receive into your

Custody the Body of the said E. F. and him [or, her] safely to keep for from the

Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

Day of /

And each and every of the said Forms or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals for carrying the fame into Execution shall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirming the fame, or any of them, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or some other Form of Words of the fame Import respectively:

County of to wit. To M and N. and each of them, their and each of their

Assistants

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year E. F. of

c was duly convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County, for that he [or, (he] on the

Day of then last past, at in the said County did [here

set out the Offence"] and thereupon the said E. F. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of

' British Currency; And whereas the said E. F. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions, which

hath affirmed the fame with Costs, making together with the said Fine or Penalty the Sura

4. of: These are therefore to authorize and command you and each of you to take

into your Possession the Goods of the said E. F. or a Sufficiency thereof, for levying the said last mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid; and if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum, within Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said E, F. the Overplus, if any, and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us or one of us, [or, to me, as the case may be] without

Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, under my Hand and

Seal] this Day of /

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, and a Warrant shall thereupon be issued for

committing such Offender or Offenders, the same shall be in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned, to the Words these are therefore to authorize and command you / which Words and all from thence to the Words4 disposed of according to Law' inclusive, shall be omitted; and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place 5 to wit,

And whereas on the Day of a Warrant was issued to levy the said % Sum

from the Goods of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum, We [or, I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said

4 E. F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before us [or, me/]

And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler, and that from and after the Words We [or, I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you/ there shall follow these Words, to take into your Custody the Body of the said E. F'. and him [or, her] safely to keep for

from the Date hereof, unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, my

Hand and Seal] this Day of /

And each and every of the said Forms or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

CXCII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall within One Calendar Month after any such Conviction shall have been returned to his Office, furnish to the next Distributor of

Stamps,

Form of Warrant of Coin* mu Cal.

Form of Con*, mitral.*

Form of Warrants, &c. on Affirmation oS Conviction oa Appeal.

Form of Warrant of Committal.

Clerk oFPeact to fend Copies

982 C. 126, 127. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

of Convictionsto Stamps, or to some Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been Stamp Distnbu- maje, a Copy of such Conviction signed by himself, for which he shall receive from such Distributor the tors, and t ey to gHm One and no more; and every such Distributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed

ommi loners.^the faj(] Commissioners of Stamps at their Head Office in Dublin; and if any, such Clerk of the Peace

or Distributor shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Penalty. Sum of Five Pounds.

The King's CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That such Part, Share and Proportion as shall be payable to Hi*

Share Penal- Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of, from or out of any Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine payable or recoverable ties, See. paid to under this Act, or any Amendment thereof, or under any Act or Acts which shall in any wise relate to the faTfcc* eDC" Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duties in Ireland, and the Fines payable by Distributors as aforesaid, shall unless otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month after the same shall be levied

or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace or other Person by whom the same shall have been so levied

or received, to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, if the same shall have been so levied in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, and if in any other Part of Ireland, then to some Distributor of Stamps resident in the County where the Offeree was committed, and if any such Justice of the Peace or Penalty. other Person shall neglect or omit so to pay over the fame, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

[Proviso.]

One Penalty CXCIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if different Proceedings shall be had or taken against for one Offence, the same Person for the fame Offence, in the several Modes authorized by this Act, such Person shall nevrr-theless be liable only to One Penalty, the Right to which shall depend on the Priority of the Proceeding* for Recovery of the fame; and if any Question shall arise concerning the Priority of such Proceedings, then and in such case the Proceeding under which the Party complained of shall have been first duly served with Summons or other Process, which shall be afterwards proceeded on without Delay by the Party informing or prosecuting, shall be considered as entitled to, and shall have Priority over any other Proceeding for the fame Offence, and shall accordingly veil the Right to the Penalty duly fought thereby: Provided never-

theless, that if the Person againfF whom any such Proceedings shall be taken, shall be an Attorney of any of the superior Courts in Dublin, then the Service of Notice of a Declaration filed shall for the Purpose* aforesaid be of the fame Effect as the Service of Summons or Process as aforesaid.

Justices, Ste. CXCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer, in Ireland,

refusing to sft. shall neglect or refusein any Instance to carry into Execution this Act> or any Act or Acts which is or shall be in force in Ireland, relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties, or any of the Provisions thereof, upon a proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Penalty. Peace Officer, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

Justices may CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp

mitigate Penal- Duties, by Order and under the Directions of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treaties under Order surer of Ireland, to mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be incurred by any Distributor of of Treasury. Stamps as aforesaid, or which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of any Justice of the Peace

under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall from time to time be in force in Ireland relating in any wise to the Payment or Regulation of any Stamp Duty or Duties in Ireland, so far as concerns the Proportion of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by such Justice of Peace, payable to His Majesty, his Heir* or Successors; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commencement CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulation* ot Ath therein contained, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months

next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act: to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for fui-pending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the making of Starch from Wheat or any other Article or Thingufed*W for the Food of Man, should he prohibited for a limited time: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and No Starch, See. by the Authority of the same, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, made from shall be made or prepared from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing

Wheat, &c. used for the Food ot Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Ar-

ticle or Thing used for the Food of Man.

Making Starch

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the Continuance of this Act, any Maker or Makers of from Wheat, &c. Starch, or other Person or Persons whatever, shall make or begin to make Starch, Hair Powder or Blue from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Tiling used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid in any Vat, Trough or other Utensil or Vessel, any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, or any Mixture with Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for

A.D. 1812.2° GEORGII III. C. 127. 983

for the Food of Man, for the Purpose of making Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, then £nd in each and every such case such Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, or other Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any Vat, Trough or other Utensil or Vessel which shall be made use of contrary to the Intention of this Act shall be found, shall severally and respectively (over and above all other Penalties imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament already in force) forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds 5 and all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Penahy.

[Proviso.]

Thing used for the Food of Man, together with every such Vat, Trough or other Utensil or Vessel shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to Tubject any Starch Maker to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his completing or finishing any Operation of Starch making from any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, openly put in Fermentation in his entered Starch House, on or before the Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so that such Operation shall be continued without wilful Delay; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article Wheat, &c. or Thing used for the Food of Man, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be found in any Starch House, found »n »ny or in any Place wherein Starch shall be preparing or making, or wherein any Starch shall have been prepared or surt made, or which shall have been or shall be entered for making or preparing of Starch, all such Wheat, Barley, "c( or eit*Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man respectively shall be forfeited, together with the Vessels, Sacks, Bags and other Things containing the fame, and the same shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession or Occupation such Starch House or Place shall be, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of Two penalty. hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to Starch Houfoi, and for any Person or Persons who shall be authorized for that Purpose by the Commissioner* of Excise for the or other Places-time being, or any Two or more of them, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, by One futpetfeJ

or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain, at any time or times with any entered*

Officer or Officers of Excise, or for any Officer or Officers of Excise to enter into any Starch House or any other Place whatever, wherein any Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, shall be or shall be suspected to be preparing or making or prepared or made; and every such Officer of Excise and Person so authorized as aforesaid shall have free Admittance into, and may inspect all the Materials, Vessels and Utensils contained in any such Starch House or other Place (giving thereby as little Interruption as may be to the lawful Business which shall be there carrying on), and in case any such Officer of Excise shall have reason to suspect that any Wheat, Barley,

Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man is mixed in any Waters

or Liquids, or with any other Materials-or Preparations whatsoever, or is otherwise in Operation for preparing Samples taken

or making Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, it shall be lawful for such Officer at any time or times during the of Preparations

Continuance of this Act, upon Payment of Three pence per Pound Weight (if demanded) to take a Sample on paying 3d*

not exceeding Fifty Pounds Weight of any such Mixtures in Waters or Liquids or other Materials or Prepa- Per Pound.

rations which shall be found in any such Starch House or other Place aforesaid; and in case any Maker of

Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, or the Owner or Occupier of any such Starch House or Place, or any Workman

or Servant belonging to any such Maker or Makers, or Owner or Occupier, shall refuse to admit such Person Refufiag.

or Persons as shall be so authorized, or any Officer or Officers of Excise into any such Starch House or Place,

or shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Person or Persons in making such Inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such Officer to take such Sample after the said Sum of Three pence per Pound Weight

shall be paid or tendered for the fame, every such Maker, Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Offence Penalty.

respectively, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such Officer of Excise Seizures made

or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, having a Warrant for that Purpose from any Two or more of Wheat, &c.

of the Commissioners of Excise, or any Julkice or Justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take and carry

away all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of

Man, and also all such Mixtures or Waters or Liquids, or other Materials pr Preparations as shall be found in

any such Starch House or other Place, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags and other Things in which the said Commodities or any of them shall be contained.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers Makers of

of Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, to have or keep for his, her or their necessary Use, in any Dwelling House, Starch, Sec. not to Room or Place, {not being an entered House, Room or Place for making or preparing of Starch) any Quan- more th*° tity of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, not exceeding at any one time the Quantity of wheats &cla of Eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal; and that if any such Maker or po0eflion. Makers shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be possessed of or have in his, her or their Custody or Pbffession, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons in Trust or for the Use or Benefit of such Maker, more than Eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, at any oue time, in any one or more Place or Places, every such Maker or Makers shall, for every such Offence, respectively for- Penalty, feitall such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal, exceeding the said Quantity of Eight Bushels, and also the Sum of Five Pounds for every Bushel so forfeited: Provided always, nevertheless, that Proviso for this Act shall not extend to inflict the said last mentioned Forfeiture or Penalty or either of them, upon any Growers of

Maker of Starch who shall be the actual Grower of Wheat, Barley or other Grain, and shall be possessed of heh,

any Quantity of such Wheat, Barley or other Grain in the Straw grown by him, or after such Wheat, Barley starchMataes. or other Grain is threshed out or separated from the Straw, provided that fucR Wheat, Barley or other Grain

shall

[Proviso.]

Pliers (uf; >c&ed eute-cd by Ofli-cvrs fi «ving Warrant-, uho nviy make Se»-r ines of Wheat,

6cC.

Kl.tkers halving Wheat, See. exceeding Eight Bushels. Penalty.

Contrails for Starch or Hair Powder void.

She Paste deemed making of Starch.

49 G. 3- c. 98. Sell. A.

Part of Duty on Smch imported impended.

Packages of Stuch of not lets than icdlb. imported and exported.

Regulations observedonlmport-atiott of Starch.

C. 127. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

ftnll rot be kept in his Possef&on or in the Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, for a greater Space of time than Twenty Days after the same shall be threshed or separated from the Straw, and so as such Wheat, Barley or other Grain be not kept in any Place nfed for making, preparing or keeping Starch: Provided also, that this Act shall not extend to inflifl the said last mentioned Forfeiture and Penalty or either of them upon any Maker of Starch who praerifes the Trade of a Miller, and who was possessed of and as a Miller worked any Mill or Mills for the grinding of Wheat, Barley or other Grain, on or before the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, for or upon account of any Quantity of Wheat, Barley or other Grain, which shall during the time hereinbefore limited be found not wetted or steeped in any such Mill or Mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any other Person or Persons shall at any time or times have cause tofufpefl that any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, exceeding the Quantity of Eight Bushels of such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal belonging to any Maker or Makers of Starch, Hair Powder or Blue, shall be laid or kept in any Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary or other Place or Places contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such case, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons before the Commissioners of Excise, or any Two or more of them, in England, for the time being, or before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace redding near the Place where such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons shall suspefl the same to be laid or kept, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons shall make Oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Sells, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid by Day or by Night, (but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constable or other lafulw Officer of the Peace> to enter into all and every Storehouse, Warehouse, Granary or other Place or Places where he or they shall so suspefl that any Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal exceeding the Quantity of Eight Bushels of Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour and Meal, belonging to any such Maker or Makers shall be laid or kept, and to seize, take and carry away all such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal, as he or they shall so find over and above the said Quantity of Eight Bushels, together with all the Vessels, Sacks, Bags or other Things wherein the same shall be contained; and such Maker or Makers or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour or Meal belonging to such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, shall be found, shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and pay the said Penalty of Five Pounds for every Bushel exceeding the said Quantity of Eight Bushels; and the said Officer or Officers and other Person or Persons is and are hereby empowered by such Warrant, together with such other Person or Persons as he or they shall take to his or their Assistance, to enter such Storehouses, Warehouses, Granaries and other Place or Places, and break open the Doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on Demand.

VII. And whereas there may have been Contracts made by Makers of Starch with several Persons for Starch or Hair Powder to be delivered and received at future times after the passing of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That all Contrafh or Bargains made by any Maker or Makers of Starch, or by any Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, with any Person or Persons whatever for any Starch or Hair Powder to be delivered at any time during the Continuance of this Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the wetting, steeping or preparing of Flour, Meal or Potatoes, for the Purpose of making Size Paste or flifFening Materials to be employed, or of the Sort or Kind usually employed or made use of by Bleachers or others in bringing Manufactures of Linen or Cotton to a finished State, shall be deemed and taken to be a Beginning to make Starch from Flour within the Meaning of this Act, and the making of any such Size Paste or ftiffening Materials from Flour, Meal or Potatoes, shall be deemed and taken to be a making of Starch from Flour, Meal or Potatoes (as the case may require) within the Meaning of this Act.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof a certain perpetual Duty of Customs of Six Pounds and a certain temporary Duty of Two Pounds are imposed for every Hundred Weight of Starch imported into Great Britain:

And whereas it is expedient that for a limited time the Duties on Starch imported should be lowered Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and until and upon the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, Six Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence per Hundred Weight of Starch, Part of the said Duties of Customs imposed upon Starch imported into Great Britain, shall be and the fame is hereby suspended for and in respect of all such Starch as shall be imported into Great Britain after the said Tenth Day of July and before the said First Day of No-vembery and the Money arising from the said Duty shall be paid into the Exchequer and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

X. And whereas it is expedient to allow Starch to be imported into and exported from Great Britain in Packages of One hundred Pounds, Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to import into and export from Great Britain any Starch in Packages containing not less than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Starch imported or brought into this Kingdom shall, in order to ascertain the Duties payable thereon, have been weighed by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the proper Officer or Officer of the Customs shall secure the fame until the Delivery thereof into the

Charge

A.D. 1812. 52" (^EORGII III. C. 127. 985

Charge and Custody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and upon the Delivery thereof into the CuL tody of the proper Officer or Officers of Excifd, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors* or Con-ligneeor Consignees thereof shall at his, her or their own proper Costs and Charges, remove all such Starch to and deposit the fame in such convenient House, Warehouse or Place as the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall direct; and thereupon such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, shall on being required by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise so to do, immediately wrap all such Starch in Papers of the Colours or one of them herein after mentioned and no other, each such Paper containing not less than Four Pounds Weight nor more than Seven Pounds Weight of Starch, and also tie up every such Wrapper, where the Ends of the Paper containing such Starch shall be folded, and also strongly affix or paste with warm Paste made from Glue, on the Outside of every such Wrapper, after the same shall be so tied, a Label of very thin Paper Three Inches long and Three Inches broad at the least, and of a different Colour from the Paper in which the Starch shall be wrapped; that is to say, if such Starch shall be wrapped in blue or brown Paper the said Label shall be with white, and if such Starch shall be wrapped in white Paper such Label shall be blue, and shall also affix and paste every such Label on the Foldings of both Ends of the Paper enclosing such a Quantity of Starch, and in such a manner as to prevent the opening of the said Paper containing such Starch without tearing such Label; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend to fee facn Starch papered and tied in manner aforesaid, and such Label affixed and passed on every such Paper containing such Starch; and such Officer or Officers shall cause every such Label affixed and passed on every such Paper containing Starch to be stamped or sealed with such Stamp or Seal as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for that Purpose; and if any such Importer or Not coroplying Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees of Starch imported or brought into this withRegulatioas. Kingdom shall neglect or refine so to remove any such Starch, or to deposit the same as aforesaid, or to wrap any such Starch in Paper as aforesaid, or to tie up any such Paper as aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such Label as aforesaid, all and every such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.'Penalty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise or the major Part of them in England Stamp*, &c pea-and Scotland respectively shall provide proper Stamps or Seals for the damping or sealing the Labels affixed or vided by Cora-pasted on Paper containing all Starch which shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom and prepared in pursuance of this Act, and shall cause such Stamps or Seals to be distributed to the proper Officers of Excise

for the Purpose before mentioned, which Officers are hereby enjoined and required*, in using the fame, to do to Starch

no Hurt or Damage or the least Hurt or Damage that may be, to the Starch or to the Paper wherein the fame importation.

shall be so wrapped; which Stamps or Seals shall and may be varied, altered or renewed from time to time as

the said Commissioners of Excise^ respectively or the major Part of them respectively shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time forge or counterfeit any Forging Stamp Stamp or Seal to resembleany Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act for stamping or or Seals, sealing Starch imported, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame upon any Paper containing

any Starch, thereby to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs mr Successors, of any of the Duties upon Starch, then every Person so offending being thereof convicted in due Form of Law shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be t tan {ported for any Term riot exceeding Seven Years; and if any Person or Persons shall at any time fell any Tnmfportstioa.Starch with any such forged or counterfeited Stamp, Seal or Impression thereon, knowing the fame t<> be SeUingwith'forged and counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the forged, &c.

: Duties upon Starch, or shall knowingly, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Stamps, 5cc.

' of the Duties Upon Starch, fix or cause to be fixed the Label of any Paper stamped or sealed according to the Difeftions of this Act to any Starch other than that which was inclosed in (Itch Paper at the time when the '5 Label thereof was damped or sealed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise according to the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every stich Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Starch imported or brought into this Kingdom shall be found Smrch imported in any Place belonging to any Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person found noc wrap, or Persons to or for the Use or Benefit of any such Maker or Makers or Dealer or dealers in such Starch, not P*1 UP, n being wrapped in Paper as aforesaid, or wrapped in Paper which shall be found not damped or labelled as afore- in .m*, ner re' fakl, all such Starch shall be Forfeited, together with all and singular the Casks, Chests, Cases, Bags or other in Paper^ Packages containing the fame; and such ^Starch, Calks, Chefls, Cases, Bags and other Packages respectively shall not damped, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excite, and the Starch Maker or Dealer in forfeited.

- Starch to whom such Place shall belong, and also such other Person or Persons as aforesaid in whose Possession Penalty, such Starch shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, nevertheless, that Exception, nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to forfeit any such Starch which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, nor any such Cask, Chest, Case, Bag or other Package containing the fame, for or by reason of such Starch being found not wrapped in Paper stamped or labelled as last

- aforesaid, such Starch being made into Hair Powder, or being taken out of the Papers in the Possession of any Hair Powder Maker or Blue Maker, for the Purpose of immediately manufacturing the fame into Hair Powder or into Blue; Or any Quantity of Starch not exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight in the Possession of any Dealer in or Seller of Starch, and taken out of the Papers for immediate or current Sale; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas it may happen that the Paper wherein any Starch imported shall be contained, after the

filme has been stamped as aforesaid, may by Accident be broken or damaged; Be it therefore enacted, That Paper containing when the Paper wherein any such Starch shall be contained shall by any Accident be broken or damaged, and Starch damaged the Starch Maker or Dealer in Starch to Whom tke fame belongs shall be desirous of having the fame repapered by Accident re- f2 Geo. III. 6 L, and

g86

papered on

giving Noti: eto Excise Officer.

Obflrutting

Officers.

Penalty. Penalties, kc. sued for by Order of Commissioners of Customs, how recovered.

Penalties, &c. sued for by Commi (Hollers of Excise, how recovered.

Limitation of Act one.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Scotland.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, Itc. may continue Prohibition of making of Starch frotn Wheat, fee. after id Nov.

Commencement end Continuance of Act.

Ad altered, &c.

C. 127.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

andreftamped, such Maker or Dealer shall give to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise within whose Survey he or she shall be, Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing that such Maker or Dealer desires to have such Starch repapered and restamped, that thereupon and upon the Production of such broken Paper, with the Label and Stamp or Seal thereof to such Officer or Officers, and leaving the fame with him or them, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, being satisfied that such Starch had before been duly {lamped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the Paper or Papers containing the fame had been broken or damaged by Accident, as soon as is convenient after the Expiration of such Twenty four Hours, to restamp or refeal such Starch, the fame being re-papered and tied, and such Label as aforesaid being affixed thereon in manner hereinbefore directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any rerson or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities to him or them given by this Act, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence (for which no other Penalty is by this Act imposed) forfeit andlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permiflidn of the Commissioners of the Cufloms in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in such manner and by such ways and means and methods as any Fines or Penalties incurred or any Goods forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers of the Customa concerned in any such Seizure or Prosecution shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importations, and to such Share of the Produce arising from ar.y pecuniary Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successora, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover or sue for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Personpr Persons for any thing done in pursuance of thi9 Ad, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within the Space of One Calendar Month next after the Offence shall be committed; and if such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Att and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wasdone in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants flnll and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defeod-ants hath or have in other cases by Law; and if such Action or Suit be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom such Action or Suit shall be brought shall allow the Defender to plead this Act in his Defence; and if the Pursuer shall not insist on his Action, or if Judgment shall be given against such Pnrfuer, the Defender shall and may recover the full and real Expences he may have been put to by any such Action or Suit.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case His Majesty at any time after the First Day of No* vember ne-xtshall in His Royal Discretion judge it to be moll for the Benefit and Advantage of this Kingdom further to continue the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat, Barley, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Flour* Meal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man, from the said Firff Day of November until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation or Proclamations to be issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order in Council to be published from time to time in the London Gazette, to continue throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, from the said First Day of November until Forty Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament the Prohibition hereinbefore mentioned; that is to say, that throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, during the Continuance of such Prohibition, no Starch, Hair Powder or Blue shall be made from Rice, Potatoes, Flour, Mtal or any other Article or Thing used for the Food of Man; , any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effed as to all such Matters and Things therein contained relating to Starch, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and after the passing of this Act, and shall be and remain in force until and upon the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliameq|L

[Continued, 53 G. 3.c. 2.]

n CAP.

A.D>. 1812

987

52° GEORGII III. C. 12S.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Malt.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it has been found that the existing Regulations are insufficient to protect the Revenue arising from Malt, and that various Frauds are practised in respect thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall crctt, make and con ft ru& every Ciflern by him, her or them intended to be used for the wetting or deeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, in such Manner and Form that any Officer or Officers of Excise may easily, safely and securely have Access to the fame, and conveniently gauge, in any Part of Two Sides of such Cistern, the Corn or Grain which shall at any time be contained therein; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, for the wetting or deeping any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, have or use any Cidern of greater Length or Breadth than the Length or Breadth of Nine Feet, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall find and providea good and sufficient Ladder of a proper and convenient Length and Breadth, with a good and sufficient moveable Board or Plank of a proper and convenient Length, Breadth and Thickness, to be laid across such Cidern, in any Part thereof, so as to enable any Officer of Excise easily, safely and securely to move along and dand upon such Board or Plank, and to guage in any Part of such Cittern the Corn or Grain which shall at any time be contained therein; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall from time to time, and at all times, permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use such Ladder and Board or Plank respectively at his or their free Will and Pleasure, for the Purpose in that Behalf aforesaid; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall neglect or ref use to erect, make or construct any Cidern for the wetting or deeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, in such Manner and Form as is hereinbefore directed and required, or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall for the wetting or deeping of any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, have or use any Cidern of greater Length or Breadth than the Length and Breadth in that Behalf aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to find or provide fitch Ladder and Board or Plank as aforesaid, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame or either of them, in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at one and the Came time have or keep in any Malt House to him, her or them belonging, more than Five Floors or Quantities of Malt, or Corn or Grain making into Malt fin the Couch or on the Floor or Kiln, or all or any of them) wetted in or arising from, or pretended to have been wetted in or to have arisen from, or denoted by its Place of Deposit in such Malt House to have been wetted in or to have arisen from one and the fame Cidern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall at one and the same time have in any Malt House to him, her or them belonging (in the Couch, or on the Floor or Kiln, or all or any of them) more than Five Floors or Quantities of Malt, or Corn or Grain making into Malt, wetted in or arising from, or pretended to have been wetted in or to have arisen from, or denoted by its Place of Deposit in such Malt House to have been wetted in or to have arisen from one and the fame Cidern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or condrued to extend to subject any Maltster or Maker of Malt to the said last mentioned Penalty, for or by reason of his, her or their separating or dividing any one or more of his, her or their Floors or Quantities of Malt, either into Two or more Pieces, for the Purpose of working such Pieces separate and apart from each other, in the fame Malt House in which such Floors or Quantities of Malt respectively were deeped; nor for or by reason of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt separating or dividing the oldest of his, her or their Floors solely for the Purpose of the Removal thereof to the Kiln for the immediate drying thereof; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster and Maker of Malt shall put, lay and deposit on the Floor or Floors of his, her or their Malthouse, all and every of his, her or their Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt, in regular Succession one before another according to the Seniority of such Fleors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall put, lay or deposit on the Floor or Floors of his, her or their Malthouse, any or either of his, her or their Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain making into Malt, otherwise than in regular Succession one before the other, according to the Seniority of such Floors or Quantities of Corn or Grain, or shall put, lay or deposit any Floor or Quantity of Corn or Grain making into Malt, of a less Age or later time of taking from or out of the Cidern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, before; that is to say, more remote from such Cidern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil than any Floor or Quantity of Corn or Grain making into Malt of a greater Age or earlier time of taking from or out of the Cidern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any Cidern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil by him, her or them used for the wetting or steeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, within the Space of Ninety six Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the lad preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of the said Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil; nor shall any Maltster or Maker of Malt, within the Space of Ninety six Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the last preceding Emptying or taking of Corn


Maltster* so to

con ft r lid Cif-terns, that Offi« cers may hive Access to Two Sides, and if of certain Dimensions to provide Ladder and Plank to enable Officers to gauge.

[Penalty.]

Maltster* not to have moie than Five Fleors of Malt arising from fame Cistern, in Malt Houses at lamo time*

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Makfters to lay

Floors of Com in Succession, according to Seniority.

Penalty. Maliftersno'to empty Cisterns more than once in 96 Hours,

Penilty. Maltsters to empty at fame time all Cistern*.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Maltsters not to k6ep Corn more than s$ Hour* in Steep.

Penalty. Maltsters not to mil Corn of different Wettings, either on Floor r Kiln. Penalty.

Obstruction

Officers.

[Penalty.]

How recovered.

Former Acts jl Car. 2. c. 24. Icc. in Force.

Commencement ef Atf.

C. 12&

52'bEokdii iit;

A.D. 1812.

or Grain from or out of any Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any other Cistern, Uting Vat qr other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, in the fame House or Building, or under one and the fame Roof, with such Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil 5 and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall empty $r take any Corn or Grain fromotout of any Cittern* Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil by him, her or them used for the wetting or T steeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, within the Space of Ninety six Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the last preceding emptying or taking Corn or Grain from or out of the said Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, or (Hail within the Space of Ninety six Hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the last preceding emptying or taking of Corn or Grain from or out of any Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any other Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used as aforesaid, in the fame House or Building, or under one and the fame Roof with such Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil; then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each andeveiy such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, for the wetting or steeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, use or employ Two or more Cisterns, Uting Vats or other Vessels or Utensils, in one and the fame House or Building, or under one and the fame Roof, then and in every such case no such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall empty or take Corn or Grain from or out of such Cisterns, Uting Vats or other Vessels or Utensils, on different Days, or at different times from each other, but shall empty and take all such Corn or Grain from and out of all such Cisterns, Uting Vats and other Vessels or Utensils on the same Days and at the fame Hours of the same Days respectively: Aud if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of any such Cisterns, Uting Vats, or other Vessels or Utensils, at different times or on different Days, or at different Hours of the same Day, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt io offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lole the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any Maltster or Maker of Malt to the said last mentioned Penalty, for or by reason of his, her or their emptying or taking Corn or Grain from or out of any Two or more Citterns, Uting Vats or other Vessels or Utensils, at different times of the same Day, if the emptying or taking of the Corn or Grain from or out of the last of such Two or more Cisterns shall have been nnifned within Three Hours from the time of beginning the emptying and taking of Corn or Grain from and out of the Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil which shall have been first begun to be emptied 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt, having wetted or begun to wet spy Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, shall continue the fame or any Part thereof in Steep or covered with Water for any longer Space of time than Fifty five Hours, from the time of its being first begun to be wetted j and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, haying wetted or begun to wet any Cqyn or Grain to be made into Malt, shall continue the fame or any Part thereof in Steep or covered with Water, for any longer Space of time than Fifty five Hours from the timfe.ofits being first begun to be wetted; then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt, so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds*

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall mix, either in the Couch or on the Floor, or on the Kiln, any Corn or Grain of one Wetting or Steeping with or amongst any Corn or Graio of another or different Wetting or Steeping 5 and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall mix, either in the Couch or on the Floor, or on the Kiln, any Corn or Grain of one Wetting or Steeping with or amongst any Corn or Grain of another or different Wetting or Steeping, then and in every such case the Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, oppose, rooleft, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities to him or them by this Act given or granted, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every" such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majestyk Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors^ and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided, settled or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining or securing the Duties on Malt, or any of them; or for preventing, deteding or punishing Frauds relating thereto; shall be practised, used and put in Execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were more particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained in respect of which no especial Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

jCC. 1812. 52*' GEORGII: lit C.i2g. §g£

CAP. CXXIX.

AnA£l appending Two Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled Art48 G. 3. c. 14a.

Act for enabling the Commissioners for the KeduBion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities,

the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt were enabled under certain Limitations and Re-

strictions to grant Life Annuities charged upon and payable out of the Sinking Fund, in Consideration of the Transfer to them of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Sank Annuities; and which

4 Act was amended by another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 49 c*4*

' An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the CommtjJioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities : And whereas no Provision is made in the said first recited Act

or in the Tables thereto annexed, for the granting of any Life Annuities in case the average Price of the

Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall be under Sixty or above Eighty one: And whereas it is expedient that Provision Should be made for granting Life Annuities, in case ana whenever the average Price of the Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities mall be under Sixty or above

Eighty one; and that the said first recited Act Should be amended in other respects Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever Life Annuities the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank granted on Annuities respectively, shall be above Fifty and under Sixty, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the several Limitations, Restrictions and Regulations diredbed and ann8*e(i. provided in the said several recited Acts and this Act, to grant Life Annuities, either on a single Life, or on the Continuance of Two Lives, as the case may be, of such annual Amounts respectively, as are specified in the Tables in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) 5 and that whenever the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities respectively shall be Eighty one or at any higher average Price, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners under the like Limitations,

Restrictions and Regulations, to grant Life Annuities, either on a single Life or on the Continuance of Two Lives, as the case may be, of the like annual Amounts respectively, as under and by virtue of the said first recited Act might have been granted, in case the average Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities were Eighty and under Eighty one.

II. And whereas the Affidavits or Affirmations by the said first recited Act required, in order to enable 48 G. 3. c. 14 %

the granting of any Life Annuity, or the Receipt thereof under the fame, are in certain cases directed to §

be taken, if in England^ before One or more of the Judges of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or if in Scotland or Ireland\ before One or more of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively: And whereas the said Provisions have been found productive of Inconvenience Be

it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Affidavits or Affirmations in any of Before whotn the cases before referred to made or taken, if in England or Ireland, before the Justices or Magistrates anem- Affidavits or bled at the Quarter Sessions for any County, Riding, City, Town or Place, and certified by any Two or Affirmations more of such Justices or Magistrates, to have been lo made or taken, or if in Scotland, before any Sheriff, taiteD* or Steward Depute or Substitute, and certified by him to have been so made and taken, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes as if such Affidavits or Affirmations had been made or taken in England before a Judge of one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Scotland or Ireland before One of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or Ireland respectively; any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it isprovided by the said first recited Act, that upon the Death of any single Nominee 48 G. 3, c. 14a*

or the Survivor of any Two Joint Nominees, a Sum equal to One fourth Part of the Annuity depending

upon his or her Life (over and above all Arrears thereof respectively, shall be payable, to the Person or Persons entitled to the said Annuity, or to his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, as the case

may be, on the Half yearly Day of Payment next succeeding the Death of such Nominee, provided the same shall be claimed within the Period limited by the said Act, upon the Production of a Certificate of the Death of such Nominee, specifying the Day on which he or she shall have died, together with an

f Affidavit in Proof of the Identity of such Nominee; Be it further enacted, That a Certificate of the Gn claiming One Burial of any such Nominee, together with an Affidavit in Proof of the Identity of such Nominee, such^depending Affidavit dating also the Day on which such Nominee shall have died, to be respectively granted and taken on Life of single, by and before such and the like Persons as by the said first recited Act are authorized and empowered to &c. Nominee, grant Certificates and to administer Affidavits in Proof of a Nominee being living, shall, on Production thereof Certificate of to the proper Officer, be as valid and effectual to enable the Person or Persons entitled to an Annuity, Burl*1.0* or his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, as the case may be, to claim One fourth Part thereof, v^f'identity/* and also to enable the proper Officer to grant his Certificate, as provided in the Schedule to the said first produced, recited Act marked (G.) as if a Certificate of the Day of the Death of such Nominee had been produced.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in any cases where Two or more Annuities shall have been purchased In cases where upon the Life of the fame Nominee or Nominees, and a Certificate or Certificates in the Terms of the said Two or more recited Acts or of this Act, in Proof of such Nominee or Nominees being living, shall have been produced ^n?T, e5/jr' r to the proper Officer by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons entitled to any One of such Annuities, la^e Nominee, 0

in

Production of Certificate 98 to Identity suffi-cieut.

48 G. 3. c. 14a. Schedule B. rescaled.

Bank to make up to 5th Jan. yearly, Account of unclaimed Annuities for hrce Years.

Pci jury.

Forging Affidavits or Certificates.

Death.

Quorum.

Provisions of A "is, except where altered, to a] ply to Adb

C. 129. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 181J.

in respect of One of fuel) Annuities, it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer to grant a Certificate or Certificates in the Form specified in the Schedule to the said first recited Act annexed, for the Purpose of enabling the Person or Persons entitled to any other Annuities payable in respect of the Life of such Nominee or Nominees, to receive his, her or their Annuity, without requiring the Production of any further Certificates; but upon the Production of the Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, as to the Identity of such Nominee as are required by the said recited Acts or by this Act.

V. And whereas it is expedient that the Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed, should be sub- flituted and adopted in lieu of the Schedule marked (B.) to the said first recited Act annexed; Be it there-. fore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the said first recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and the Schedule marked ^C.) to this Act annexed shall be substituted for and in lieu of the said Schedule marked (B.) to the said hrft recited Act annexed, and shall be used and applied in the fame manuer and for all the Purposes to which the said Schedule marked (B.) annexed to the said lirfl recited Act was used or applicable.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required to cause an Account to be made up to the Fifth Day of January in every Year, of all Life Annuities granted in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, which shall have remained unclaimed for the Space of Three Years; and all such Annuities so remaining unclaimed, together with the unclaimed Arrears thereof, shall revert to the Sinking Fund, and shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the same manner as Life Annuities ceasing are by the said first recited Act directed to be applied: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to defeat or prejudice the Rights of the Person or Persons entitled to any such Annuity to claim the Arrears and future Payments thereof, upon Production of the proper Certificates and Affidavits, or Affirmations required by the said recited Acts or this Act; and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, out of any Sums whatever which shall have been paid to them or carried in their Books to the Account of the said Commissioners, to set apart and retain from time to time so much thereof as may be necessary for paying such Annuity and all Arrears thereof.

Vlf. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting or altering any Affidavit or Affirmation, or any Certificate required or authorized to be taken or granted under the Provisions of this Act; or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or mall utter any such forged Affidavit or Affirmation, or Certificate, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which bp the said recited Acts and this Act the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are required and empowered to do.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, except so far as the same are altered and varied by this Act, shall be applied and put in Praflice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the said Clauses, Rules, Powers and Provisions had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, fp far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said recited Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

SCHEDULES

A.D. 18 r 2

51° GEORGII III. C. 129. 991

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

TABLE No. 1.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Live Annuities granted on the Continuance of Single Lives, which wilf be payable for every j£ioo. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, and the Age of the Nominee at the time of the Transfer.

Price of £3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

AGE. 5° and ander 51 and under 5.2. 5* and under 53- 53 1 54 and under and under 54- 55- ss and under 56- S6 and under 57- 57 and under 5§- 58 a ind under 59- 59 and under 60. AGE.

/. x. x. £ X. x. X. jC x. £ X. £ /. £ 1.

ss 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 4 n 4 11 35

36 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10, 11 4 4 12 36

37 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 10 4 n 4 12 4 «3 4 »3 37

38 4 8 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 11 4 I. 4 !3 4 »4 4 '4 38

39 4 8 494 10 4 10 4 11 4 12 4 J3 4 14 4 14 4 IS 39

40 494 10 4 11 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 15 4 16 40

41 4 10 4 10 4 11 4 12 4 l3 4 H 4 15 4 15 4 16 4 i7 4i

42 4 10 4 11 4 12 4 3 4 r4 4 15 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 42

43 4 12 4 13 4 T4 4 15 4 16 4 >7 4 U 4 18 4 19 S 0 43

44 4 r3 4 14 45 4 16 47 4 18 4 18 4 19 s 0 5 1 44

45 4 H 4 H 4 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 S 2 45

46 4 16 4 16 4 U 4 18 49 5 0 5 1 5 2.S' 3 S 4 46

47 4 16 4 17 4 18 49 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 3 S 4 S' S 47

48 4 18 4 r9 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 5 S 6 S 7 4«

49 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 5 8 5949

50 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 5 8 59S «o S " 50.

51 5 3 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 595 10 5 11 5 12 s 13 F

52 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 5 8 595 10 5 12 5 »3 s 14 52

53 5 7 5 8 595 10 5 11 5 12 5 13 55 S 16.S >7 53

54 5 8 595 10 5 12 5 13 5 J4 55 5 16 5 18 5 19 54

55 5 10 5 11 5 12 5 13 5 !5 5 16 57 5 18 6 0 6 1 55

56 5 11 5 12 54 5 15 5 16 5 18 5 19 6 0 6 1 6 3 56

57 54 5 '5 5 16 5 18 5 19 6 0 6 2 6 3 6 4 6 6 57

58 5 16 5 17 5 19 6 0 6 2 6 3 6 4 6 6 6 7 6958

59 5 !9 6 0 6 1 6 3 6 4 6 6 6 7 696 10 6 12 59

60 6 0 6 2 6 3 6 5 6 6 6 8 696 11 6 12 6 14 60

61 6 3 6 4 6 6 6 7 696 10 6 12 6 13 6 15 6 16 61

62 6 5 6 6 6 8 696 11 63 6 14 6 16 6 18 6 19 62

63 6 8 6 ro 6 11 6 >3 6 lS 67 6 18 7 0 7 2 7 3 63

64 6 r3 6 H 6 r6 6 18 7 0 7 1 7 3 7 5 7 7 7 8 64

65 6 16 6 17 6 19 7 1 7 3 7 5 7 7 7 8 7 10 7 12 65

66 7 0 7 1 7 3 7 5 7 7 797 I. 7 r3 7 »S 7 17 66

67 7 5 7 7 797 11 73 7 h5 7 17 7 19 8 1 8 3 67

68 7 10 7 12 7 l4 7 16 7 18 8 1 8 3 8 5 8 7 8968

69 7 16 7 18 8 0 8 3 8 5 8 7 898 11 8 14 8 16 69

70 8 1 8 3 8 5 8 8 8 10 8 12 8 15 8 17 8 1992 70

7i 8 8 8 10 8 12 8 l5 8 17909295979ro 7i

72 85 8 18909395989I*913916918 72

739395989119H916919 10 2 10 5 10 7 73

749119*3916 9^9 10 2 10 5 10 8 10 11 10 14 10 17 74

75 10 0 10 3 10 6 10910 12 10 16 10 19 11 2 " S 11 8 75

SCHEDULE (B.)

TABLE No. z.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every j£ioo. of the Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Nominees shall be of equal Ages, or being of different Ages, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall not exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years at the time of the Transfer.

d > Price of the ^3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Annuities. 1.

J & j

0 1 ft; O 5° 51 s2 S3 S4 55 56 57 58 59 it!

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

51- 52- S3- 54- 55- S6- 57- 58. S9- 6b.

/ V.J. j£ /.*/. Iff X. J? X. £ t. £ x.*r.

35 3 10 3 11 3 " 3 12 3 i» 3 13 3 f3 3 H 3 14 3 'S 35

36 3 ti 3 12 3 313 3 13 3 i4 34 3 15 3 15 3 16 36

37 3 11 3 12 3 12 313 3 13 3 J4 3 H 3 IS 3 15 3 16 37

38 3 12 3 12 313 313 3 14 3 i4 3 i5 3 iS 3 16 3 16 3*

39 3 13 3 >3 34 314 3 15 3 15 3 i^ 3 16 3 i7 3 '7 39

40 3 14 3 >4 3 >5 315 3 16 3 16 3 i7 3 17 3 18 35 40

41 3 h 3 3 IS 315 3 16 3 3 i7 3 17 3 18 3 18 4'

42 3 14 3 15 3 15 316 3 16 3 17 3 18 3 18 3 19 3 '9 4i

43 35 3 15 3 >6 3 16 3 '7 3 18 3 18 3 '9 4 0 4 0 43

44 3 16 3 l6 3 i7 3 x7 3 18 3 J9 3 i9 + 0 4 1 4 1 44

45 37 3 17.3 18 3 18 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 2 45

46 3 18 3 l8 3 i9 3 x9 4 0 4 1 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3

47 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4

48 3 19 4 O 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 + I 4*

49 4 0 4 O 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 S 4 6 4^49

5° 4 0 4 I 4 2 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 <5 4 7 5°

51 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 S 4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 495>

52 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 5*

53 4 4 4 4 4 5 4^4 7 4 8 49494o 4 11 53

54 4 6 4 6 4 7 4*494 10 4 11 4 11 4 I2 4 13 54

55 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 I2 4 12 4 13 4 J4 4 >5 55

5<5 4 8 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 i* 4 13 4 H 45 4 16 56

57 4 10 4 10 4 11 4 i2 4 13 4 H 4 15 4 16 47 4 18 5?

58 4 11 4 12 4 13 44 4 15 4 1 <5 4 17 4 18 4 19 S 0 5*

59 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 S © 5 1 S 2 59

60 4 13 4 14 4*5 4 16 4 17 4 19 5 0 S I 5 2 S 3 60

61 45 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 1 5 0 5 1 S 3 5 4 S 5 61

62 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 3 5 4 S 6 5 7 S 8 62

63 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 S 8 5 10 S 'I 63

64 5 3 5 4 5 S 5 $ 5 8 595 10 S " 5 i3 s 14 64 /.

65 5 5 5 6 5 8 595 10 5 5 i3 s 14 5 i5 S 17 §

66 5 7 5 8 S 10 5 11 5 13 5 H 5 15 S 17 5 18 6 0 60

67 5 11 5 12 5 13 5 15 5 i<5 5 18 5 19 6 1 6 2 6 4 ^7 /O

68 54 5 >5 5 17 5 18 6 0 6 1 6 3 6 4 6 6 6 7 68

69 5 18 6 0 6 1 6 3 6 4 6 6 6 8 696 11 6 12 69

70 6 2 6 3 6 5 .6 6 6 8.6 10 6 11 <5 13 6 15 6 16 70

7i 6 6 6 7 696 11 6 13 6 14 6 16 6 18 7 0 7*71

72 6 11 6 12 6 14. 6 16 6 18 7 0 7 2 7 3 7 5 7 7 7*

73 6 15 6 17«19 7 1 7'3 7 5 7 7 7971 7 13 73

74 7 1 7 3 7 5 7 7 797 I2 7 H 7 16 7 18 8 0 74

75 7 7 797 11 7 13 7 16 7 18 8 0 8 2 8 5 8 7 75

j 1

A.D. 1812.

C. 129. 99$

52° GEORGII III.

Schedule (B.) — continued

TABLE No. 3.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every j£ioo. Stock transferred, according to the Average rrice thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Five Years, but not by more than Ten Years at the time of the Transfer.

5 t* Price of the £3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Annuities a bO B

M 'S 50 5* 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 2 4 :

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under M

51* 52. 53- 54. 55- 56- 57- 58. 59- 60.

X. £ x. x. £ x. £ x. £ t. 1 1*/ £ t. /. <e /.

35 3 " 3 12 3 »* 3 13 3 13 3 H 34 3 15 3 IS 3 16 3s

36 3 ii 3 12 3 12 33 3 13 3 >4 3 '5 3 15 3 16 3 16 36

n 31* 3 »3 3 13 3 H 3 H 35 3 >6 3 16 3 i7 3 17 37

38 3 13 34 3 14 35 35 3 16 3 JZ 3 i7 38 38 38

39 3 >4 35 3 15 3 16 3 16 37 3 18 3 18 3 19 3 19 39

40 3 IS 3 l6 3 16 3 i7 3 i7 3 18 3 >9 3 19 4 0 - 4 0 40

41 3 »S 3 l6 3 16 3 i7 3 18 38 3 >9 4 0 4 0 4 1 41

4* 3 <6 3 l6 3 17 3 17 3 18 3 19 3 »9 4 0 4 1 4*42

43 3 16 3 17 3 17 3 >8 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 2 43

44 37 3 18 3 18 3 19 4 © 4*4 1 4»4 3 4 3 44

45 3 «8 3 l8 3 19 4 0 4 1 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 4S

46 3 i9 3 19 4 0 4 1 4*4*4 3 4 4 4 S 4 5 46

47 4 1 4 I 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 S 4 6 4 7 4 Z 47

48 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 S 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 48

49 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 4949

50 4 4 4 5 4 6 4^4 7 4 8 494 10 4 10 4 11 S°

51 4 5 4 5 4 <5 4 7 4 8 494 10 410 4 11 4 12 Si

5* 4 <5 4 7 4 7 49494 10 4« 412 4 13 4 '4 S2

S3 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 " 4 12 4 >3 4 14 4 IS S3

54 49494 10 4 11 4 1* 4 13 4 >4 4 >5 4 16 4 i7 S4

55 4 10 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 J4 4 »S 4 16 4 J7 4 18 4 19 SS

56 4 1* 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 >7 4 18 4 19 S 0 S*S6

57 44 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 J9 5 0 5 1 S 2 S 3 S7

58 4 >4 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 is 5 0 S*S 2 S 3 S 4 S»

59 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5 2 S 3 5 5 S 6 S 7 S9

60 4 >8 4 19 5 0 5*5 3 S 4 5 S 5 6 S 8 5960

61 S*5 2 5 3 5 4 5 6 5 7 S 8 59S 11 5 12 61

62 S 3 5 4 5 6 5 7 S 8 50 5»S2 s 13 s li 62

63 5 <5 5 7 5 8 5 10 5 n 5* 5 H 5 IS 5 16 518 63

64 595 10 5 I. 5 >3 5 »S 5 16 5 17 5 19 6 0 6 2 64

5 5 >3 5 14 5 15 5 17 5 18 6 0 6 i 6 I 6 4 6 6S

66 5 16 5 17 5 19 6 0 6 2 6 3 6 S 6 6 6 8 6966

67 5 19 6 0 6 2 6 3 6 S 6 7 6 8 6 10 6 12 6 13 67

68 6 2 6 4 6 5 6 7 696 11 6 12 6 14 6 16 6 17 68

69 6 7 696 11 6 12 6 14 6 16 6 18 7 0 7*7 3 69

70 6 12 6 13 6 15 6 17 6 19 7 1 7 3 7 4 7 6 7 8 70

52 Geo. III.

f M

Schedule

A.D. 1812.

994 0.129*

2° GEORGII III.

Schedule (B.) — continued*

TABLE No. 4.

Shewing the AnnuAl Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two LiVes, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every jffioo. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by morethau Ten Years, but not by more than Fifteen Years, at the time of the Transfer.

h s S M art < Price of ^3. per Cent. 1 Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities > u V bp 3. s-J V 60

5° arid under 5»- 5* and under 52. 5* and under 53- 53 and under 54- 54 and under 55- and under 56. 56 and under 57- 57 and unde 58. 58 ind under 59- 59 and under 60.

iff X.*1. £ /. £ t. £ /. £ x. £ X. £ x. j£ X.

3 3 J3 33 34 3 14 35 3 16 3 16 3 17 3 17 35

36 33 3 H 34 3 »s 3 15 3 16 3 17 3 17 3 18 3 18 36

3I 3 H 3 '5 315 3 16 3 16 3 17 3 18 3 18 3 19 3 19 37

38 33 3 l6 316 37 3 17 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 e 38

39 3 3 17 3 17 3 is 3 18 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 1 39

40 37 3 17 3 iB 3 is 3 19 4 e 4 0 4 X, 2 4 2 10

41 3 18 3 j8 3 J9 39 4 0 4 1 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 41

42 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 42

43 J9 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 43

44 4 0 4 0 4 1 4*4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 44

45 4 1 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 4; 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 45

46 4 1 4 2 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 46

47 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 1 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 47

48 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 4 11 48

49 4 4*4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 4 11 4 12 49

50 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 H 5°

5r 4 8 , 0 494 10 4 11 4 12 4 13 4 !3 4 14 4 15 4 16 51

52 4 8 494 10 4 4 12 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 52

53 4 10: 4 11 4 12.43 4 14 4 !5 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 53

54 4 i* 43 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 54

55 4 H 4 15.4 16 47 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 3 55

56 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 1 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 5 56

57 !7 i 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5 2 5 3 5 5 5 6 5 7 57

58 4 19 1 5 0: 5 1 5 3 5 4 5 5; 5 6 5 7 595 10 58

59 5 2 5 3 5 4 5 6 5 7 5 8 595 10 5 12 5 13 59

60 5*5 6 5 7 5 8 5 10 5 11 5 12 5 13 5 15 5 16 $0

61 £^5 6 5 7 5 8 5 Jo 5 ii 5 12 5 5 15 5 16 5 18 61

02 595 10 5 12 5 J3 5 15 5 16 5 17 5 19 6 0 6 2 62

t3 5 13 5 H 5 if 5 J7 5 18 6 0 6 1 6 3 6 4 6 6 63

6+ 5 16 5 18 5 19 6 1 6 2 6 4 6 5 6 7 6 8 6 JO 64

65 5 18 6 0 6 1 6 3 6 4 6 6 6 8 696 11 6 12 65

Schedule

A.D. 1812. GEORGII III.. C ..L29.

Schedule (B.) — continued.

TABLE No. 5.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Lift Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lire*, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case ihe Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Fifteen Years, but not by more than Twenty Years, ar the»ime of the Transfer

l 0 Price of the ^3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. N V bO §

5° 5X ' 52 53 54 55.J6 57.58 j 59 ,

0 £ and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

k. J1* 52. S3- 54- 55- 56. 57- 58. 59- 60.*.

£ ' £ £ £ £ £ - £ ' £ £ '

35 i M 3 15 35 3 16 3 16 37 38 318 3 19 3 19 35

'36 3 15 3 16 3 16 3 17 3 17 3 18 3 18 319 4 0 4 0 36

37 3 16 3 16 3 17 3 17 3 18 39 3 19 4 0 4 r 4 I 37 i

38 3 17 - 37 3 18 3 »8 3 19 4 O 4 0 4 1 4949.3* 1

39 3 18 3 18 3 19 39 4. 0 4. I*494*4 3 4 3 39. '

49 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 O 4*4 4 4 a 4 3 4 4 4 4 / \ 40

4i 3 i9 4 0 4 0 4 1 4*4 3 4 3 4 4 4 1 4 5 41

4* 4 0 4 O 4 X 4 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4^4 6 49

43 4 I 4 1 4 a 4 J 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4*7 43

44 4»4»4 3 4 3 4 4 4 J 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 44

45 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 10 45

46 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 I© 41 46

47 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 lO 4 I. 4 11 4 19 4 13 47

48 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 II 4 1* 4 19 4 13 4 14 48

49 4 8 494 10 4 xi 4 14 4 13 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 49 ,

50 40 40 4 H 4 x % 4 13 4 14 4 1S 4 16 4 17 4 18 50

5i 4 4 1* 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 T9 5 ° SI

5a 44 43 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 39

53 4 13 44 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 J 1 5933

54 4 14 4 IJ 4 4 17 4 x8 J 0 5*5»J 3 5 4 54 -

55 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5 3 5 4 5 5 5 6 5 7 55;

56 4 19 5 0 5 ' J 2 5 3 5 4 5 5 5 7 5 8 5956 k

7 5^5*5 3 5 5 J 6 5 7 5 8 595 11 5 19 57

58 5 4 5 5 J 6 3 7 595 10 5 11 59 5 14 5 15 58

59 5 6 5 7 59S 10 J 11 5 13 54 5 15 5 16 5 18 59

60 595 10 5 ix 5 13 J M J 15 57 J 18 J 19 6 x 60 —

TABLE No. 6.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Lift Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lhref, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, .which will be payable for every £ 100. of Stock trinsferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty Years, but not by more than Twenty five Years at the tima of the Transfer.

S to p Price of the ^3. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. a* bO c

u la J 5° 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 a , 58 59, 0 vi SK'" vo -

0 and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under ft

51* 5*- 53- 54- 55* 56. 57- 58. 59- 60.'«

£'.

35 3 16 3 16 3 17 3 XZ 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 © 4 X 4 X 3?

36 3 3 17 3 18 3 18 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 1 4 4 4 4 36

37 3 18 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 © 4 1 4 x 494 1 4 3 H

38 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 1 49494 1 4 4 4 4 38

39 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 I 494 3 4 3 4. 4 4 5 4 5; 39

40 4 0 4 0 4 1 494 3 4 3.4 4 4 5 4 6 ! 4 r 6.40

41 4 X 4 1 4943. 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4' 7 4 7 41

49 4 I 494 3 4 3 4 4 4 5.4 6 4 7 4 7.4*8 44

43 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 J 4 6 4 7.48. 494*9 ' 4 10 43

44 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 49494 IO 4 XI 44

45 4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 494 10 a 41*. 4 19.4 X1.4 13 45

46 4 7*4 7 4 8 494 10 4 11.4 19.4 I*.4 13*4 14 46

47 4 8 4 9. 4 10 4 11 4 i» 4 13 , 13.4 14 - 4 15 4 16.47

48 49494 10 4 II 4 19.4 13 4 14, 15 4 16 % 4 17 48

49 4 11 4 11.4 19 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16,7 v 4 li 4 19 49

5° 4 II 4 19 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 X7 4 18 4 19 5 ° ' 50

5*4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 I.5 4 5

59 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 x J95 3 5 4 51

53 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 595 3 5 4 5 J J 6 53

54 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 I 595 1 5 4 5 6 5 7 5 8 54

55 5 1 J95 3 S 4 J 5 5 6 5 7 595 10 5 11 55

6 M a Schedule

C.I29*

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Schedule (B.) — continued.

TABLE No. 7.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Lire Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £ 100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in case the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Twenty five Years, but net by more than Thirty Years at the time of the Transfer.

4 J hi Price of the £$. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. s k

bO I >» S2 53 54 55 5^ 57 59

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

01 < 51* J2< 53- 54- 55* 56. 57- 58. 59- 60. i

£'.

35 3 18 3 18 3 19 3 19 4 O 4 I 4 1 4 4 4 3 4 3 U

36 3 19 3 19 4 0 4 0 4 1 4*4 4 4 3 4 4 4 4 3<

37 3 19 4 0 4 O 4 1 4 a 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 J 4 5

38 4 0. 4 .1 4 I 4 i 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 38

29 4 X 4 I 4 a 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 39

40 4 X 4 a 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4*4 7 4 7 4 8 40

4i 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 xo 4i

4* 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 10 4 II 41

43 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 10 4 II 4 I. 43

44 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 14 4 14 4 13 4 14 44

45 4 7 4 8 494 ! 4 i» 4 14 4 14 4 13 4 14 4 15 43

46 494 10 4 11 4 »* 4 f3 4 14 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 46

47 4 it 4 11 4 i» 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 47

48 4 11 4 I. 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 1$ 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 4l

49 4 I. 43 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 O 5 1 49

50 4 14 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 4 19 5 0 5 1 5*5 3

TABLE No. 8.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuance of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them, which will be payable for every £100. of Stock transferred, according to the Average Price thereof, in cnfe the Age of the elder Nomina shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty Years, but not by more than Thirty five Years at the time of the Transfer.

s Price of the £$. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities.

5° 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59

and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under

51* 52* 53- 54- 55- 56. 57- 58. vn VO 60. J

£ £' £ £*£ £ ' £ £ £ £ '

35 4 0 4 a 4 1 4 1 4 a 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5

36 4 O 4 1 4 1 4»4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6

37 4 1 4»4»4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 37

38 4 l 4 1 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 5 4*4 7 4 8 4 8 38

39 4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494939

40 4 5 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 11

41 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 it ii 41

41 4 6 4 6 4 7 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 II 4 il 4 13 41

43 4 8 4 8 494 10 4 11 4 i* 4 13 4 13 4 14 4 T5 43

44 4 8 494 xo 4 11 4 11 4 13 4 13 4 14 4 15 4 16 44

45 4 10 4 11 4 1* 4 13 4 M 4 15 4 15 4 16 4 17 4 18 43

Schfddr

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 129, 130. 997

Schedule ( B.) — - continued.

TABLE No. 9.

Shewing the Annual Amount of Life Annuities granted on the Continuant of Two Lives, and the Life of the longer Liver of them* which will be payable for every £100. of Stock transferred, according to the Aserage Price thereof, in cal'e the Age of the elder Nominee shall exceed the Age of the younger Nominee by more than Thirty five Years at the time of the Transfer.

1 3.Price of the £$. per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities. 4), bO a 3

O «,

'o 5° 51 5* S3 S\ ss, 56 57 58 59 0-2 A)

S> and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under and under 4?

J*- 52. S3- S 4- 55- 56. 57- 58. 59- 60.

£ £ s. £ ' £ £ s. £ e.

35 4 x 4»4»4 3 4 4 4 I 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 35

6 4*4 3 4 3 4 4 4 5 4*4 6 4 7 4 8 4 8 36

K 4 3 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 7 4 7 4 8 494937

38 4 4 4 4 4 5 4 c 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 xo 40 38

39 4 4 4 5 4 6 4 6 4 7 4»494 xo xo xi 39

40 4 5 4 & 4 7 4 7 4 8 494 xo 4 11 4 xi 1 4 d

SCHEDULE (C.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE to be granted by the said Officer, in order to enable the Transfer of Stock at the Bank of England for the purchase of Life Annuities.

N.

JN pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled [here insert the Title of the AdJ L do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That A.B. of hath signified to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, his

fur, her] Desire, on his [or, her] own Behalf [or, on the Behalf of C.D. of 3 to

transfer or causeto be transferred the Sum of £7.per Centum Consolidated [or. Re-

duced] Bank Annuities, to the said Commissioners, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of himself [or, herself, or, of C.D. as the case may he) [or, i/i case of Two Nominees, on the Lives of him or her the said A.B. and of E.F. of and the Life of the longer Liver of them,]

[or, of F.F. of and G.H. of and the Life of the longer Liver of

them, as the case may be.] And I do hereby further certify, That it hath been made appear to me, that the Age of the said Nominee, upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act, is Years [or, in case of Two Nominees of equal Ages, that the said Nominees are of equal Ages, and that the Age upon which the Amount of the said Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act is Years] [or, in case thtreshall

be Two Nominees of unequal Ages, that the respective Ages upon which the Annuity is to be estimated according to the Provisions of the said Act are as follows; videlicet) the Age of the said the younger Nominee, is Years; and the Age of the said

the elder Nominee, exceeds the said Age of the younger Nominee by more than

Years, but not by more than Years]: And I do hereby further certify, That the Amount of the

Life Annuity which will upon the Transfer of the said Sum of £$. per Centum Consolidated

[or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, become payable in respect thereof during the Life of the said Nominee [or, of the said Two Nominees and the Life of the longer Liver of them] is*per

Annum.

Witness my Hand this Day of

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons destroying the Properties of His Majesty's Subjects and enabling the Owners of such Properties to recover Damages for the Injury fukained.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, inti: x G, Stat % 4 W*tilled An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous AJfembleies % and for the more speedy and effectual puntfb- c 5. f ing the Rioters; And whereas an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Hit said Majesty King9G*. x. c.

George

99*

f O. j. c. 9.

4f (3. 3. (U.K.)

c. &4*

43 G. 3. c. 58.

'Wilfully destroy-Building, &c.

D«atk

Demolishing Jluildingfc, &c.

Wttth.

Value of or Damage done to 'Jrfanufadoriet, Jcc. recovered ai Mnder

1 G. 1. Stat. 1. c. 5.

Proceedings to Mf over Dam ages#

Recognisance*.

V'rovilo.

Scotland.

C. I JO. 5 20 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

1 George the First, intituled An Act for the more effectual punishing voided and evil d'tfposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice: And whereas an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reigir of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons ar fi all demohfb or pull down, burn or otherwise defray or spoil any Mill or Mills; and for preventing the dcfroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Mines; or Bridges, Waggon Ways or other Things used in conveying Coals, Lead, Tin or other Minerals from Mines; or Fences for inclosing Lands in purfsance of AS 4 of Parliament : 9 And whereas an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forciblepulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotoujly assembledl. And whereas an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the

Third, intituled An Act for the further Prevention of malicious Shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded

Fire Arms, stabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning and the malicious fifing of Means to procure the Mifcarrtage of Women; and also the malicious Jetting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act, made in England 4- in the Twenty firs Tear of the late King James the Firf, intituled An Act to prevent the defraying and murtbeg-

ing of Bafard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne- also intituled an Act to prevent the defraying and murtheritig of Bafard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient and necessary that more effectual Provisions should be made for the Protection of Property not within the Provisions of the said Acts May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, wilfully or maliciously burn or set fire to any Buildings, Erections or Engines, which shall be used or employed in the carrying on or conducting of any Trade or Manufactory, or any Branch or Department of any Trade or Manufactory of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of any Kind or Description whatsoever, or in which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall bewarehoused or deposited, shall, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled together in Disturbance of the public Peace, shall unlawfully and with Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any Erection and Building or Engine which shall be used or employed in the carrying on or conducting of any Trade or Manufactory, or any Branch or Department of any Trade or Manufactory of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of any Kind or Description whatsoever, or in which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be warehoused or deposited, that then every such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, shall he adjudged Felony, w.vhout Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons injured or damnified by such demolishing or pulling down, wholly or in Part, of any such Erection, Building or Engine as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and may and is and are hereby empowered to recover the Value of such Erection, Building or Engine, and of the Machinery belonging thereto, or used therein, which shall be destroyed in such demolishing as aforesaid, or the Amount of the Damage which may be done to any such Erection, Building or Engine or Machinery aforesaid, in such tumultuous and riotous demolishing in Part as aforesaid; and such Value or Damage shall and may be recovered, levied, raised and re-imbursed, in such Manner and Form, and by such ways and means a# are particularly provided, directed or referred to, in the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, in respect of the several Descriptions of Buildings therein mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be enabled to recover any

Damages by virtue of this Act, unless he or they, by themselves or by their Servants, within Two Days after such Damage or Injury done him or them by any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, shall give Notice of such Offence done and committed unto some of the Inhabitants of some Town, Village or Hamlet, near unto the Place where any such Fast shall be committed, and shall within Four Days after such Notice, give in his, her or their Examination upon Oath, or the Examination upon Oath of his, her or their Servant or Servants, that had the Care of his or their Erections, Buildings, Engines or Machinery so destroyed or damaged as aforesaid, before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Liberty or Division where such Fast shall be committed, inhabiting within the said Hundred where the said Fact shall happen to be committed, or near unto the fame, whether he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed such Fast, or any of them; and if upon such Examination it be confessed that he or they do know the Person or Persons that committed the said Fast, or any of them, that theiuhe or they so confessing shall be bound by Recognizance to prosecute such Offender or Offenders by indictment or otherwise, according to the Law of this Realm: Provided also, that no Person who shall fullain any Damage by reason of any Offence to be committed by any Offender contrary to this Act, shall be thereby enabled to iue or bring any Action against any Inhabitants of any Hundred where such Offence shall be committed, except the Party or Parties sustaining such Damage shall commence his or their Action or Suit within One Year next after such Offence shall be committed: Provided nevertheless, that the Notice hereby required may and shall be given in Scotland to the Sheriff or Steward Depute or Substitute of the County or Stewartry where such Fast shall happen to be committed, in order that such Measures may be taken as the Law of Scotland prescribes in such cases.

S' CAP.

A.D. 1812.

Si' GEORGII III.

C. 131, T 3'2<

99£

Cap. cxxxr.

An Act to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Six pence in the Pound, certain Augments-tions made to the Stipends of Parishes in Scotland.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act J0G.3, c. ^4.

for augmenting parochial Stipend* in certain Cases in Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that

certain of the Augmentations made under the said recited Act should be exempted from the Duties of One Shilling and Six pence respectively, payable under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and making perpetual federal Duties of One 49 G; 3, c. 32

Shilling and Six pence, repealed by an Act of thelajl SeJJto* of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profits

and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Tear, to the Twenty Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine P May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Augmentation made and payable or paid under or by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Act Augmentation* of the Fiftieth Year aforesaid to the Stipend of any Parish in Scotland, which do not extend in their yearly not extending ts Amount or Value to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling, shall be chargeable or charged with the Duties of One Shilling or Six pence, continued and made perpetual by the said recited Act of the Forty 1 p ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign aforesaid* or either of them, or any Part thereof 5 any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for explaining, amending and extending the several Laws relative to the Payment of for- feited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money, to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and for directing the Mode of making up the Accounts of Pensions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 45 G. 3. c.yv An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's § Ixi*

Navy during the present IVar, it is, among other things, enacted, that all unclaimed Shares of Soldiers serving

in any conjunft Expedition with His Majesty's Naval Forces as described in the said Act, should be paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital for the Use of the said Hospital, within Six Months after Distribution commenced, subject nevertheless to be refunded to any Individual entitled to the fame, and establishing his Claim thereto within Six Years from such Payment to the said Treasurer; and that it should be lawful for the said Treasurer to compel the Agents for the Army to exhibit and verify their Accounts, and pay over such Balances in like manner as the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital is by the said Act empowered to compel the producing and verifying of Accounts and Payment of unclaimed Shares from the Naval Prize Agents; and the High Court of Admiralty is authorized to exercise the fame Powers and Authorities for discovering and compelling the Payment of all Shares of Soldiers so remaining unpaid in the War then existing, or any former

War, in like manner as the said Court is enabled to do by the now reciting or any other Act respecting the

unclaimed Shares of Mariners serving in His Majesty's Ships of War: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the 49 G. 3. c. rifr Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, aiul for the better and more effectually providing for the Interefi of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commencedfince the passing of the said Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for extending and amending the Regulations now in force 5 iG. 3. c.

relative to the Payment to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Pr'rze*Money: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Provision of the said Act of the Forty fifth, or the several Provisions relative to Chelsea Hospital, in the said other recited Acts are applicable to A Captures or Grants upon Captures made in any War antecedent to that which existed at the time the said recited Act of the FoTty fifth Year of His present Majesty was passed; and it is expedient that the said recited Acts, some or one of them should in that respect be explained and otherwise extended and amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Fame, That, all and every the Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters Provisions of

" ' ' '*- w*" '*' ' -" - '" relating to

t Hoipuat,

- , - y , Q ..... v 7----- vl -

«md Things in the said recited Acts or either of them and in this Act contained, so far as they relate to the said,

- '*« Lhe'.l

Royal Hospital at Chelsea, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be applicable, as well to-alf Provisions.c

and subsequent Wars as to the War which was in Existence at the passing of the said Act of the Forty fifth H»uiquent

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that as fully and effiftually to all Intents and Purposes as if Wars as to War the said Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things were severally existing at paf-repeated and re-enacted in the Body of and made Part of this Act, and shall be applicable also to all Salvageinfi5 n

Monies which shall have been or Audi be payable to any Officers; Soldier! and Troops, on account of any 45 '

Recapture or otherwise.

Provisions of Acts as direct Payments to Ch-.lfea Hospital of unchinned Prizes in what case extended.

omm»fltonerf, &c« of Chelsea Hospital indemnified for Appropriation of Money, and empowered to ppropriate unclaimed Prize Monies iu future.

Treasurers to render Account of Receipts and Payments Quarterly.

49 O. 3- c. i*3-

In what cjfe Power of Attorney not valid.

Exception.

Stamp Duty.

51 G. 3. C. 104. kb

Wpta'eJ. Bxccj tiot).

0.132. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts or either of them as directs the Payment to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, of all unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Prize or Balances remaining unpaid to Officers, Soldiers and Troops in the Pay of His Majesty, or acting in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of His Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby extended to all cases of Prize and Capture, and Grants upon Prize or Capture, or Salvage Monies or Balances arising therefrom, not claimed by Officers, Soldiers and Troops belonging to His Majesty, but in the Pay of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies; and all the Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said recited Acts or either of them contained in relation to unclaimed and unpaid Shares of Army Prize Money, shall extend to authorize and require the Payment in like manner and under the like Restrictions and Regulations of all Shares and Balances unclaimed and unpaid to any Officers, Soldiers or Troops belonging to His Majesty, but in the Pay of the said United Company, or arising from any Capture or Grant upon Capture which shall have been or shall be made in any Service or Expedition under the Orders of the Governor General of India for the time being, or any of His Majesty's Officers, am fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Provisions, Regulations, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things were severally repeated and re-enacted in the Body of and made part of this Act.

III. And whereas the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, out of the Monies which

have been paid to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, some or one of them, have appropriated to the Current Service of the said last mentioned Hospital

Two Sums of Money; that is to say, a Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of the Year

One thousand eight hundred and ten, and a Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds for the Service of the ' Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, 1 Be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelfeai and all other Persons acting under their Authority, or the Authority of either of them, shall be and they are hereby indemnified for having made or ordered such Appropriation as aforesaid, and for all Acts, Matters and Things done in pursuance or in confquence thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners at all times hereafter, by Warrant under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said last mentioned Hospital, from time to time to appropriate such Sums of Money forming a Part of the forfeited and unclaimed Prize Money so paid in as aforesaid or hereafter to be paid in, as they or any Three or more of them may think expedient and proper, to the Current Services of the said last mentioned Royal Hospital.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, and they are hereby required, within Three Months from the passing of this Act, to render to the Commissioners of the said Hospital a just and true Account of all their Receipts and Payments under the Authority of or in relation to the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, up to and including the Twenty fourth Day of June last, and also in like manner to render Accounts of all future Receipts and Payments Four times in every Year; that is to say, to the Twenty fourth Day of June % the Twenty fourth Day of September, the Twenty fourth Day of December, and Twenty fourth Day of March % in each Year; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, audit and finally pass the said Accounts; any Powers, Authorities and Directions in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

' V. And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether any Orders or Powers of Attorney for the Receipt of

Prize Money due to Non Commissioned Officers of the Army and Soldiers, made previous to and not in the

Form prescribed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, are now valid Be it therefore enacted and declared, That all such Orders or Powers of Attorney, if made and executed prior to the passing of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, although made and executed pursuant to the Laws in force at the time when the fame were so made and executed, but not in the Form by the said last mentioned Act prescribed, are and shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void and of no Effect whatsoever, save and except as to Orders or Powers of Attorney made and executed pursuant to the Laws in force at the time of their Execution by Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, to Persons Handing in the Relationship of either a Wife or Child, or Father or Mother, or Grandfather or Grandmother, or Brother or Sister, or Uncle or Aunt, or Niece or Nephew.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Stamp Duty shall be parable to His Majesty upon any Orders for a Non Commissioned Officer's or Soldier's Prize Money, in cases where such Prize Money shall not amount to Forty Shillings or upwards.

VII. And whereas that Part of the said recited Act of the Fifty first of His present Majesty, which authorizes the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to issue Precepts to Persons who they may have reason to«believe have received Army Prize Money, under Powers of Attorney, requiring them to make Return there-

of, and to pay over such Money as may remain in their Hands to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Hospital, has been found inefficient for the Purposes intended; and it is expedient therefore that it

should be repealed and certain other Provisions substituted in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first of His present Majesty as relates to Precepts to be issued by the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea to-Army Agents, Regimental Paymasters and others, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except as to any Proceedings, which previous to the passing of this Act may have been instituted under the Authority thereof, in respect to which the said recited Act is to remain in full force until such Proceedings shall have been brought to a £onclufion.

2 VIII. And

IOOI

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 132.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea from time to time toiffue Precepts under their Hands or under the Hands of any Three or more of them, directed to such Persons as they may have reason to believe have received Monies payable to such Officers, Soldiers and Troops as aforesaid, and to which Monies the Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act are applicable, under any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Order or Orders heretofore or hereafter to be executed, requiring them within Two Calendar Months next after the time at which such Precept shall have been served, in case the Person or Persons to whom it shall be directed shall reside within the United Kingdom, but if he or they shall reside in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, then by the first Ship which shall fail from the Port or Place neared to that at which such Person or Persons shall reside next after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the time at which such Precept shall have been served as aforesaid, to deliver or transmit upon Oath, (which Oath any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the time being, is hereby authorized to administer) on account of all Monies which may have been received by such rerson or Persons under any such Powers or Orders, Power or Order as aforesaid; and in case the fame or any Part thereof shall have been paid over, then to whom the fame or any Part thereof has been so paid over as aforesaid, and shall at the same time pay or remit to the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, such Part of the said Monies as shall remain in his or their Hands unpaid, to the Parties beneficially entitled to it, or to their Use 5 and in case such Monies shall not be paid over or remitted to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer within the time limited by this Act, the same shall be recoverable from the Person detaining the fame by Action for Money had and received, or otherwise in the Name of such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the fame when so paid in or recovered, shall be for the Use of the Parties beneficially entitled thereto, and be otherwise applied as forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize are by the said recited Acts and this Act directed to be applied; and in tafe any Person or Persons upon whom any such Precept shall be feryed as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver, or transmit such Account within the time limited by this Act, he or they shally for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, to be brought in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital «t Ch/lfea for the time being, in either of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster / or in Case ^he Offender or Offenders shall reside Abroad, in any Court of Record of the Country of which he shall be an Inhabitant at the time the Offence shall be committed, unless sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, why such Precepts have not been complied with.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons upon whom any such Precept or Precepts «s aforesaid shall have been served, shall neglect or refuse to pay Obedience thereto, and shall in consequence thereof pay the Penalty incurred by such Disobedience, it shall nevertheless be lawful for the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital and they are hereby empowered to repeat such Precept or Precepts until the Accounts thereby required shall have been duly rendered and delivered, and such Person or Persons shall be and is and are hereby declared to be liable to a separate Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Precept to be served upon him or them, to which due Obedience shall not be paid, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, with respect to all Monies which shall have been received by such Person or Persons aslaft aforesaid, under any Power or Powers, Order or Orders executed subsequent to the passing of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, at ail seasonable times to have Access to the Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers of any Person or Persons to whom such Precepts shall be directed, relative to the Transactions to which such Precepts shall have reference; and such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to produce the same to the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer, whenever he or they shall be required so to do, in order that such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer may peruse, examine and take Extra* or Copies of so much thereof as he may think proper; and in case any such Person or Persons as last aforesaid iKall refuse or neglect to produce such Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers, or any or either of them, upon Ten Days Notice to be given to him or them for that Purpose, he or they shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt in the Name of the Deputy Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, in either of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, unless sufficient Cause shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, why such Books, Papers, Accounts and Vouchers shall not have been produced as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Service of any such Precept as aforesaid, all Monies received tinder such Powers or Orders as aforesaid, which shall at that time be in the Hands of the Person or Persons to whom such Precept shall be directed, shall be deemed and considered to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, to be applied by them nevertheless in the manner by this and the said recited Acts directed, and with respect to Monies which may have been received by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, under any Power or Order, Powers or Orders, which shall have been made and executed subsequent to the passing of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, in case the said Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer shall upon inspection of the Vouchers and other Documents relating to any Account which shall be renderedand delivered in Obedience to any such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid, (which Vouchers and other Documents by this Act they are authorized and empowered to call for and inspect) be dissatisfied with such Account, and have reason to believe that the Payments therein dated to have been made, or any or either of them have not been really and truly made, or that such Account is in any other respect fraudulent or defective, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, and they are

52 G10. III. 6 N hereby

Precepts issued in manner herein mentioned to Persons supposed to have received Money payable to Troops under Powers of Attorney, Sec,

[Penalty.]

Disobe\ i-ij Precepts.

[Penalty.]

Treasurer ts have Access to Books, &c. of Persons to whom Precept* ifluei.

Penhlty.

After Service of Precept, Balance in of Money paid over to Pei font to whom Precepts directed, shall become Property of Commissionccfi of Chelsea Hospital.

Provisions of Acts applicable, in case of Death, to legal Representatives.

Oath of Verification annexed to Accounts.

Perjury.

48 O.3.C. 49

in-

payments of Widows Pensions made in Office of Pays'! after General.

Letters, &c. feitt from Office of Paymaster General free.

Sending under Cover any thing not relating to Duties of Office. Penalty.

C. 131. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

hereby respectively authorized and empowered to file a Bill in Equity against such Person or Persons in order to such Account being regularly taken and examined, and other Proceedings being had relative thereto, according to the usual Course of Courts of Eauity, such Bills to be filed in the Name of the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea for the time being, and not to be considered defective on account of the Persons beneficially entitled to the Monies which shall be the Subject of them not being made Parties thereto.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions of this and the said recited Acts and every of them, with respect to Persons who shall have received Monies to which the said Provisions are applicable by virtue of any Power or Order, Powers or Orders, shall, in case of the Death of such Persons, be in every' respect applicable to their legal personal Representatives.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Oath or Affidavit by which the Accounts to be rendered in Obedience to such Precepts as aforesaid shall be verified, shall be annexed or subjoined to such Account, and shall be in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule to this Act set forth.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters either by this or the said recited Acts or either of them required to be verified on Oath, he or they shall be deemed to have committed wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties aa Persons adjudged guilty of that Offence are subject and liable to.

XV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 1 An Act for accelerating the making up, Examination and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of

His Majesty's Forces, certain Rules are prescribed for annually making up as well the General Account of 1 the said Paymaster General, as separate Accounts of Monies received and paid on account of Half Pay of Chelsea Hospital, and of Pensions on the Compassionate Lift: . And whereas it is expedient that the Payment of Pension9 to the Widows of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces which hath heretofore been

made by an Officer appointed for that Purpose, should henceforth be made in the Office of the said Pay-i master General* Be it therefore enacted, That in the General Annual Account which shall be made up by the said Paymaster General under the Provisions of the said recited Act, in the Year ending on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, he shall charge himself with the Balance which hath been or shall be transferred to his Account from the last Paymaster of such Pensions, and that in the fame Account, and in the General Annual Account which shall be made up by him in all future Years, it shall and may be lawful for the said Paymaster General in Addition to the Items which by the said recited Act he is allowed to place on the Credit Side of such General Account, to place on the fame Side thereof all Sums within the Period of such Account by him issued to or transferred to the Account of any Person for the Payment of Pensions to the Widows of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and also that at the time of making up such General Account from Year to Year he shall, besides the separate Accounts directed by the said Act, make up another separate Account of Monies received and paid within the Period comprized in the said General Account oq account of the fame Pensions, in like manner in all respects as he is required by the said recited Act to make up the separate Accounts therein specified, and that such separate Account mail be transmitted, examined and declared, and the said Paymaster General shall be discharged and acquitted thereon in the same manner in all respedis as is by the said recited Act provided with regard to the separate Accounts thereby directed to be made up.

XVI. And whereas by reason of the Number of Letters and Packets necessarily sent from the Office of the said Paymaster General, it is expedient to permit such Letters and Packets to be sent free from the

Duty of Postage in the manner hereafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That all Letters and Packets relative to the Duties of the said Office which shall be forwarded by the Accountant General of the Army Pay Office, or by the Cashier for the Payment of Half Pay and Widows' Pensions respectively shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage, provided that the fame be under Covers with the Words " Pursuant ta " Act of Parliament" and " Army Pay Office printed upon the fame; and the said Accountant or Cashier respectively (whose Names shall for that Purpose be transmitted to the Poll Office), do write his Name under the fame, and they are hereby strictly prohibited from inclosing or fending under any such Coyer any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Duties of the said Office.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if such Accountant or Cashier respectively shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Parcel, other than those relating to the Duties of the said Office, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred rounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by any Person by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Use of His Majesty.

SCHEDULE to which the AQ. refers.

FORM of AFFIDAVIT to be made by Persons who have been authorized by Powers or Orders to receive

Army Prize Money, &c.

1A.B. of maketh Oath and faith, That the annexed (or before written) Account

is a just and true Account of all Monies received by him, or by any other Person or Persons by his Order or Authority to his Knowledge or Belief, under or by virtue of any Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Orders or Order, by which he, this Deponent, hath been authorized to receive any Prize

12 Monies

A.D. 181 2. 52° GEORGII III. C. 132, 133.

Monies or other Monies payable to the Army, to which the several Acts of the 45th Geo. 3. c. 72. — 49th Geo. 3. c. 123. — 51st Geo. 3. c. 104. and 52d Geo. 3. c..are applicable 5 and that the said Account contains also a juii and true Statement of all Payments made by him or by his Order and Direction, out of such Monies to the Persons entitled to receive the same, and that the several Payments in the said Account set forth were really and truly made to the several Persons in the said Account named as the Persons to whom such Payments have been made.

FORM of AFFIDAVIT to be made by the Representatives of Persons who have been authorized by

Powers or Orders to receive Army Prize Money.

1st. B. of maketh Oath and faith, That he is the acting Executor [or, Admi-

nistrator, as the case may be] of late of deceased, who had m his

Lifetime been authorized to receive certain Prize Monies and other Monies payable to the Army, to which the several Acts of the 45th Geo. 3. c. 72. — 49th Geo. 3. c. 123. — 51st Geo. 3. c. 104. and the $2d Geo. 3. c..are applicable, under certain Powers of Attorney or Power of Attorney, Orders or Order granted to him for that Purpose, and who had received Monies by Authority thereof, and that the annexed (or before written) Account is a just and true Account, as appears by the Books and Accounts of the said

and to the bell of the Knowledge and Belief of this Deponent, of all Monies received by the said as aforesaid, and that the said Account contains also a just and true Statement of all Payments made by the said in his Lifetime, or by his Order and Direction, out of such

Monies to the Persons entitled to receive the same, as appears also by the Books and Accounts of the said and to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of this Deponent: And this Deponent further faith, that since the Decease of the said he, this Deponent, hath made various

Payments out of such Monies, of which Payments the said Account hereunto annexed (or before written) contains also a just and true Statement, and that such last mentioned Payments have been really and truly made by this Deponent, or by some Person or Persons by his Authority and Direction, to the several Persons whose Names are stated in the said last mentioned Account as the Persons to whom such Payments have been made.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[18th JWy 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an Account of the Total Number of Persons now within that Part

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, such Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed in the manner herein after mentioned to act in and for every Barony and Half Barony in Counties, and every Parish in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, shall, at the time and in the manner herein after directed, severally take an Account of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found at the time of taking such Accounts to be within the Limits of such Baronies and Half Baronies in Counties, and Parishes in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively, and ftiatll set down the several Particulars respecting the fame, according to the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

II. And, for the more speedy and effectual obtaining of such Accounts, be it further enacted, That a sufficient Number of printed Copies of this Act, and of the Schedule thereto annexed, shall, within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, be transmitted, by His Majesty's Printer in Ireland, to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the several and respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that the said several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said Act to be distributed to the Secretaries of Grand Juries within their respective Limits.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Grand Juries of the Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, are hereby empowered and required (in the County of Dublin and County of the City of Dublin, at the next presenting Term, and in the other Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, at their respective Spring Assizes which shall be held next after the passing of this Act in each of the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns.) to appoint in and for each Parish One substantial Householder redding therein, to take an Account within the said Parish of the several Matters required by this Act, and in all other Counties in Ireland, to enjoin the High Constable of each Barony and Half Barony to take an Account within the said Baronies and Half Baronies respectively, of the several Matters and Things required by this Act 5 and that such Persons so appointed in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, taking to their Assistance and Employ, if they shall think fit, the Churchwardens, Constables and other Peace Officers in each Parish respectively, and in the other Counties of Ireland, taking to their Assistance and employing, if they shall think fit, the Sub Constables and all Persons employed in applotting and colkfting the Grand Jury AuefTments (such several Persons being hereby required to be aiding and afufting therein for that Purpose) shall proceed on the First Day of may One thousand eight hundred and thirteen* to take Account of the Nunlber of Persons at that time within the Limits of their respective Baronies, Half Baronies or Parishes, and inform themselves of the several Particulars relating to all the Matters specified in the Schedule hereunto

6 N 2 annexed,

1003

Account take* of Number of Persons in Ireland.

Printed Copies of At\ trarf-mitted to Clerks of the Peace, &c. (or Distribution.

Grand Juries to appoint proper Persons to take Account

1004

[Penalty.]

Persons taking Accounts to transmit fame to Clerks of the Peace, &c. who are to transmit fame to Office of Chief Secretary to be bid before Parliament.

Retnrns defec-tive^fame trans-jnitted to Grand Juries, to be made perfect.

Allowances to Persons employed in Execution i: f Act.

Crand Juries empowered to present such Sums, raised as ether County Charges.

Making f-He Returns.

[Penalty.]

Signing, fcr.

Perjury.

Judges to give Art in Charge to Grand Juries.

C. 133. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

annexed, by proceeding from House to House on the before mentioned Day, 'and continuing such their Examination from Day to Day, without Interruption or negligent or wilful Delay, until the same shall be fully completed; and from such Information as aforesaid shall prepare with all convenient Speed an Answer or Return to all the said Questions, according to the Form prescribed in the said Schedule, and the several Persons so authorized and appointed shall thereafter sign the fame with their Names and ordinary Designations, and attefl the Corredlness thereof by such Signature before some Justice of the Peace of the County or City within which they reside; and, the better to enable them to make such Answers or Returns as aforesaid, they and their said Assistants and Persons by them employed are hereby authorized and empowered to a(k all such Questions of the Persons within their respective Parishes, Baronies and Half Baronies, respecting themselves and the Number and Quality of the Persons constituting their respective Families, as shall be necessary for Hating the Particulars required to be Hated concerning them in the said Answers and Returns; and every such rerson refusing to answer, or wilfully giving a faife Answer to such Questions, or any of them, shall, for every such Refusal or faife Answer, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace before whom the Complaint thereof shall be made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Accounts so taken in Writing by the Persons so appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpose of preparing the aforesaid Answers and Returns, and also the said Answers and Returns prepared thereupon, shall be safely delivered or transmitted by them to the several Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks of the Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, wherein they were respectively appointed; which said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks are hereby authorized and required fafeiy to keep and preserve the said Accounts in their respective Offices, and to deliver them over to their Successors in Office respectively; and that the said Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks shall, on or before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, transmit with all convenient Speed such Answers and Returns as they shall have received in manner aforesaid (together with a LiH of the Parishes within the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and of the Baronies and Half Baronies within the other Counties respectively, from whence no Returns have been made to them) to the Office of His Majesty's Chief Secretary for Ireland; and the same shall be digefied and reduced into Order by such Officer as such Secretary shaft appoint for the Purpose, and that an AbHradl thereof shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within the first Forty Days of the Session then next ensuing.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where no Return shall have been made, or where there shall appear, on Examination at the Chief Secretary's Office, good Reason to believe that the Returns made have been defective or inaccurate, the said Chief Secretary i9 hereby empowered and directed to cause a List of such Parishes, Baronies and Half Baronies, from which no Returns or defective or inaccurate Returns have been received, to be transmitted to the Grand Jury of such County wherein the said Parishes, Baronies or Half Baronies are respectively situated, with Directions that they shall forthwith proceed to cause due Returns to be made therein, under such Provisions and with like Powers as have been given to the Grand Juries by the aforesaid Enactments.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed for the Trouble and Expence of the several Persons employed in the Transa&fons aforesaid, for every Return which shall be so maae and transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace and Town Clerks respectively, pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, the Sums following; videlicet, To the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for every Return which shall be made from every such Parish, Barony or Half Barony, the Sum of One Shilling, and to the several Householders and Constables so appointed a reasonable Compensation for the Trouble by them necessarily taken, and also for the Expences (if any) by them necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they may deem reasonable Payment pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, for the Services hereinbefore recited, to be raised and levied together and in like manner with the other County Charges, and paid over to the Persons thereunto entitled, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of such Grand Jury, by the Oaths of the Persons respectively employed, that they have faithfully performed the Duties enjoined them by this Act; such Preferment being always submitted to the Inspection and Fiat of the Judge of Assize, in like manner with other Presentments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, High Constableor other such Officer as aforesaid, and also every such Householder or other Person so appointed as aforesaid, makingwilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, shall, for every such wilful Default, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom Complaint thereof shall be made; and in case of any of the Householders or Persons appointed to make such Returns shall by his Signature attell any Return as aforesaid, knowing the same to be faife, such Person so atteHing the fame, and being convicted thereof, shall incur and be subject to like Penalties as if he had been guilty of Perjury, by atteHing such faife Return on Oath before a Mag iH rate.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Court of King's Bench, and all and every Judge and Judges of Assize and General Gaol Delivery in Ireland respectively, are hereby directed and required, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to give this Act m Charge to the Grand Juries of the several Counties and Cities in Ireland, and to require them to comply therewith as the Law directs 5 and for that Purpose to desire the said Grand Juries to select and appoint on the FirH Day of the Assizes, immediately after they shall have been sworn, a Committee of their Body, coofifting of not more than Five, nor less jhan Three, to carry the Provisions of this Act into Effiedl.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 133.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Grand Juries within Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns shall present the Lift of Householders so selected by them as herein required, to the Judge of Assize, together with their other Presentments, for his Fiat of Approbation; which Lift, so approved? shall be deemed thenceforth competent to the Purposes of this Act.

SCHEDULE,

QUESTIONS to which, by Directions of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled f An Act for taking an Account of the Population of r Ireland, ' written Answer3 are to be returned by the Householders and High Constables appointed in and for the several Parishes, Baronies and Half Baronies therein mentioned, signed by them respectively, and attested as aforesaid:

Who are respectively required to take an Account of the Resident Population, by proceeding from House to House on the First Day of September, and on the Days immediately subsequent thereto, if one Day shall not be sufficient; and they are also required to specify in Writing the Name of the Parish, Barony or Half Barony respectively.

1 ft. How many Inhabited Houses are there in your Parish, Barony or Half Barony, and by how many Families are they occupied

2d. How many Houses are now building, and therefore not yet inhabited I

3d. How many other Houses are uninhabited

4th. What Number of Families in your Parish, Barony or Half Barony, are chiefly employed in and maintained by Agriculture 5 how many Families are chiefly employed in and maintained by Trade, Manufactures or Handicraft; and how many Families are not comprized in either of the Two preceding Classes.

[N.B. The Total Number of Families in Answer to this Question, mud correspond with the Number of Families in Answer to the ift Question.}

5th. How many Persons (including Children of whatever Age) are there actually found within the Limits of your Parish, Barony or Half Barony, at the time of taking this Account; distin-guMhing Males and Females, and exclusive of Men actually serving in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Militia, and exclusive of Seamen either in His Majesty's Service, or belonging to Registered Vessels

6th. How many of the whole Number of Persons mentioned by you in % Answer to the 5th Question, are Inhabitants of any City, Towh or Village; distinguishing the Number which are found ia-each City, Town or Village respectively

7th. Are there any other Matters which you may think it necessary to remark, in Explanation of your* Answers to any of the .preceding Questions

FORM

1005

Grand Juries to present i , ifts of Householders to Judge of Afiiae.

FORM of ANSWERS to the Questions contained in the Schedule to an Act, 52 Geo. 3. intituled, <An Act for taking an Account of the

Population of Ireland/

§ K. c J t 2 °s s <2 t» 6 £ Question ift. Question 2d..Question 3d, .Question 4th. Question 5th. Persons, including Children of whatever Age. Question 6th.

Inhabited Houses. By how many Families occupied. Houses now building. Other Houses uninhabired. Families chiefly employed in Agriculture, i Families chiefly employed in Trade, Manufactures and Handicraft. Ali other Families not comprized in the two preceding ClalTes. Males. Females. Total of Persons. Names of Towns, Cities and Villages. Total Inhabitants in each.

[W. B. — If any Family occupies Two or more Houses in different Parishes, Baronies or Half Baronies, the Individuals belonging to such Family are to be numbered only in those Parishes, Baronies or Half Baronies, where they federally happen to be at the time of taking the Account,]

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

n

7th Question.

ARE there any other Matters which you may think it neceflaryto remark, in Explanation of your Answers to any of the preceding Questions?

FORM of ATTESTATION of the Truth of Returns.

I A.B. having been appointed by the Grand Jury of the County of to take an Account of the Population in the Parish, Barony or Half

Barony of [as the case may be] purfuatit to an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty second Year of George the Third, and intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland/ do attest, That the above Returns contain, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, a full and true Ar.fwer to the Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act.

The above mentioned A.B. attested the above Return before us, the Justices of the! n r

Peace in and for the this Day of J C. V. a a A.r.

1006 C.i33. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 134. 1007

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Irish Acts.

late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for reforming Abuses in making Butter Ca/ks9 10 3*c*

and preventing offalfe packing of Butter: And whereas one other Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland

in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anncy intituled An Act for the continuing and per- 6 Ann. c. xi.

petuating of divers Laws and Statutes theretofore temporary, and for amending of the Law in relation to Butter

4 Cq/ks: And whereas one other Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign aG. 1. c. 16.

4 of His late Majesty King George the First, among other things, for the more effectual Amendment of the

Law in relation to Butter and Tallow Casks: And whereas one other Act was passed in the Parliament of

Ireland in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the First, for repealing Part of a 4 G. 1. c. 10.

Clause in the said last recited Act made in the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign, by which the Dimensions

of Butter Casks are ascertained, and for explaining and further amending the Law in relation to Butter Casks:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King 10 G. x. c.y.

George the First, among other things, for continuing and amending of the Laws in relation to Butter ana Tallow, and the Casks in which such Goods are to be made up; which said Act was explained and amended by

another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twelfth Year of the said late King George the First, 14 G* 1

and also by another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland k the Thirteenth Year of His late Majesty King x3* c*I2,

George the Second, and which said Acts were amended and further continued by several Acts to the End of the Session of Parliament in the Twenty first Year of His said late Majesty King George the Second 5 and by

an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the said Twenty first Year of His laid late Majesty King George 7, 1 G. a. c. 7.

the Second, the said Acts were amended, and were further continued to the Twenty ninth Day of September

4 in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and by another Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of the Reign of 5 G 3- c*5*

His present Majesty, among other things, for continuing, reviving and amending several temporary Statutes,

the said recited Acts or some or one of them were further continued, so far as related to Butter and Tallow,

and the Casks in which such Goods are to be made up, with several Alterations and Amendments: And whereas one other Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the*10 3*

Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things for regulating the curing and pre- c'

paring Provisions, and for preventing Combinations among the several Tradesmen and other Persons employed

in making up such Provisions, and for regulating the Butter Trade in the City of Dublin: And whereas by

4 an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, 31 G*3- c*

the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of King George the First, for continuing and amending of the Laws in relation to Butter and Tallow, and the Casks in which such Goods are to be made up, so far as it relates

4 to the continuing and amending the said Laws in relation to Butter and the Casks in which the fame is to be '

made up, with several Alterations and Amendments, was further continued to the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: $.nd whereas one other Act was made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Packing of Butter 46 G. 3. c.jfin Ireland for Sale or Exportation: And whereas from the great Increase of the Butter Trade in Ireland and the said Laws relating thereto being so near expiring, it is become necessary and expedient to make several new* Provisions and Regulations as to the said Butter Trade in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the After Com-King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, mcncemer.t of and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and im- Act, recited^A&« mediately after the Commencement of this Act, all and every the Provisions, Regulations and Clauses contained jjutter and* in the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore recited, and every of them, which in any way concern or relate to Butter Calks. Butter, or to the Casks in which Butter is to be packed and made up, shall cease and determine.

II. And be it further enacted, That at some time on or before the First Day of March One thousand eight Wcighmaiters, hundred and thirteen, in the City of Dublin, and in every City and Town Corporate in Ireland, (except the &c. appointed in City of Cork) the Chief Magistrate and Aldermen, or Chief Magistrate and Burgesses where there are no ^Cor Aldermen, under the Seals of their respective Corporations, and in every Seapoit or Place of Export from whence Butter is commonly shipped for Exportation from Ireland, such Place being no City or Town Cor- elsewhere'by porate, and in every Market Town wherein Butter is bought or sold or exposed to Sale for the Purpose of Quarter Sessiona. Trade, the Justices of the Peace for the County or Counties in which such Seaport or Place of Export and Market Town respectively lie, at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County or Counties respectively, or fume Adjournment thereof, before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, under their Hands and Seals, where ther shall not be a public Weighmaster or joint public Weigh-masters appointed under any former Act or Acts, or where any Vacancy shall happen before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, shall nominate and appoint some one or more discreet and skilful Person or Persons to be a public Weighmaster, or joint public Weighmasters, and Taster or Tafters of Butter, in and for such respective City, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town; and in case such Neglecting to Nomination or Appointment as herein directed shall fail to be made in any such City, Town Corporate, Seaport appoint Lord or Place of Export in Ireland^ before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Lieutenin^ic. then herein directed, such Nomination and Appointment shall be vested in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of the Privy Council of Ireland for the time being. Jr1

ioo8

Weighnmfter to provide Weigh-J)Oufes, &c.

Hours of Attendance.

Weighmaster*,

Ike. removable fvrMHbehaviou*.

Appeal

Final*

Cod*.

In Default of Payment, committed to Prison.

Weighmasters to five Security;

*u4 to take Oath.

C. 134. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every public Weighmaster, or joint public Weighmasters, his and their Successor or Successors in such Office, heretofore nominated and appointed, or hereafter to be nominated and appointed pursuant to this Act, shall provide or cause to be provided a sufficient and convenient Weigh House or Weigh Houses in each City or the Suburbs thereof, Town Corporate, Seaport or Place of Export, and Market Town, where no such Weigh House or Weigh Houses have been heretofore provided, together with Weights, Beams, Scales, Branding Irons and other Necessaries, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges, and shall attend at his and their respective Weigh House or Weigh Houses by himself, themselves, or by a sufficient Deputy or Deputies appointed or to be appointed under the Hand and Seal of such public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters and Tafters (such Deputy or Deputies to be removable at Pleasure of the Person or Persons so appointing such Deputy or Deputies, or in manner he: e*fter mentioned) every Day in the Week (Sundays, Christmas Day, Saint Stephen's Day and New Tear's Day excepted), from Eight of the Clock in the Morning until One, and from Two in the Afternoon until Four, from the Twenty ninth Day of September until the Twenty fifth Day of March, and from thence until the Twenty ninth Day of September, from Six of the Clock in the Morning until One, and from Two in the Afteruoon until Seven, and then and there weigh, brand and mark all such Butter and Calks as by this Act they are required, such Butter being first tailed and approved of by such Taster or Tafters, which they are hereby required to do.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of each City, Chief Mrgiflrate and Burgesses of each Town Corporate, Justices of the Peace of each County in which each Seaport or Place of Export and each Market Town respectively lie, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, together with the acting Assistant Barrister of such County, shall and may from time to time, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon the Affirmation or Affirmations, if such Witness or Witnesses be of the Profession of a Quaker (and which Oath or Affirmation the Persons aforesaid before whom any Complaint shall be so made is hereby empowered to administer) and upon full Proof of the Misbehaviour of such public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, in his or their Office, upon full hearing of him or them, or upon his or their being duly summoned and neglecting to appear, (such Summons being in Writing, and under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Two or more Justices of the reace, and ferYed upon the Party complained against, Forty eight Hours at the least previous to the Day on which such Party it required to appear, ) remove such public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, or any of them, as the case may be.

V. And be it further enacted, That if such public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Successor or Successors, Taster or Tafters, or any of them who shall be so removed, or if the rerson or Persons complaining of him or them, shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Determination of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council, Chief Magistrate and Burgesses, or Justices of the Peace and acting Assistant Barrister, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties who shall think himself or themselves so aggrieved, to apply by Petition to the next going Justice or Justices of Assizes for the County of the City, County of such Town Corporate, or County at large, in which the Place for which such public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Taster* so nominated and appointed and To complained of, lies; which Justice or Justices of Assize is and are hereby empowered to hear and finally to determine the Matter of such Petition, and to restore said public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, or any of them, if the Complaint be thought just, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and at his or their Discretion to award reasonable Costs to the Party, who, upon hearing such Petition, shall appear to be aggrieved; which Costs shall be paid by the Party against whom the same shall be awarded, within a time to be appointed by such Justice or Justices of Assize 5 such Costs, if any shall be awarded, together with the time limited for the Payment thereof, to be mentioned and ascertained in the Body of such Warrant; and in Default of Payment of the Party against whom such Costs are awarded, shall be committed under said Warrant to the Gaol or Marshalsea of the County of the City, Town Corporate or County at large from which such Warrant of such Justice or Justices of Assize issued, until the same are paid; such Warrant to be lodged with the Keeper of such Prison or Marshalsea, at the time of the Committal of said Party to such Prison or Marshalsea.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each and every public Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Successor or Successors, Taster or Tafters, To to be nominated and appointed by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act, before he or they or any of them shall enter on the Execution of said Office, shall perfect a Bond with sufficient Security to the Mayor of each City, Chief Magistrate of each Town Corporate, and Justices of the Prace of each County at their County Sefuons, wherein such public Weighmaster or public Weigh-masters, Taster or Tafters shall be so appointed and nominated, in such Penalty as said Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Justice, as the case may be, mall think reasonable, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Sterling, or less than Fifty Pounds Sterling, for his or their true and faithful Performance and Execution of his or their Office; and that the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, and their Deputy or Deputies to be by them employed, together with the Taster or Tafters, shall take and subscribe before the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices of the Peace, as the case may be, the Oath (or, if a Quaker, the Affirmation) following:

I A.B. do swear, [or, affirm] That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Office of public Weigh-

master [or, Taster of Butter, as thetafe may be-] of the City of [or, of the Town Corporate of or, of in the County of being a Place of Export; or, Market Town of in the County of as the case may &],

during the time I shall continue in said Office: I will take Care truly, without Fraud or Delay, to weigh or

I - 4 cause

iop9

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 134.

cause to be weighed all Butter, and to weigh and brand, or cause to be weighed and branded, all Casks, in such Order as the said Goods shall be brought to me to be weighed and branded 5 and will taste and truly try all Butter required to be tailed in pursuance of my Office as Taller of Butter, and in all other respects, to the bell of my Skill and Judgment, I will truly execute my said Charge/

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate and Justices, as the case may be, are hereby empowered and required to administer; and which Oath or Affirmation all and every former Weighmaster and Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, who shall be in Office at the Commencement of this Act, are hereby required to take and subscribe.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds heretofore executed or hereafter to be executed by any Bonds ind Aflt-public Weighmaster or public Weighmasters, for the due Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, davits of Weigh-and the Oath or Affirmation which he or they or his or their Deputy or Deputies have already taken or shall maften> Retake on entering on the Office of public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, Deputy or Deputies, pursuant to any former Acts before recited, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be sufficient to oblige them to observe all the Provisions of the present Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Weighmaster, Deputy Weighmaster and Taller, before Recognizance he take upon himself to adlin the Duties of his Office, shalT file or lodge or cause to be filed or lodged such and oath A* Bond and Oath or Affirmation so entered into, and made and subscribed as aforesaid respectively in the Office

of the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Weighmaster, Deputy and Taller shall act as such; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall give to the Party so lodging such Bond and Oath or Affirmation, a Certificate thereof, in which shall be set north the Names and Certificate. Additions of the Sureties in such Bond; and Oath or Affirmation, so subscribed as aforesaid, shall by such Clerk of the Peace be kept and preserved amongst the public Records of his Office.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so becoming a Surety shall die or become Bankrupt or an If Surety die, insolvent, the Person for whom such Person became Surety shall, within One Calendar Month after the Death,c- Sccu* Bankruptcy orlnfolvency of such his Surety, give fresh or new Security, to be approved of in like manner rlty 8, ven*

as hereinbefore mentioned, and in like manner lodge or cause the same to be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall a & as Weighmaster, Deputy Weighmaster or We; ghmaster, Taster, shall, upon the Requell or Demand of any Magistrate or Merchant, or Buyer of Butter, produce and See. to produce shew the Certificate of his having taken such Oath and given such Security respectively as hereinbefore Certificate, directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who hath been or shall be appointed a Weighmaster, If Weighmafte

shall alien, fell or lease his Office of Weighmaster, that then and in every such case his said Office shall cease fell, his Office and determine. V0ld*

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, or his or Weighmaster, their Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, shall neglect or refuse to attend on the Days and during the &c- neglecting, respective times hereby appointed, said public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, his or their Deputy &c, to atten^ or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, shall for each Offence of himself or themselves forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds penalty. Sterling, to be recovered by such Person or Persons who shall first sue for the fame by Civil Bill in the County of the City or County at large where such Offence shall be committed and where Civil Bills are usually tried, with like remedy of Appeal for either Party as in cases of Civil Bills, or in a summary way before Two Justices Appeal, of the Peace where such Offence shall be committed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor of each City, Chief Magistrate of each Town Corpo- In case of AS-rate, or a Justice of the Peace of the County at large in which there is a Place of Export or Market Town, fence of Weigh-where a public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters is, aTe or shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in the Absence of such public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters of such City, Town Corporate, j^behavi^i^ Place of Export or Market Town, as the case shall happen to be, shall and may, upon Complaint in Writing, antj another*and upon full Proof upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, appointed, (which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to administer) of the Misbehaviour of the Deputy or Deputies of such public Weigh-maiter or joint public Weighmasters, or any of them, and upon full hearing of him or them, or being duly summoned to appear before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, as the case shall happen to be, having Forty eight Hours Notice as aforesaid, and neglecting to appear, have Power from time to time to remove such Deputy or Deputies from his or their Office or Offices, and to nominate and appoint another or others to ?.dl in his or their Place or Stead during the Absence of such public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters from time to time as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall sell or expose to Sale any Cade or Casks within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, for packing of Butter for Sale or Export, or shall make up or pack any Butter in any Calk or Calks to be exposed to Sale or for Export in such City, Town Corporate or Market Town or Place of Export, unless such Calk or Calks be made of good seasoned white Oak, or Ash, Sycamore, or Beech, (whereof no Part to be of Bog Timber) and shall be full-bound and made tight, so that each Calk shall hold Pickle, with Head and Bottom equally dooled and fi t to the Cross, with good and sufficient Hoops on each Calk; and that every Person so felling or exposing to Sale any Calk or Calks for packing Butter within any such City and Liberties, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, made otherwise than as herein directed, or not being of the Weight herein after required, being thereof convicted before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, on a summary Hearing

52 Geo. III. 60 by

Cafics of season-ed Oik or Affi, &c. as defuibed.

Exposing to Salt Calks not mado as directed.

JO 10

Penury.

Diiuels,

Imprisonment.

Persons packing up Butter in Calks m; -de otherwise than directed.

[Penalty.]

Distress.

Imprisonraent.

"Empty Calks weighed and branded before ex puled for Sale.

Allowance for Soakage.

Persons felling, fcc/ any empty Calk or Calks not branded.

[Penalty.]

DistrclW

Inaprisonment.

Calks not hav'ng Tare branded, Gripped.

C.T34. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

by the Oath or Affirmation, as the case may be, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate and Justice, as the case may be, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) or upon the Confession of such Offender, before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices, as the case may be, shall for every such Cask forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, which Warrant he or they, as the case may be, are hereby empowered and required immediately to issue, in case of Non Payment upon such Conviction or Con-f JTion as aforesaid; and in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy such Penalty, then such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices, as the case may be, (which Warrant he and they are hereby empowered and required to issue) shall be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Space of time not exceeding One Month, nor less than One Week, at the Difcnttion of such Mayor* Chief Magistrate or Justices, as the case may be; and every Person making up or packing any Butter to be exposed to Sale, or for Export within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, in any Cask or Casks made otherwise than as herein directed, or not being of the Weight as herein after required, or not having the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thick-ness herein after required, being thereof convicted on a summary Hearing, by the Oath or Affirmation, as the case may be, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, where such Offence shall be committed, as the case may be, and which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, is hereby required and empowered to administer, or upon Confession of such Offender before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices of the Peace, as the case may be, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Butter, and so in Proportion for every less Quantity which shall be in such Cask or Casks, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justices, as the case may be; which Warrant the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the cale may be, is hereby empowered and required immediately to issue, in case of Non Payment upon such Conviction #r Confession as aforesaid; and in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy such Penalty, then such Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case maybe, (which Warrant said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice or Justices aforesaid, as the case may be, is and are hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding One Month nor less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the cap may be; and that the public Weighmaster or joint public Wcighmasters of each City, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, for the time being, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall not weigh or brand any Butter until the same shall be made up in Casks made according to the Directions of this Act; and no Person shall buy, sell or expose for Sale, any empty Cask or Casks for packing of Butter, within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, before such Cask or Casks shall be weighed and branded by the said public Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies 5 which said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall be and is and are hereby empowered and required to weigh all such empty Casks, and to allow on account of Soakage, Two Pounds more on each Cask which shall contain Fifty six Pounds Weight of neat Butter, and Three Pounds for every Cask which shall contain Seventy Pounds Weight of neat Butter, or Three Quarters of an Hundred Weight Gross, and so in proportion for every less Size; the Weight of which empty Casks, with the Allowance of Soakage aforesaid, the said Weighmaster or joint public Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to brand on the Side and Bottom of every such empty Cask or Casks, in Figures and not in Letters; and in case any Person shall buy, sell or expose to Sale, within any City or Liberties thereof. Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, any empty Cask or Casks for packing of Butter, not weighed and branded as aforesaid, every such Person (being thereof convicted before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, and where such Offence shall be committed, on a summary Hearing by the Oath or Affirmation, as the case may be, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, is hereby empowered and required to administer) or upon the Confession of such Offender, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling for every Calk so brought, or sold or exposed to Sale as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress anS Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, which Warrant he and they are hereby empowered and required to issue immediately upon such Conviction or Confession, in case of Non Payment; and in case such Offender shall not have Goods and Chattels sufficient to satisfy the said Penalty, then such Offender shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor* Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the Gaul of such City, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town shall be, and where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding One Month nor less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be; and whenever any such Cask or Casks of Butter shall be brought to any such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, for the Purpose of being weighed, which shall not have the Tare branded and marked upon the Side and Bottom of such Cask or Casks by the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or

y Deputies,

IOII

A.Da8i2. 52° GEORGII III. C. 134.

Deputies, that then it shall be lawful for such Weighmader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy cr Deputies, and he ai.d they is and are hereby required to cause such Calk or Casks to be dripped, and shall weigh and brand the fame in like manner as if such Calk or Casks had been brought empty to such Weigh-house, but they shall not give any Allowance for Soakage on auy such Cask, and it shall be lawful for said Weighmader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy or Deputies, to use any other Braud or Mark in Addition to the foregoing, which the said Weighmaderor Weighmaders, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall think lead liable to be counterfeited; and all empty Cask or Casks, or Cask or Casks of Butter which shall be brought to any Weigh-house of any City, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, to be weighed and branded,

shall have the Name of the Cooper who made such Cask or Casks, branded in a legible manner on some con- Cooper's Name fpicuous Part of it or them; and in case any empty Cask or Casks, or Cask or Casks of Butter, shall be brought ou Calks, to any of the said Weigh houses to be weighed and branded as aforesaid, not having the Name of the Cooper branded on it or them as aforesaid, the said Weighmader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby empowered and required to seize and carry such empty Cask or Casks, or such Cask or Casks of Butter, before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Weigh-house shall lie, as the case maybe, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the fame; and if such Cask or Casks shall, upon Examination, Inspection or due Proof, appear not to be branded with the Name of said Cooper as aforesaid, he shall adjudge such Cask and Casks to be for- Penalty, feited, and the Person to whom such Cask or Casks of Butter, or empty Cask or Casks shall belong, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling for every Fifty six Pounds Weight of Butter which such Cask or Casks (1 all Penalty, contain $ and the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to detain such Cask or Casks of Butter until such Penalty shall he satisfied; and if such Penalty shall not be satisfied within Fourteen Days, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to cause such Cask or Casks of Butter to be sold by public Auction, and shall, out of the Moyiey for which the same shall be sold, deduct such Penalty and the reasonable Expences of such Auction, and shall pay the Overplus to the Owner of such Cask or Casks of Butter; and in case the said Weigh- Weighmaster net mader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall weigh and brand any Cask or Casks of Butter, or branding Calks for packing of Butter, not made as herein, or not being of the Weight herein after directed, or not having the made as directed. Staves, Bottom and Head thereof of the Thickness herein after mentioned and required, or not branded with the ^ran^n£ Name of the Cooper as herein required, or shall mark or brand any Cask or Casks falsely as containing more or u e Jm less than the true Weight, such Weighmader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy or Deputies being thereof convicted before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or Justice of the Peace of the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, as the case may be, on a summary Hearing by the Oath (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace of the County, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to adminider) shall for every such Cask not made or branded as herein is directed, or not being of the Weight herein after prescribed, or not having the Staves, Bottom and Head thereof of the Thickness herein after required, so weighed and branded by him or them, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling, and for every Calkffo marked or branded falsely, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be penajtr levied in case of Non Payment, by Didress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under DUtofo. the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, as the case may be; which Warrant said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, is hereby empowered and required to issue.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Calk and Calks of Butter which shall be brought into c-fles of Butter any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Sea Port or Place of Export or Market Town, for Sale or for Sale, tried, for Exportation, shall, before the fame is fold or exposed to Sale in, or exported from such City or Liberties See. by Weigh-thereof Town Corporate, Sea Port or Place of Export or Market Town, be brought to some one of the mater, &c«. Weigh-house8 aforesaid, there to be taded, weighed and proved by said Weighmader or Weighmaders, Tader or Taders of such City, Town Corporate, Sea Port or Place of Export or Market Town, as the case may happen to be, his or theirjDeputy or Deputies, who is and are hereby required dridtly according to their respective Offices to inspect the fame, and before he or they mark or brand or approve the fame, to see that such Butter be merchantable; and in case any such Butter shall appear not merchantable, said Weighmader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Tader or Taders, are hereby empowered and required to '

seize the fame, and carry it, and cause the Person or Persons who fold or exposed the fame for Sale, or the Owner thereof, by Summons, to appear before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of Peace for the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, where such Butter shall be so fold or exposed to Sale, as the case may be, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the fame; and if such Butter shall, upon Examination or Inspection, or due Proof, appear to him to be unmerchantable, he shall adjudge the same to be forfeited; and if any such Mayor, Chief Magistrate p.or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, shall be doubtful of the Quality of such Butter, or if either Party require i^caf/ofdoukt the fame, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, as {he case may be, is hereby Two indifferent empowered and required to summon, examine and hear upon Oath, or Affirmation if a Quaker, (which Oath Persons exa-or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, as the case may be, is hereby em- min«d»s«>ni-powered and required to adminider) Two skilful, disintereded and impartial Persons, and whom he shall con- I*16111 Judges, fiderand believe to be competent Judges in relation to the Nature and Quality of such Butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same; and when such Butter, lo brought to be sold, weighed or if merchantable, exposed to Sale pursuant to this Act\, shall appear to such Weighmader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy weighed and or Deputies, Tader or Taders, to be merchantable, said Weighmader or Weighmaders, his or their Deputy landed, or Deputies, shall and is and are hereby required to weigh the fame, and to brand and mark on the Side of each Calk the gross Weight thereof, in Figures, and not m numerical Letters, and to use any other Brand or

6 O 2 Mark

[Penalty.]

Dtstress.

Butter improperly packed brought before Mayor, &. c.

[Penalty.]

Mayor, Sec, may examine on Oath.

Fees to Weigh-utters, &c.

Butler in Casks Dot to exceed S4lbs. in the Grok

Tare in Proportion to Gross Weight.

Staves, Head and Bottom of Casks.

Butter not above Ri«idle. Tare according to proportionate Weight of Calks.

Buying, See. Caiks of En ter ot branded.

C. 134. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Mark in Addition thereto, which the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall think lead liable to be counterfeited; and in case the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall make life of numerical Letters in branding any empty Cask or Casks, or Cask or Calks of Butter, such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, being thereof convicted, on a summary Hearing, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may he, (and which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Calk to branded, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, as the case may be 5 which Warrant said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in any Cask or Casks pack up or mix old Blitter with new, or mix Bay Salt instead of White Salt in packing it, or greater Quantities of Salt than what melts in working it up, and shall bring the same to any of the said Weigh-houses, that it shall and may be lawful for every such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to seize and carry such Cask of Butter, and cause the Person who brought the same to be weighed, or the Owner thereof, to be summoned to appear before the Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace of the County as aforesaid, as the case maybe, who is hereby empowered and required to inquire into the fame, and if such Cask shall, upon Examination, Inspection or due Proof, appear to him to contain old Butter mixed with new, or that Bay Salt instead of White Salt shall have been uledin packing such Butter, or that greater Quantities of Salt than what melts in it hath been used in packing it up, he shall adjudge such Cask or Casks with the Butter contained therein, to be forfeited; and if such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, shall be doubtful concerning such Butter, or if either Party require it, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine and hear upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may happen to be, is hereby empowered and required to administer) Two skilful, disinterested and impartial Persons, whom he shall consider and believe to be competent Judges m relation to the Nature and Quality of such Butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same.

XVII. And whereas the weighing, examining and branding such empty Cask or Casks, and Cask or Cask*of Butter, are attended with great Expenfeand Trouble Be it therefore enacted, That the Weighmaster or Weighmasters of each City, Town Corporate, Place of Export and Market Town for the time being, shall have and receive from the Person bringing the same to be weighed and branded, or from the Owner thereof, the Sum of One Penny, and no more, for every such empty Cask so weighed and branded; and for the weighing and branding every Cask of Butter, Two pence 5 and for tailing, proving and marking the

Suality One Penny, to be paid to the Person so tasting, proving and marking the said Butter 5 and that no utter shall be packed, fold or exposed to Sale m any Cask exceeding in Weight more than Eighty four Pounds in the Gross; and that the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall not brand any empty Cask which when full of Butter may weigh mpre than Eighty four Pounds Gross, nor less than Twenty eight Pounds Gross; and that the Tare of every fitch Cask or Casks shall be Twenty Pounds Weight per Hundred Weight on the gross Weight thereof, or to be deducted in that Proportion though it shall weigh less; and that upon Refusal to pay the respective Fees aforesaid, or any of them, by the Person or Persons liable by this Act to pay the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, to detain such Cask or Casks until Satisfactionbe made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that every Cask or Casks shall have the Staves thereof as nearly of an equal Thickness as may be; and that the Head and Bottom of such Cask shall be of due Thickness, in Proportion to the Size of such Cask or Casks; and if any Cask of Butter which shall be brought to any of the Weigh-houses aforesaid, shall have the Butter in it packed above the Riddle of such Cask, such Cask of Butter shall not be weighed until the Surface of such Butter shall be reduced to a Level with the Corner Edge of such Riddle; and in case the Tare marked on any Cask of Butter which shall be brought to any of the said Weigh-houses to be weighed, shall not be in the Proportion aforesaid to the gross Weight of such Cask, it shall be lawful for the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, and he and they are hereby required to erase such Tare from such Cask, and to mark and brand thereon such Tare as shall bear that Proportion to the gross Weight thereof which by this Act is required.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cask or Casks of Butter shall be tried or bored at any other Place save only at one of said Weigh-houses, or bought, fold or exposed to Sale, within any City or the Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, before the same shall have been duly tried, weighed and branded at any one of the said Weigh-houses heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appoint d pursuant to the Directions of this Act, both the Buyer and Seller of such Cask, or the Person or Persons so trying or boring such Cask or Casks of Butter, and the Person or Persons so buying, felling or exposing to Sale such Cask or Casks of Butter before the same shall have been duly tried, weighed, approved and branded as aforesaid, being thereof convicted before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace of the County, as the case may be, on a summary Hearing, by the Oath (or Affirmation, if a Quaker) of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to administer) or on Confession of the Party

7 or

e

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 134. 1013

or Parties before such Mayor, Magi (Irate or Justice, as the case may be, shall each of them forfeit for each Cask of Butter so tried, bored, bought, fold or exposed to Sale, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied by Distress Penalty, and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Distrefiu Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required immediately to issue upon such Conviction in case of Non payment of said Penalty); and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods and Chattels sufficient to satisfy and answer said Penalty or Penalties, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Gaol of such Imprisonment* City, Town Corporate or County Gaol, as the case may be, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may happen to be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magi (Irate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue), there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of time not exceeding Two Months or for less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may happeu to be; and if any Butter not re* Person or Persons who shall bore any Calk or Calks of Butter within any City or Liberties thereof, Town Corporate, Place of Export or Market Town, fn ill not return the Butter taken out by such boring into its whencebored^ own proper Cavity in such Calk or Calks, such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, by such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, shall forfeit for every Penalty, such Calk the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, Diltreft-by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Cuief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy and answer such Penalty, then such Offender or Offenders shall be committed, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue) to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or Place of Export, Imprisonment; . or County at large, as the case may happeu to be, there to remain without any Bail or Mainprize, for a Space of time not exceeding One Month nor less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall either buy or fell any Buying, &c. Cask or Calks of Butter at any greater or less Tare, or shall take or give any greater or less Quantity or Allow- Butter otherwise ance than the Tare and Allowance for Soakage branded on such Calk or Calks of Butter, or who shall buy thandiretfed. or fell any Calk or Calks of Butter by Hand and not by Weight, such Person or Persons so buying or selling

at a greater or less Quantity or Tare, or Allowance for Soakage than as aforesaid, notwithstanding any Contract

between the Person or Persons so felling, and the Person or Persons so buying by Hand and not by Weight,

on being convicted thereof before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or a

Justice of the Peace of the County where there is a Seaport or Place of Export or Market Town as aforesaid,

and where such Offence shall be committed, as the case may be, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Affirmation, of a Quaker, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may happen to be, is hereby empowered and required to admi-

nifter, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid,

as the case maybe, ) shall each of them forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every such Calk of Butter so Penilty.

bought or sold by Hand as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, DtfhreU.

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as

the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case

may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue); and if in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have

Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer and satisfy such Penalty or Penalties, such Offender or Offenders shall

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may

be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, is hereby empowered and

required to issue) be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case Imprisonment.

may be, there to remain without any Bail or Mainprize, fur a Space of time not exceeding One Month or

less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, before whom such Conviction shall be had.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if, from and after the Commencement of this Act, any Landwaiter Revenue Offi-

or other Revenue Officer entrusted with the lading or putting on board any Butter for the Purpose of being cers permitting exported from Ireland, shall permit or suffer any Cade or Calks of Butter to be shipped or laden on board any b*

Ship, Boat or Vessel, in order to be exported as Merchandize, (any Quantity of Butter in Calks needful and €rud.°*necessary for the real and br, na Jlde Use of the Crew of such Ship, Boat or Vessel, only excepted) without

having been previously weighed, branded and marked by the Weighmaster of the Seaport or Place of Export where such Butter shall be shipped or put on board, as uire&ed by this Act, every such Landwaiter or other Revenue Officer who shall so offend, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Calk which he Penalty.

shall permit to be so shipped or loaded on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel, to be recovered, disposed of and applied, as is hereinbefore last immediately directed and appointed as to other Penalties of the like Amount.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Butter lnrht Taller or 'rafters, or any Cooper or other Person employed in any Weigh-house aforesaid, or any Person in by Wti-i.natter* Trull for him, them or any of them, shall buy, fell, contract or treat (or any Calk or Calks of Butter; and 01 Persons in case any Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taller or Tallers, such Cooper"0l m* or other Person lo employed in any such Weigh-house or Weigh-houses, or any Person in Trull for him, them P

or any of them, shall buy, fell, contractor treat for any Calk or Calks of Butter, the said Weighmaster or Weighmasters*.

iof4

[Penalty.]

No Publican or C Hipc-r to be Weigh ina iter.

Weigh m .(ler cr Deputy rray ha\e One Cask for Family Ui'e.

Brands for nnrlting other Ccopus Names.

[Penalty.]

Di.lroi.

fm}tlibnmenu

Branding, &c.

Penalty.-

Distrti'i.

Imprisonment,

Cades not conformable to Ad, Wrought before Mayor, See.

Mayor, &c. may examine on Oath.

C. 134. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, such Cooper or other Person so employed in any of the said Weigh-houses, being thereof convicted before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace for the County where such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, and where such Offence shall be so committed, as the case may be, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to administer Hhall forfeit the Butter so bought, fold or contracted for by him, them or any of them, or by any Person in Trust for him, them or any of them, or the Value thereof, to be recovered in like manner as the Penalty for buying Butter by Hand, and not by Weight as herein directed; and that no Person who keeps a Public House, nor any Cooper during the time such Cooper shall exercise and follow the Trade or Mystery of a Cooper, or shall employ any Apprentice or other Person in making Calks for packing up Butter for his Use or in Trust for him, shall be capable of being a Weighmaster or Deputy Weighmaster for weighing of Butter within the Meaning of this Act; any thing in this AClor any former Law to the contrary not with (landing: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall preclude such Weighmaster or Weighmasters, hisortheir Deputy or Deputies, Taster or Tafters, or such Cooper or other Person, from purchasing or having in bit Possession One Cask of Butter at a time, not exceeding Eighty four Pounds gross Weight, for the Use of his or their Family or Families, and no more.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, or have in his, her or their Possession, any Brand, Mark or Instrument, for the Purpose of branding or marking on any Calk or Calks for packing up Butter, any Name purporting to be the Name of any Master Cooper who made, or for whom such Cask or Calks were made, other than the Name of such Master Cooper, every such Person being thereof convicted before the Mayor of any such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of Peace for the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town as aforesaid shall lie, as the case maybe, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, (which Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby em-

?owered to administer), shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied by Jistress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby required to issue) 5 and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer and satisfy such Penalty, then such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, as the case may be, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to issue) there to remain without any Bail or Mainprize for a Space of time not exceeding Six Months nor less than One Month, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, as the case may be 5 and if any Person shall brand or mark any Cask or Calks for packing up Butter, with any Brand or Mark purporting to be the Name of any Master Cooper who made such Calk or Calks, or for whom such Cask or Calks were made, other than the Name of such Master Cooper, such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Cask the Sum of 'Ten Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, (which Warrant every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may he, is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Goods and Chattels sufficient to answer and satisfy such Penalty, then the said Offender or Offenders shall be committed by Warrant as aforesaid, to the Gaol of such City, Town Comorate or County at large, as the case may be, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for a Space of time uot exceeding Two Months nor less than One Week, at the Discretion of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may happen to be.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Weighmaster or Weighmasters of any City, Town Con porate, Place of Export or Market Town, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall find on Examination, that any Cask or Calks for the packing of Butter, which shall be brought to any of the Weigh-houses aforesaid, to be weighed or branded, is or are not made conformable to this Act, or are not of the Weight herein mentioned and required, or have not the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein required, that then it may and shall be lawful for said Weighmaster or Weighmasters, his or their Deputy or Deputies, to seize such Cask or Casks, and carry the fame before the Mayor of such City, Chief Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or a Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Place of Export or Market Town shall lie, as the case may be; which Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to enquire concerning the same; and if such Calk or Casks shall upon Examination, Inspection or due Proof before him, appear to be made contrary to Law, or not to be of the Weight hereby required, or not to have the Staves, Head and Bottom thereof of the Thickness herein required, he shall order such Cask or Casks to be sawed in Two across; and if such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, as the case may be, shall be doubtful of the Quality of such Cask or Casks, or if any of the Parties concerned require the fame, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine and hear upon Oath, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, /which said Oath or Affirmation such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice afore-(Said, as the case may be, is nereby empowered and required to administer) Two able, difmtercfted atd impartial

Master

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 134. 1015

Matter Coopers, in relation to the Nature and Quality of the fame, that he may be better able to determine concerning the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Mayor of any City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Sale of Calk or Corporate, or Justice of the Peace for the County in which there is such Place of Export, or Market Town Butter forfeited, as aforesaid, as the case may be, shall declare any Cask or Calks of Butter to be forfeited pursuant to the

Powers given him in this A6V, he shall within Fourteen Days cause the same to be sold by public Auction to

the highest Bidder 5 and that the Money for which such Calk or Calks of Butter shall be sold shall, after defray- Application of

ing the reasonable Expences of such Sale by Auction, be equally divided; One Half thereof to go to the Money.

Person or Persons who shall have seized such Calk of Butter, and the other Half to go to the Governors of the Workhouse or House of Industry of such City, Town Corporate or County at large, a9 the case may happen to be, to be by them applied in Aid of the Fund of such Workhouse or House of Industry; and in case there shall not be any such Workhouse or House of Industry, then that such Half shall be given and shall go to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed; and that every Penalty to be levied by Distress for any Offence under this Act, and not herein otherwise disposed, lhafi be equally divided; One Half thereof to go to the Party informing against and prosecuting every such Offence, (and which Party is and are hereby declared to be competent Witness or competent Witnesses in every such case, ) and the other witness*

Half to go to the Governors of such House of Industry or Workhouse aforesaid, as the case may be, to be by them applied as aforesaid 5 and in case of no such House of Industry or Workhouse, such Half to go to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed; and the Person to whom any Warrant of Distress for levying such Distress, and who shall actually levy the same, shall, for his Trouble, have and receive the following Fees; videlicet, Two Shillings if the Penalty do not exceed Forty Shillings, One Shilling in the Pound for every Penalty above Forty Shillings and not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and Six pence in the Pound for every Penalty above Five Pounds; said Fees to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall incur such Penalties, in like manner as the Penalties themselves are by this Act directed to be levied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Weighmaster or Weighmasters aforesaid, his or their Deputy Penalties going or Deputies, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required to receive all such Penalties and For- to , ^ouse^feitures as by this Act are to go to the Governors of any House of Industry or Workhouse, as the case may^ Weigh-be, and shall account Quarterly upon Oath, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, with such Governors (and which mailer.

Oath or Affirmation such Governors are hereby empowered and required to administer) for the said Penalties

and Forfeitures received by them respectively, deducting Five Pounds Sterling out of every Hundred Pounds, Fec* and so in Proportion, as a Recompence for his Trouble.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any empty Cask or Calks for packing up Butter shall Replevin, be seized or brought before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or Justice of the Peace for any County where there is such Place of Export or Market Town aforesaid, as the case may be,

or shall be adjudged and condemned, or whenever any Distress is or shall be taken pursuant to this A6i, no

Replevin shall lie, but the Judgment of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, shall be final and conclusive;

and that if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or troubled, for putting in Execution any of the

Powers contained in this Act, or for doing any Matter or Thing pursuant thereto, such Person or Persons

may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall General

be nonsuited, or Judgment given against him, her or them by Default, or upon Demurrer, or a Verdict shall

[Treble Costs.]

pass for the Defendant or Defendants, shall have his or their Treble Costs, to be recovered in such manner as

where by Law Costs are awarded and given to Defendants.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be confi- City of Cork,

dered, construed or taken to extend, to the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, or the Liberties thereof. &c. excepted.

XXVIII. And whereas, by several Acts now or lately in force, Weigh-houses and Weighmasters have been

long established in the Liberties of Saint Sepukhre and of Thomas Court and Donorcy which said Liberties are

situate within the County of the City and County of Dublin: And whereas it may happen that Weighhouses and Weighmasters may have been established by virtue of certain Laws and Customs in force in certain other Liberties in lrdandy and it is expedient that Weigh-houses should be continued within all such Liber-

ties, and be subject and liable to the fame Regulations to which any Weigh-house or Weighmaster, to be erected, established, appointed or continued in any Places by virtue of this Act, is or may be liable or subject

Be it therefore enacted, That the Lord of any Manor, or Seneschal of any Liberty, under and by virtue of Weighmasters any Law or Custom in force at the time of the passing of this Act, and which shall have been put in force or appointed for acted under for the Space of Six Years before the passing of this Act, shall respectively according to such Law certain Liberties, or Custom have full Power and Authority to appoint One Weighmaster for each and every such Manor or Liberty, for Butter and Tallow, to weigh, brand and mark all such Casks and Commodities, and take and receive all such Sum and Sums of Money for weighing, branding and marking the fame, as any Weighmaster or Weighmasters nominated and appointed, or to be appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, can or may have, exercise, take or receive by virtue of this Act; and after such Casks or Commodities shall be weighed, branded or marked by the Weighmaster of the said respective Liberties as aforesaid, such Casks or Commodities shall and may be exported in such Sort and Manner as if weighed by the Weighmaster of any Place under the Direction of this Act; any Clause, Matter or Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which said Weighmasters and their respective Deputies shall be subject and liable to all the Regulations, Pains and Penalties to which any other Weighmasters or their Deputies appointed by this Act or in pursuance thereof are subject and liable, under the Direction and Controul of the Lord or Seneschal of any such Manor or Liberty respectively.

XXIX. And,

ioi6

Mayor, &c. may issue Warr nts against OiT. rders iiimmotird; tid act mending.

Troceedings, before Mayor, &c.

"Witnesses not appearing, or refafing to give Evidence, committed.

Custom House OtHcers may iei'/e B.itter illegally packed, im-rted into any JLJ jrt in G. B.

[Commencement of Act.]

Ante, c. 85.

C. 134, 135. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

XXIX. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act, be it further enacted, That on Complaint or Information in Writing before the Mayor of any City, Chief Magistrate of any Town Corporate, or Justice of the Peace for the County in which there is such Place of Export or Market Town as aforesaid, as the case may be, of any Offence having been committed against this Act, every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby authorized and required to summon the Person or Persons charged with being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before him at a certain Time and Place to be specified, and which time for such Appearance shall not be less than Forty eight Hours after the issuing of such Summons, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice, as the case may be, Proof on Oath, if any Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, having been first made, which Oath the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, of the Service of such Summons upon such Person or Persons, by delivering the same to him, her or them personally, or leaving the fame at his, her or their usual Place of Abode or Place of llelidence Forty eight Hours at least before the time specified in such Summons for his, her or their Appearance, shall make and issue his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so summoned and not appearing as aforesaid, and for bringing him or them before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be; and it also shall be lawful for such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, in case such Person or Persons cannot be apprehended and brought before him, or upon his or their appearing upon such Summons, such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to proceed thereon according to the several rrovisions of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice of the Peace aforesaid, and before whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the Request of any of the Parties, to issue his Summons to any Witness or Witnesses, to appear within the Space of Twenty four Hours, and give Evidence before such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons; and if any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear, or shall not give a fuffirient Excnfe for his, her or their Default, or if any Person or Persons appearing according to such Summons shall not submit to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his, her or their Evidence touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, and he is hereby required and empowered and authorized, Proof on Oath (which Oath the said Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, i* hereby required and empowered to administer in the case of any Person not appearing according to such Summons) having been first made of the due Service of such Summons on every such Person, by delivering the same to him, her or them, or by leaving the fame at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Mayor, Chief Magistrate or Justice aforesaid, as the case may be, to commit such Person or Persons fb making Default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give Evidence, to the Gaol of such City, Town Corporate or County, as the case may be, to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Person or Persons shall submit himself, herself or themselves to be examined and give his, her or their Evidence touching the Matter of such Complaint as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Butter made in Ireland shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act be imported into any Port of Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Customs of such Port of Importation, to search and examine the Calks in which such Butter shall be packed; and in case any Butter so imported shall be packed in any Cask or Calks not authorized by this Act, or in any manner contrary to the Directions of this Act, such Butter and Calks in which the same shall be imported shall be forfeited, and may be seized by such Officer of the Customs, and lie is hereby authorized and empowered to seize the fame accordingly; and One Half of the Value of the Butter so forfeited and seized shall go to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to the Officer so seizing the fame; and such Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by all such ways and means in like manner as any Forfeiture may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Customs in force ia Great Britain.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all and Angular the several Provisions and Regulations herein contained and mentioned, shall commence and be in force from the First Day of jipril which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and not sooner, except where any other time is specially mentioned for the Commencement of any Clause or Provision hereinbefore contained.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act for advancing Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds to the East India Company, to enable them to discharge Part of the Indian Debt.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS it has been resolved, that a Sum not exceeding Two millions five hundred thousand

Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for the Purpose of enabling His Majesty to advance the like

Sum to the United Company of Merchants of England, for their Relief under their present Circumstances;

and it has been provided that the said Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds shall be raised,

together with other Sums amounting together to Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities $ and by the Terms of the Loan in which the said Sum of Twenty two millions five hundred

' thousand

A.D. 181a. 51° GEORGII III. C. 135.

thousand Pounds is to.be raised, the Capital Stock created in respect of the said Sum of Two million* five hundred thousand Pounds amounts to Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and to-

One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, respectively«transferable at the Bank of England; and it has been agreed, that the Interest or Annuities to be payable in respect of the said Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Gcntum Annuities, and the said

Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and the Annual Sums to be paid on account of the Sinking Fund for Redemption and for Charges of Management thereof respectively, should be charged and be deemed and considered to be a Charge upon the Revenues of the British Territories in the East Indies, and shall be advanced by the said United Company in London, to answer the said Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management*Be it therefore ena&ecT by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by ana with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it comminTonerr shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of of Treasury them, and they are hereby required at any time before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, to advance and pay to the said United Company, out of the said Sum of Twenty two million* |ndld Company five hundred thousand Pounds to be raised as hereinbefore is mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not ex- a certain Sura ceeding in the whole the said Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, and at such times as of Money.

shall be required by the said United Company, for their Relief as hereinbefore mentioned, and that such Sums shall be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that a Sum after the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds, for every Million of the said Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be deducted out of the Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced and paid to the said United Company, to re-imburse the Charges to be incurred in and about the receiving, paying and accounting for the said Loan.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company, previous and in preference to the Payment Company to pay of any Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock, shall pay aunually into the Hands of the Governor

'and Company of the Bank of England', by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the Sum of Ninety thousand $, mjon ac_ Pounds, being the Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum on the said Sum of Three millions count of Re-Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, created in respect of the Principal Sum of Two millions five duced Annuities* hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Loan of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds; and also the further Sum of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, by two equal Half-yearly Payments, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Stun of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centinn; the said Half-yearly Payments to commence on the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to continue to be made on or before the First Day of April and the Fifth Day of October in each succeeding Year.

III. And be it also enacted, That the said United Company shall pay annually into the Hands of the And also certain-

said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to the Account hereinbefore mentioned* in Two equal Sums on account Half-yearly Payments, the Sum of Forty two thousand Pounds, being the Interest after the Rate of Three tt<k

Pounds per Centum on the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds nDuines*

Per Centum Annuities, created in respe«St of the said Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand

Pounds, Part of the said Loan of Twenty two millions five hundred thousand Pounds; and also of the further Sum of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, on account of the Siuking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Sum of One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities; the said last mentioned Half-yearly Payments to commence on the First Day of July, .md to continue and be made on or before the First Day of January, and First Day of July in each succeeding Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That over and besides the said several Sums of Ninety thousand Pounds, Company to pay and Fifty five thousand four hundred add ten Pounds, and Forty two thousand Pounds and Fifty five thousand for Charge* of four hundred and ten Pounds hereinbefore mentioned, the said United Company shall pay into the Hands of Mana6en, cnt*r.the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by Half yearly Payments, such Sum and Sums of

Money as pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authori % e the advaneing for the Public Service, upon certain Conditions, a> 48 G. 3. c. 4.

Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England, for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends Annuities and

Lottery Prix.es, and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt, shall be

payable* in respe£f of the Charges of Management of the said Two foveral Sums of Three millions Reduced

Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three

Founds per Centum Annuities, or so much thereof respectively as from time to* time shall remain unredeemed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums payable for Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges Application of of Management on the said Sum of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and One Sums directed: , million four hundred thousand Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, when paid into the Bank a*

herein mentioned, shall be carried to the Account of the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, on account of the Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management on the Loan.raised for the Service of the East India Company.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case Default shall at any time be made by the said United Company i, Caf© of De-in any of the Payments hereinbefore mentioned, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, fault of Payment at the several times hereinbefore limited for that Purpose, then and in every such case so much Money from time by Company,

to time shall be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of any Monies on ac- C<±-

count of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the CafaierorGaffiiers oi the said Governor and Company 01 at* u"

52 Geo. III. 6 P u£

xoifi 0.135.

5a0 GEORGII III.

A.B.iBii,

Company allowed to pay a farther Sum on account of sinking Fond.

Application of Sums paid to Bank for Sinking Fund.

J* G. 3. c. 55.

Separate Account of Sums paid towards Sinking Fund kept.

When Stocks «re redeemed or purchased, Payments to cease.

In case of Failure of Payment by Company, how tecovered.

of the Bank of EngtdhJ, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the Annuities created 5n respect of the said Three millions Reduced Three Pounds pet Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Bank Annuities, together with the Sinking Fund and Charges hereinbefore provided in respect thereof, and in Payment of which the said United Company shall have made Default.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, if they shall see fit, at any time and from time to time, to pay into the Hands of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England any further Sum or Sums 01 Money beyond the said Tw6 several annual Sums of Fifty five thousand tour hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, on acccfant of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said Two Capital Sums of Threfc millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds her Centum Annuities.

VIII. And be it furth er enacted, That the said Sums of Ninety thousand Pounds and Forty two thousand Pounds hereinbefore provided to be paid by the said United Company to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be applied by them in Payment of the said Annuities, in respect of the said Principal Sums of Three millions and One million four hundred thousand Pounds, as the same shall become due, And that the said Two several Sums of Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall from time to time be paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Cashier, on account of the Sinking Fund, for the Redemption of the said several Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, shall be by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, instead of the Sums which would have been issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in respect of the said Capital Stock of Three millions Reduced Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Annuities, under the Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for vejling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End if every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to direB the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, in case of future Loans; and the said Commissioners shall from time to time apply the fame, and also the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith, in the Purchase of Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great Britain bearing an Interest of Three Pounds per Centum, in such manner as is directed by any Act or Acts now in force with respect to any other Sums issued to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt j and all and every the Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provisions contained in any such Act or Acts respecting the Application of Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be excercifed and applied and be in full force with respect to the Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are herein expressly varied, as fully as if the fame were particularly re-enacted herein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall be kept of the Amount of the Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great Britain bearing an Interest of Three Pounds per Centumy purchased or redeemed by the Operations of the said Two several Sums of Fifty five thousand tour hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and such other Sum or Sums of Money as from time to time may be paid into the Hands of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Cashier, on account of the Sinking Fuad, for the Redemption of the said Two several Capital Sums of Three millions Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Annuities and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and also of the Dividends payable out of any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith; and whenever and so soon as the Sum of Four millions four hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock of the Public Annuities of Great Britain bearing an Interest of Three Pounds per Centum, being the Amount of the said Two several Sums of Three millions Reduced Annuities and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Annuities, created by the said Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, shall have been purchased or redeemed by the Operation of the said Two several Sums of Fifty (ire thousand four hundred and ten Pounds and Fifty five thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, and such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be paid on account of the said Sinking Fund as hereinbefore mentioned, and of the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith; then and from thenceforth the several Payments hereinbefore provided for the Interest, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management thereof respectively, shall wholly cease and determine, and the said United Company shall be wholly acquitted from all future Demands in respect thereof- '

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said United Company or their Successors shall make Failure in any of the Payments hereby required and appointed to be made into the Hands of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the respective Days or times hereinbefore limited, that then, and from time to time as often as such case shall so happen, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to His Majesty's Ufeby Action of Debt or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lVefhninfler> wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit or Information, it shall be lawful to declare that the said United Company or their Successors are indebted to His Majesty in the Monies in which they have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of the Statute, and base not paid the fame, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, there shall be further recovered to His Majesty's Use, against the said United Company or their Successors, Damages after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum Ur Annum, for the respective Monica so unpaid contrary to this Act,

with

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III. C. 135, 136, 137. 1019

with full Coils of Suit5 and the said United Company and their Successors, and all their Stock and Funds, and all other their Estates and Property whatsoever and wheresoever shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages and Coils.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Several Sums of Money payable or to be paid for the Intereil, Payment!

Sinking Fund and Charges of Management of the said Several Sums ot Three millions Reduced Three Pounds °n *7*

per Centum Annuities, and One million four hundred thousand Pounds Consolidated Three Pounds per Centum JJoes in Eart.^ Annuities, shall be and be deemed and considered to be a Charge upon the Revenues of the Territorial Acquift- indies.

tions in the East Indies, in like manner as if the Intereil payable in respect of the Indian Debts, which have been or may be discharged by means of the said Principal Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds had remained payable in the East Indies; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company to cause Funds for the Payment of such Intereil, Sinking Fund and Charges of Management, and all Sums of Money which they shall have become liable to pay in respect thereof, to be appropriated and provided out of the Indian Revenues, and to be remitted to England in the fame Order of Preference in which the Interests on such Debts so discharged would have been payable if they had remained due and owing in the East Indies; any Law,

Usage or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Property Tax in respect of the Sums hereinbefore directed or au- Payments paid: thorized to be paid into the Bank of England by the said United Company, shall not be paid or borne by the into Bank el" said United Company, and the fame Sums of Money shall be paid by the said United Company without any pJ^nY^tT. Deduction or Abatement whatsoever in respect of the Property Tax or otherwise howsoever; but such Property^7 Tax shall be deduced from the Dividends payable in respect of such Sums of Money, in such manner as the Property Tax in respect of any other Part of the Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities and Consoli

dated Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities is or ought to be deduced and paid.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to regulate the PVice of Coals to be bought for tfie\

Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin.

[18th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the First Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, intituled An Act to prevent the excefjtve Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, it was, amongst x G. 3. (I)*

other things, enacted, that One or more Yard or Yards should be taken at the Expence of the Public, for the

Purpose of laying in a sufficient Quantity of Coals for supplying the Journeymen, Tradesmen and tyanufacturers, and the roor of the City of Dublin, with Coals, in the manner and subject to the Regulations and

Provisions thereinafter mentioned; and that the said Coals should be bought iu at the public Expence,

when Coals should be under Sixteen Shillings the Ton: And whereas the Price of Coals in the City of Dublin has not for several Years last pafl been so low as Sixteen Shillings by the Ton Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Director of Cot! from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Director or Superintendent of such Coal Yanis to Huy '^Tard from time to time, and at all times, to buy Coals for the Supply of every or any such Coal Yards, in man-uerin the said Act mentioned, at any Price or Prices that shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other LieutJ?

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; such Approbation to be signified in Writing to ngnL such Director or Superintendent, previous to every such Purchase, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary for the Civil Department, and that such Coals shall and may be afterwards fold in> manner and under and subject to the Regulations in the said Act mentioned.

II. And whereas (ince the Encrease in the Price of Coals many large Quantities of Coals have from time

to time been purchased for the Use of such Coal Yards, at Prices exceeding the Rate fixed by Law as aforesaid, and where such Purchases were fairly made it is reasonable that the Parties concerned should not

suffer thereby Be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of Impress Accounts in Ireland Commissioners shall be of Opinion that any such Purchase hath been fairly and bona Jide made for the public Benefit, it shall of Imprest Ac-and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to allow the fame in all°J

Account, and to admit the Price paid for such Coals as just and fair Discharges for and on Behalf of the ^oalstf^ur-Director or Superintendent of such Coal Yards, or of any other Person or Persons who so paid the fame chafel fj^iy respectively. made.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by Way of Loan under an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

[20th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to dire ft the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited* Amount, for the 51 if^4 Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas Exchequer Bills were issued under the said Act, to

certain Commissioners therein named, and were by them advanced to Manufacturers, Merchants and Persons engaged in Trade, on certain Terms and Conditions: And whereas Circumstances have occurred which render it expedient to extend the time for the Repayment of the Instalments remaining due on the said Loans

of Exchequer Bills, upon the Terms and Conditions herein after specified f Be it therefore enacted by the

6 P x King'*

io2o C.I37*

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Persons may apply to Com m issioners to have time for Repayment of Loan* extended.

King's Mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it {haH and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to whom any such Relief shall have been granted under the fail recited Act, his, her or their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and his, her or their Sureties, and who respectively shall be desirous of enlarging or extending the time limited by the said Act for the Repaywept of any Part of any Loan of such Exchequer Bills, to make Application to the Commissioners named and appointed who may extend under the said Act, or such of them as shall be {till living, who are hereby nominated and appointed Comraif-it as specified. sioners for executing this Act, for any Enlargement or Extension of the times limited for such Repayment, not exceeding the times or the Proportions of any such Loan herein after spepified; and the said Commissioners are hereby authored to enlarge and extend the time for the Repayment of aBy such Loan in the Proportions as to what may be due thereon, and for the times herein after specified, either upon the Obligation or Obligations^ Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties heretofore accepted and made liable for Repayment of any such Loan, or any Interest thereon, without any other or new Obligation, Deed or other Security or Agreement xvhatibever, other than such Consent of Sureties as herein after mentioned, or upon such other and new Security or Securities, or other and new' Surety or Sureties, eitherfor the Whole of any such Loan, or for any separate and distinct Part or Parts of any such Loan, upon new and separate and distinct Security or Securities, cither with the former Sureties, or separate and new Sureties for each separate and distinct Part of any such Loan, in lieu of any former Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties* as to them the said Commissioners shall seem proper and necessary; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to require any new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, whenever they shall think the fame necessary, and to cancel and annul any former Obligation or Obligations, Security or Securities, and to separate and divide any such Loan or Loans, and to grant such Enlargement and Extension of time for each Part separately of any Loan so divided under this Act, and to require and take separate and diflindt Securities for any such divided Part of such Loan; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they think necessary, to require the Appearance of any Party or Parties fin any such Loan, and to proceed to examine into ana determine the Sufficiency of any such old or new Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, in like manner in every respect as they are empowered by the said recited Act to do with respect to any Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, to be proposed and given previous to the Advance or Issue of any Exchequer Bills under the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person liable as Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of any such Loan or Advance at the times limited by the said hereinbefore mentioned Act, spd who shall be willing to remain Sureties or Surety for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance, or of any Part or Proportion thereof, separated and divided under this Act as aforesaid, at such enlarged or extended time as shall be granted under this Act, shall signify their Consent to remain such Sureties or Surety, by subscribing their or his Names or Name to a Writing to be left with the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being, according to the Form in the Schedule in this Act marked (A.), and every such Consent so subscribed and delivered, shall be binding upon the respective Sureties or Surety so figoifying the fame, their, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, in like manner as such respective Sureties or Surety were or was, by the original Bonds or Bond entered into by them or him, bound for the Repayment of such Loan or Advance at the times thereby limited for the Repayment thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That within Seven Days after this Act shall have received the RoyiJ Assent, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall meet to receive, or to appoint a proper Person or Persons to receive all such Applications in Writing as shall be made to them for loch Enlargement or Extension of the times for the Repayment of the Amount of any such Loan of Exchequer Bills, and shall also fix proper and convenient Days for the Purpose of taking into Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and proceed to take into Consideration all such Applications ns (hah specify the times to which such Payments are required to be extended (not exceeding the Limits or Proportions herein after mentioned).

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons or Person making such Application to the said Commissionere, shall be required by the said Commissioners to give any new Security or Securities, or to produce any new or other Surety or Sureties, and shall not previous to or upon any of the said Instalments becoming due and payable under the said recited Act, be prepared to render such sufficient Security or Securities, or Sureties or Surety, as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed requisite; or in case such Person or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners that by reason of the Difiance at which any Sureties or Surety are then residing, the Consent of such Sureties or Surety under this Act cannot immediately be procured, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under the Hands of any Three or npreuf them, to, grant to such Persons or Person, such further time for the procuring and tendering such Security cr Securitiesor procuring the Consent of any such Surety or Sureties, as they in their Discretion shall think fit (to aliqw, not exceeding the Period of One Month from the time of granting such further time as aforesaid; and every Grant df such further time as aforesaid shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and in the mean time, and until the Expiration of the time so allowed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, such persons respectively shall not be deemedvor taken so hay^ made Default inpayment df such Instalment of the said Loan, under the said recited Act, W fludhany ProceCs, Suit or other Proceeding, be issued, commenced or had* nor. any Wiornmkfor the.£a«e granted ugainst the said Partiei respectively, or their Sureties or Surety, their Heirs, Executors or Admiodlvators, or, upon or iu reipedoi any Securities or Security, tftadev afljgwed or deposited fbrthe Furpofea in the said Act mentioned, or otbec-

Phwifo. wile, for tile Purpose of recovering*or co^ptifing Payment of the said Loae, ox any Part tfmts of: Provided

always,

Sureties willing «o remain so for Repayment of Loan at extended time*, to fijnify Consent to Secretary in Form in Schedule (A.)

Meetings of CommiHiouers.

Commissioners may grant to Person* not prepared to render new Securities or Sureties previous to initaL ments becoming due, &c further time, the Grant of which Ovall he in Form in (Schedule (11)

A.D. 1812.

53° GEORGII III.

C.

*37-

1021

always, that the Sureties now bound shall cgnfent to such Extension of time, and shall in the mean time remain liable under their present Security.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the signing of such Consent by such Sureties under the After signing said Act, and the Deposit of such further Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties (qrhere any such shall be Consent by ori-required by the said Commissioners) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby autho- Sureties rized and empowered to grant and allow in manner herein after mentioned, to such Parties respectively, such En-cf' largement or Extension of the times of Repayment of such Loan as they the said Commissioners shall in their Extension of Discretion think proper, Regard being had by the said Commissioners as well to the Merits of the case of the time of Repay-Party so applying, as to the Sufficiency of the Security or Securities, Surety or Sureties, so tendered by them, mt of Loans, fp that the said Loan be made payable in Proportions not less, and Periods not longer, than herein after parti-

cnlarly mentioned; that is to say. One Third Part of the said Loan as remains unpaid, with Interest for the fame, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; One other Third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the fame, on the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirteen $ and the remaining Third Part thereof, with the like Interest for the fame, on the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen: And such Parties reflectively, to whom the said Commissioners shall allow such Enlargement or Extension of the times of Payment of the said Loan, shall not be deemed or taken to have made Default in Payment of the said Loan, in manner directed by the said recited Acts; nor shall any Process, Suit or other Proceeding, be issued, commenced or had, nor any Warrant for the fame granted against the said Parties respectively, or their Sureties or .Surety, their or any of their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or upon or in respect: of any Securities or Security made, assigned or deposited for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, or otherwise, in order to recover or compel the Repayment of the said Loan, or any Part thereof, until the Expiration of such enlarged or extended times as aforesaid, except in the cases in the said Act specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the said Commissioners shall think fit to grant or Grant of Extca-allow any such Enlargement or Extension of time for the Repayment of any PropQrtion of any such Loan, fion in Form in they the said Commissioners shall certify such their Allowance by a Writing under the Hands of any Three or Schedule (C.) more of them, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), and such Certifi*'

qate shall be delivered to the respective Parties to whom such Extension of time shall be granted as aforesaid; and a Copy or Minute of all such Certificates shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom such Previous to re-

Enlargement or Extension of time for the Payment of any Part of any such Loan shall be granted or allowed ceiving Certifi-as aforesaid, shall, previous to the receiving any such Certificate as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid to the cates of Exten-said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint to receive d!Te paM*

the fame, all Interest then due and payable on.every such Loan at the time of granting any such Extension of

tipne as aforesaid.

VIIT. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the said recited Act, and all Remedies thereby Remedies of reprovided for recovering or compelling the Repayment of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills issued and ad* c*ted or other vanced under the same as aforesaid, or enforcing any such Security or-Securities, or Proceeding against any Act*ifw com-Sunety or Sureties, shall continue and be in full Force as against all Persons, and in all cases where the time ment8of Loan" for Repayment shall not have been charged and extended according to the Previous of this Act j and aHo to continue.*against all Persons, and in respect of all Securities and Sureties, where any further time shall have been allowed tiqder the said Acts or any or either of them, or this Act, for the Payment of any such Loan, or any Part of any such Loan, in like manner in every respect as if the Bonds, Mortgages, Obligations or other Securities given, or Sureties who shall have become bound in respect of any Loan, for the Repayment whereof, or of any Part whereof any such further time shall have been or shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, had been given, renewed and entered into, or such Sureties had become bound under this Act, or original Bonds)

Mortgages, Obligations, Securities or Sureties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Commissioner* with respect to any Parties applying for Relief under this Act, and shall have all such Remedies for the Pur- to have fame pose of recovering or compelling Repayment of any Loans or Advances already made, the times of Repay* Powers as under ment of which have been or may be enlarged or extended by the Authority of this Act, as are given to the rec*ted Acts. said Commissioners, and provided by the said recited Act in respect of any such Loan, or of any Default in Repayment, of any Loan made under the said Acts.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons consenting to remain Sureties pr Surety .far Sureties pay-ng -emy Parties, to whomffuch Enlargement or Extension of the times of Repayment of jany Loans advanced tp Loan ro, ave. them as hereinbefore mentioned shall be allowed, on becoming Sureties, or Surety for any P^rfpnsor Peiffop to whom any such Loan shall have been originally made by the Authority aforesaid, their pr his Executors of or Co-SuretiX Administrators ihadl pay or Satisfy such Loan, or any Part thereof, or any Costs or Charges incurred inreco- asunder recited'vering or compelling Payment of any fuah Loan, or any Part thereof, Inch Sureties or Surety shall have all Acts; and Mort-such Remedies as against their or his Principal* art Principal, or their or bisCosureties, or Cosurety (if any), gage* taken«a«arc provided by the said recited Act for the Jieaofct of the Sureties of the Persons obtaining a Loan, of Ex- ^in^Securi^" chequer Bills under the said Act; and moreover* all and every such Mortgages or Mortgage as shall he ao ties fof Re.-inu copied or taken by the said Commissioners, under the Authority of the said A6Vgiven tp themfor that JPur- burt'emeat. pose, as Securities or Security for aqy Loan or Advance lveretofote made, under the Authority of thftsaid Act*

shall stand and remain as Securities .or. a Security, for the Re-imbursement to such Sureties respectively, their Executors and Administrators, of the Whole of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid andfatisfied

>7

ioaa 0« 137* 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

by them as such Sureties, and shall and may be enforced and rendered avoidable by and under the Authority of the said Commissioners, in like manner and with the fame Force and Effect as by the said Act is provided for the Purpose of recovering Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money that shall or may be advanced by the said Commissioners upon the Security of such Mortgage or Mortgages under and by virtue of the said Act. Three Commis-

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Things, which the said Commissioners are hereby or sioners may act. by the recite(j Act required or empowered to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any Three or more of them j any thing herein or in the said former Acts contained to the contrary notwith* (landing.

Obligations taken

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Obligation to His Majesty, taken by the said Commissioners ky Commis- under this Act, nor any Consent signed by any Sureties or Surety for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, habhTto!Stamp nor any Prom^ory Note to be given to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, as a Security for the Re* l>uty.^payment of the Amount of any such Sum or Sums or Money as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition or Receipt taken or made by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

WE, whose Names arc hereunto subscribed, do hereby severally and respectively consent and agree, That the Bonds already executed by us under an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled " An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited " Amount, for the Purposes and in manner therein mentioned, " as Sureties for A.B. for the Repayment of a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the said A.B. under the said Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall remain and continue as a Security for Repayment of the said Sum of

remaining unpaid on the Loan, with Interest thereon, at the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, at the extended Periods allowed to the said by the Commissioners under

the said Act: And we further consent and agree, that the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to grant to the said the said Extension of time for Payment, either upon the Security already

received for the fame or other Security, as they in their Discretion shall think fit to accept, either for the Whole of the Money remaining due on the said Loan, or upon such Loan separated and divided into such Parts, at shall be allowed by the said Commissioners.

Dated the Day of

SCHEDULE (B.)

WE Commissioners under an Act of Parliament, passed in the

Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct u the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in Manner therein mentioned, " do hereby grant to until the and no longer, for pro*

curing and tendering to us-good and sufficient new Security or Securities, with Sureties [or, the Consent of

Sureties of the said to remain answerahk as

such Sureties] under an Act, passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled " Ao Act [here insert the Title of this Act'] for the Repayment of the Sum of with Interest, due on a Loan of Exchequer Bills made to the said under the said Act of the Fifty first Year aforesaid; and if the said does not produce the feme

on or before the said Day of the Securities already given

and entered into by the said and his Sureties, will be forthwith put in force foe

recovering the Money due on the said Loan*

Dated the Day of

SCHEDULE (C.)

WHEREAS the Sum of was advanced to in Exchequer Bills, on certain Conditions, pursuant to an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited u Amount, for the Purposes and in manner therein mentionedAnd whereas the said bath given Security, with Sureties, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of Parliament respecting such Relief as aforesaid, for the Repayment of the said Loans by certain Instalments, payable at certain Periods in such Security [or. Securities] mentioned: And whereas the Sum of

still remains unpaid on the said Loan: And whereas an Application has been made to us the said Commissioners, for an Extension of the time for repaying such Loan: Now We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being of the Commissioners under the said Act, do, in pursuance of the Direc-

tions contained in an Act, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled #< An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act] certify, That we have granted and allowed to the said

the further time [nr, times] for Repayment of the Sum of or the Instalment or Instalments of the said Sum of

[as the case may be] that is to say [recite the Times, and Sums.]

A.D. 1814. 54' GEORGII III. C. 138.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

[20th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have for the Convenience of the f Public caused to be coined or stamped and circulated a large Quantity of Silver Dollars, containing

on the Obverse Side thereof an Impression of His Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Letters,

videlicet " Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex, " and on the Reverse Side thereof the Impression of Britannia, and the following Words and Figures, videlicet €' Five Shillings Dollar Bank of England 1804: " And whereas the said Governor and Company, with the Approbation of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, have also issued and circulated, for the Convenience of the Public, a Quantity of Silver Pieces, denominated

Token/, for the respective Sums of Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Six pence, such Tokens for the

Sum of Three Shillings containing on the Obverse Side thereof an Impression of His Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Letters, videlicet u Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex, " and on the Reverse Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet " Bank Token, 3 Shill." with the Addition of the

Year in which the fame were respectively made and stamped j and such Tokens for the Sum of One Shilling and Six pence, containing the fame Impression, Words and Letters on the Obverse Side thereof, as upon the said Token for Three Shillings, and on the Reverse Side thereof the following Words and Figures, videlicet 4 " Bank Token, is.6b." with the Addition of the Year in which the fame were respectively coined or

stamped: And whereas the said Governor and Company intend to issue and circulate other like Tokens for the respective Sums of Three Shillings and One Shilling and Six pence: And whereas the Circulation of the said Dollars and Tokens has been of great public Utility, but many Instances have occurred in which the fame have been counterfeited, whereby the Public have been greatly defrauded, and the Punishment inflicted

Upon Persons convicted of counterfeiting and uttering the fame has been found inadequate to prevent such«Offences For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, make, coin or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the making, coining or counterfeiting any Coin, Medal or Device whatsoever, resembling or made with Intent to resemble, or look like the said Dollars or Tokens, or any of them, or to pass as such, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, if any Person shall utter, offer or tender in Payment, or fell or give in Exchange, or pay or put off to any Person or Persons, any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, and shall either on the same Day or within the Space of Ten Days then next afterwards, utter, offer or tender in Payment, or fell or give in Exchange, or pay or put off any more or other such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, to the same Person or Persons, or to any other Person or Persons, or shall at the time of such first uttering, offering, tendering in Payment, felling or giving in Exchange, paying or putting off, have in his or her Custody or Possession, one or more such counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, or any Piece or Pieces of counterfeit Money whatsoever, besides what was or were so uttered, offered, tendered in Payment, fold, given in Exchange, paid or put off, then such Person so uttering, offering, tendering in Payment, felling or giving in Exchange, paying or putting off the fame, shall be deemed and taken to be a Common Utterer of such counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, and being thereof convicted shall suffer One .Year's Imprisonment, and shall find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for Two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said Year; and if any Person having been Once so convicted as a Common Utterer of such counterfeit Dollars or Tokens shall afterwards again utter, offer or tender in Payment, fell or give in Exchange, pay or put off, any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, tony Person or Persons, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, then such Person, being thereof convicted, shall, for such Second Offence, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

III. And be it hereby further enacted, That if any Person, being out of Prison, shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, commit any of the Offences aforesaid, and shall afterwards discover Two or more Persons who shall, after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, have committed any of the said Offences, so as such Two or more Persons shall be thereof convicted, such Discoverer shall not be subject or liable to Prosecution for any of the said Offences which he may have previously committed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of uttering, offering* tendering in Payment, felling or giving in Exchange, paying or putting off any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, District or Place, the Clerk of the Assize or the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, District or Place where such Conviction was so had, shall at the Request of the Prosecutoror any other Person on His Majesty's Behalf, certify the fame by a Transcript in a few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction,

8 for

1023

Counterfeiting»Bank Token*.

Transportation*

Putting off Counterfeit Tokens*

First Offence.

Second Offence*

Persons guilty discovering Offenders not liable to Prosecution.

Certificate of Odnvi&on in other County sufficient Proof

1024

Fee.

Persons engraving Plate, &c. Impression taken from which shall rife mble Bank Notes, or utter any Paper rc-femhlii>g Notes.

Transportation.

To what Paper alb not uy apply.

Buries on' Stone Bottles.

Buries.

Duties foe pi eater or less Quantity than a Cwt. Importer* of Stone Bottles to make Entry.

13 & 14 Car. a.

c. II.

C. 13'8, 139. $2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1814.

for which Certificate Two Shillings and Six pence and no more shall be paid, and such Certificate being produced in Court, shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction.

4 V. And whereas divers Frauds have been pra&ifed by making and publishing Papers with certain Words f and Characters so nearly resembling the Notes and Bills of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as to appear to iguorant and unwary Persons to be the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and9 Company For the Prevention whereof, be it enacted, That if any Person, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall engrave, cut, etch, (crape, or by any other Means or Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Means or 'Device made, or shall knowingly aid or afltfl in the engraving, cutting, etching, feraping, or by any other Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brass, Steel, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon Wood or any other Materials, or upon any Plate whatsoever, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters, the Impression taken from which shall refembie orbe apparently intended to refembie the Whole or any Part of any of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company commonly called Bank Notes and Bank Poll Bills, or shall contain any Word, Number, Figure or Character in White on a black, fable or dark Ground, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from the said Governor and Company, to be produced and proved by the Party atcufed, or shall (without such Authority as aforesaid) use any such Plate, Wood or other Material so engraved, cut, etched, feraped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall use any other Instrument or Device for the making or printing upon any Paper or other Material, any Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters, which shall be apparently intended to refembie the Whole or any Part of any of the said Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company, or any Word, Number, Figure or Character in White on a black, fable or dark Ground; or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, (without such Authority as aforesaid) knowingly have in his, her or their Custody, any such Plate, Instrument or Device, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter, publish or dispose of or put away any Paper or other Material containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Chara&ert as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wittingly have in his, her or their Custody or Pbflfelfion, any Paper or other Material containing any such Word or Words, Figure or Figures, Character or Characters as aforesaid, (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused) every Person so offendingm any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, add shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall apply tt> any Paper or Writing whatsoever (other than Papers or Writings resembling such Notes or Bills as aforesaid) containing an Impfession from any Plate or Plates, or Other Device whatsoever, with White Letters upon black, fabfc or dark Ground, which shall previous to the passing of this Act have been in the Custody of any Person or Persons whatsoever.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported into Great Britain.

[22d July 1812.]

Most Graeious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Comtaons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland m Parliament assembled, thinking it expedient to grant the Duties herein after mentioned towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making m Addition to thefPublic Revenue of Great Britain, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, his Heir6 and Successors, the several Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, for and in respect of Stone Bottles; that ii to say.

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excise of Two Shillings and Six pence:

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure imported from any other Place beyond the Seas, an Excise Duty of Two Shillings and Six pence:

And for every Hundred Weight of Stones Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure made in Great Britain, Two Shillings and Six pence.

II. And be it further etta&ed, That the said Duties, and also the Drawbacks granted by this Act, dull in every «afe be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion and after the fame Rite to any greater or less Quantity than a Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles.

III. And be it further enacted, That within TWCTUy Days next after the Master or Purser for that Vopge of the Ship or Vessel wherein any such StOne Bottles shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, shall hive Or ought to have made a jnft and true Entry-or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Diretftions of an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Ftande and regulating Abuja in His Majesty's Customs, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or importers, Conftgoec or Configaeesof any

10* such

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 139. 1025

such Stone Bottles, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excise in the Port or Place where such Stone'Bottles shall be so imported, of all such Stone Bottles on board of such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, and shall then and before the landing of any such Stone Bottles satisfy and pay the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect thereof, and shall also within such Twenty Days land all such Stone Bottles, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect or Penalty. Refusal to make due Entry of such Stone Bottles, or to pay the Duty for or in respect thereof, or to land the fame according to the Directions of this Act, all such Stone Bottles on board such Ship orfyeffel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of the fame, io neglecting or refusing, and which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles before he, she or Makers of Stone they shall presume to make or manufacture any Stone Bottles, shall make a true and particular Entry in Bottles to make Writing of every House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room and Place by him, her or them respectively made use of or intended to be made use of for or in the wetting, softening, grinding, prc-paring, mixing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials commonly used or employed, or fit or proper to be made use of or employed for or in the making or manufacturing of Stone Bottles, or for or in the making or manufacturing, hardening, drying, baking, burning or laying or keeping of any such Bottles at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or Place respectively shall be situate; and all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall also make a true and particular Entry in Writing of every Cone, Kiln, Stove, Vat, Cistern,

Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil by him, her or them kept or made use of, or intended to be made use of for or in the making, manufacturing, turning, hardening, drying, baking or burning of any such Bottles at the Office of Excise, within the Compass 6r Limits whereof such Cone,

Kiln, Stove, Oven* Vat, Cistern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil respectively shall be situate, kept or made use of respectively 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles ^ot n, a*t5nf shall make use of any House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or Place for or in niry* the wetting, softening, grinding, preparing, mixing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials commonly ufea or employed or fit or proper to be made use of or employed for or in the making or manufacturing of Stone Bottles, or for or in the making, manufacturing, hardening, drying, baking, burning, laying or keeping of any such Bottles without having made thereof such Entiy as in that Behalf, aforesaid, or shall maid? use of any Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat, Cistern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil for on in the making, manufacturing, turning, hardening, drying, baking, .burning or glazing of any Stone Bottles without having made thereof such Entry as in that Behalf aforesaid, the Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all the Stone Bottles and other Material and Materials aforesaid, which Penalty, shall at any time be found in any such House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or Place, or jn, or on any such Cone, Kiln, Stove, Oven, Vat, Cittern, Vessel or Utensil respectively, whereof no such Entry as is in that Behalf aforesaid shall be made, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of I>uties under Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the ^°nVffl, oncri time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the 0 XCI c* Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or Officers to enter either of them, from time to time, and at all times between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Eleven at Mi"«r*of°Stone'-Night* without the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, and between the Hours of Boitles and take

Eleven at Night and Five in the Morning, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Account of Peace, to enter into all and every the Houses, Workhouses, Millhouses, Warehouses, Sheds, Shops, Rooms and Weight, &c. Other Places entered or made use of by any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles for or in the making, minu-fa&uring, hardening, drying, baking, burning, laying or keeping of any Stone Bottles, or for or in the wetting, softening, grinding, preparing or keeping of any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials commonly used or employed, or fit or proper to be made use of or employed in the making or manufacturing of Stone Bottles, and by weighing, tale or otherwise, as to such Officer or Officers shall teem meet, to take an Account of the Weights, Kinds and Quantities of the Stone Bottles which shall have been made, manufactured, hardened, dried, baked, burnt or be found in the Custody or Possession of such Maker of Stone Bottles from time to time.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles being desirous to Notice given to

a or deposit any Stone Bottles in any Kiln, Stove or Oven for the Purpose of baking or burning the fame, Officers before by the Space of Six Hours next before the Beginning to put or deposit any such Stone Bottles into or of Stone

in any such Kiln, Stove or Oven, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then gj*"*0 be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying in such Notice the particular Kiln,

Stove or Oven into or in which such Stone Bottles are intended to be put or deposited, and the particular Time and Hour at which it is intended so to put or deposit the fame; and if any such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall neglect or refuse to begin to put and deposit such Stone Bottles specified in such Notice in the Kiln, Stove or Oven also specified in such Notice within One Hour after the time therein in that Behalf mentioned, then such Notice shall be void, and such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall give the like and aHFrefh Notice in Writing to such Officer before he, she or they shall put or deposit any Stone Bottles in any futh.

]£iln, Stove or Oven 5 and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles fhpJl put or deposit any Stone Bottles into 52 Geo. III. 6Q or

1026 C. 139.

52° GEO&CTI 1H.

A.D. 18.12.

Penalty. Declaration of Number, Size, fee. of Stone Bottles delivered

dec.

or in any Kiln, Stoveor Oven'without having.given such previous Notice as in that Behalf .aforesaid, he, fcor they shall, for every such O(Fence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any maker or Makers of Stone Jhittlcs'shall begki: torckfe or flop up any Kiln, Stove or Oven containing any Stone Bottles, he, she or they shall deliver to the proper Officer of Excise a Declaration in Writing, speeifying the true Numbers of the Stone Butties of each particu-^Offic^before ^ar Sort, Kind or Denomination; that is to say, the Names by which the Stone Bottles oforach rparticu-Hopping up Kiln, ^ar Sort or Kind are commonly called or known, with the reputed Measurof fuuh Stone Bottles of each particular Size, and the Number thereof respectively put, said or deposited and contained m each and every such Kiln, Stove and Oven respectively; and if any Maker or Makers of Stone Buttles shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Declaration, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every fitch Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always nevertheless, that no : Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall incur or be liable to the said lad mentioned Penalty for or by reason of any Declaration by him, her or them delivered, as and for such Declaration as aforesaid, not fptsnfying the; tvue Numbers ofrtbe 8tone Lotties of any particular Size, Sort, Kind or Denomination respectively laid, put, pbced or depofi ted and contained in any such Kiln, Stave or Oven, provided the Number of the Stone Bottles of that particular Kinder Denomination respectively specified in such Declaration so delivered shall not vary more than at and after the Rate of Five perCentum from the true Numbers of the Stone Bottles of such particular Size, Sort er Kind respectively laid, put, placed or deposited and contained in such Kiln, Stove or Oven; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when any fl/faker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall be desirous to pre-

Penalty,

Makers to give Notice for light-

ing Fires^o'heat Pare> light or kindle any Fire to heat his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven into which any Steue Bottles are Kilns, &c. intended to be put or deposited for the Purpose of baking or burning the fame, such Maker or Makers

give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then Be, Six Hours Noticein Writing^of his, her or their Intention so to do: Provided always nevertheless, thnt no Maker or Makers of ifttone

Bottles shall be at Liberty to light or kindle any Fire for the Purpose .aforesaid, or to heat any such Kiln, Stove or Oven for that or any other Puupose till after the Expiration of One Hour, to be computed and reckoned from the time when the putting or depositing of the Stone Bottles shall be finished; sod if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall light or kindle any Fire for the Purpose afewefeid, or to heat any such Kiln, Stove or Oven, for that or any other Purpose till after the Expiration of One Hour, to be computed and reckoned as aforesaid, the Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall neglect or refuse to prepare, light and kindle such Fire within One Hour after the time mentioned, then such Notice shall be void, and such Maker or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing tofoch Officer before he, she or they shall prepare, kindle or light, any Fire in or under any such Kiln, Stove or Oven; and if any fudh Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall light or kindle a Fire in any such Kiln, Stove or Oven, without having given such previous Notice as aforesaid, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall, and he, ffieaod they is and are hereby required, at his and their own Expences, to find and provide, or erefifc, build, make and construct a good, sufficient and convenient weighing Room in or adjoining to each Kiln, Stove and Oven by him, her or them made use of for the burning of Stone Bottles.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to -keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he,

and Weights, ^, (he or they shall make or manufacture Stone Bottles, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame for the Purpose of weighing and takingan Account of, and reweighing, the Stone Bottles which shall at any time be made pr manufactured by or be in the Possession of such Maker or Makers f and if wiy Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights or-either of rhevn, or<h»l not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fiune^ or any of them, such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such OfFpnce, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makei 8 of Stone Bottles shall in the weighing or reweighing of any Stone Bottles make use off, orcaofeor F-lfe Scales, Sec. procure or suffer to be made use of any false, unjust or mfufficieik Scales or Weights, or shall practice any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any Inch Officer shall or may be prevented or hindered from or delayed in taking the just and true Weight of any such Stone Bottles, then and in every such case such Maker or Makers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred rounds, and all such ffaMe, unjtift or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles befog defiroo* to draw or take any Stone Bodies from or out of any Kiln, Stove or Oven to him, her or them belonging, shall by the .Space of Twelve Hours next before the beginning to draw or take any such Stone Bottles Crain or oirt of any such Kiln, Stove or Oven given to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying the particular Kiln, Stove or Oven from or oni of which such Stone Bottles are intended to be drawn or taken, and the particular Time and Hour at which k is intended to be given, to draw or take the fame from or out of such Kiln, Stoye or Oven; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend at the time mentioned in such Noticr, fuph Maker or Makers shall, when and so (bon as such Officer or Officers shall so attend, immediately and with a proper and sufficient Number of his, her and their Workmen or others begin to draw and take such Sun*e ppttjes from and pot of such Kilo# Stove or Oven, and flrnfl without any unnecessary Delay or Inter-

£ ruption.

Penalty. Freih Notice.

Penalty. Makers to provide Weighing Room.

Makers required to keep Scales

[Penalty.]

Penalty,

MiVers to give Notice to .Officer before ^drawiqg any Store Ballet from Kiln,c.

A.D. 18*12. 5 2f GEORGII III. C. r39* 102

ruption, at*d with all doe Diligence and DHpatch, and with a proper and suffictcnt Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, proceed and continue in such drawing and taking of fetch Stone Bottles from and ovrt of stich Kiln, Stove or Oven, until the whole of such Stone Bottles shall be drawn and taken from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven respectively; and all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles Stone Bottle* shall, when and so soon as any Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure shall be drawn or taken* from when drawn or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven, remove, carry and convey, or cause the fame and every Part Room

thereof to be removed, carried and' conveyed directly into the said weighing Room, and shall Forthwith lay, anf[ fnfyitted place, put and deposit, or cause or procure the lame and every Part thereof to be- laid, put, placed or and weighed* deposited in the said weighing Room, and shall forthwith lay, put and place the fame in the said weighing Room, in such Maimer and Form that all the said last mentioned Stone Bottles may* so far as the nature of the case will admit, be the most easily and satisfedorily viewed, inspected and examined, and the Numbers of the several Sizes, Sorts, Kinds and Denominations of such last mentioned Stone Bottles respectively be judged of and ascertained by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Maker or Makers shall immediately on the whole of such last mentioned Stone Bottles being so removed, carried and conveyed into the said weighing Room, and put and placed as aforesaid, ami if the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall then be in Attendance, and if not, then on being required by such Officer or Officers so to do, proceed to weigh, and shall weigh the whole and every Part of such last mentioned Stone Bottles in the said weighing Room with such Scales and Weights as aforesaid, in the Prefeuce of such Officer; and such Maker or Makers shall be charged with and pay the Duty for and in respect of all such last mentioned Stone Bottles as are unbroken, accord ng to fv.ch Weight; and if any such Maker or Makers having given such Notice, and begun to draw Maker* or take any such Stone Bottles from or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven, shall not, if any Officer neglecting, or Officers of Excise shall so attend at the Time specified in such Notice, without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, and with a proper and sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, proceed and continue in such drawing and taking of such Stoue Bottles from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven until the whole of such Stone Bottles shall be drawn and taken from and out of such Kiln, Stove or Oven respectively; or if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall not, a* his, her or their Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure shall be drawn or taken from or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven respectively, remove, carry and convey the fame and every Part thereof, or cause the fame and every Part thereof to be removed, carried and conveyed directly into the said weighing Room, or shall not lay, put, plaee and deposit, or cause or procure the fame or any Part thereof to be laid, pnt, placed or deposited in the said weighing Room, or shall not forthwith lay, put and place the fame or any Part thereof in the said weighing Room in such Manner and Form as is hereinbefore in that Behalf directed and required, or if such Maker or Makers shall not proceed to weigh, and weigh the Whole and every Part of such last mentioned Stone Bottles as hereinbefore in that Behalf directed and required, every such Maker and Makers so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Penalty,

Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall neglect or refuse to begin to draw or take his, her or their Stone Bottles from or out of his, her or their Kiln, Stove or Oven immediately at the time mentioned in such Notice, or within One Hour after that time, such Notice shall be void, and such Mike* or Makers shall give the like- and a fresh Notice in Writing'to such Officer: Provided always, that no Maker or Makers of Stone g Bottles shall be at Liberty to give any such Notice to draw or take any Stone Bottles from or out of any f0r Dewing Kiln, Stove or Oven to him; her or them'belonging, except in the Day time, and that between the Hours of regulated.

Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, and that every Notice given for the drawing or taking any such Stone Bottles from or out of any Kiln, Stove or Oven at any Hour or Time other than 111 the Day-time, and that between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Sixrin the Afternoon, shall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents ^nd Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. Provided also, and be.it further enacted, That in the weighing*as aforesaid of any such Stone< Allowance fn Bottles the Turn of the Scatashall ho*given in Favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed Turn of Sod*-to such Miker and Makers One Pound Weight upon each and evevy One hundred Pounds of such Stone

Bottles so* weighed;

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Stone - Bottles chargeable with the said Duties»by this Act Stone Bottbs

imposed, or any of them, shall be from time to time weighed, taken an Account of, and charged with the charsed w5th said Duties by the proper Officer of Excise when and so soon as the same shall be baked or burned; and

if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or his, her or thoir Workmen or Servants, or other Person or owtrufling Persons, shall molefb* hinder or obstruct any Officer of Excise in weighing or taking an Account of such officers.

Stone- Bottles, he, she or they shall, for each and every such Oflencey forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Penalty. Founds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of StOJie Bottles, whose Stone Stone Bottles r#>.

Betties not exceeding Two Quarts Measure shall have been'weighed by any-Officer or Officers of Excise, V1*!.

shall, for the full Space of Six Hours after the fame-shall have been so weighed, keep and continue such remove* ihem"^ Stone Bottles-in the said weighing Room, and in the same State «and"Portion in which the fame we*,; left by from Weighing the surveying Officer unl^fs the same shall have been f ooner re weighed by the respective Surveyors or Surper- Room for Si* viforsof Eicifo, to the End that-the said Surveyors or- Supewiforerespectively ir&y have an Opportunity to Hour*, weigh or reweigh the fame; and thd* said respectiive Surveyors or Supervifort are hereby authorized and: empowered to weigh or reweigh alPfuch Stone Bottles; and if upon the*Reweighing thereof any additional

Weight shall be di(coveredor found, such additional Weight^of Stone Bottles shall be chargeable and charged with th* refoe^five Duties by this Actricnposed for such Stone-Bottles respectnrely 5 and if any such Maker ot Makers ^U'negk&wrefaix fesdkeep-opconttiiocaay such StontBoulecwhich shallhare been wtigtad by the

6 Q^a proper

1028

[Penalty.]

Makers, Arc. to aililt Otliceis in weighing, 3c c.

[Penalty.]

Makers removing Bottles from Kibs, &c. before weighed.

Penalty. Stone Bottles not weighed kept 1'eparate.

[Penalty.]

Makers to make Entry every Six Weeks of Stone Bottles

manufacture-d.

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

Makers to clear offDuties within Six Weeks after time of Entry.

[Penalty.]

Officers may take Samples of Stone Bottles.

[Penalty.]

Stone B ttles concealed forfeited with Packace, Sec.

[Penalty.]

Sufpcfled Places Searched.

C. 139. 52° GEORGII III..A.O.1812.

proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or shall remove or convey, or cause or procure Or suffer to be removed or conveyed from or out of such weighing Room as aforesaid, any Stone Bottles before the End or Expiration of Six Hours next after the same shall nave been so weighed as aforesaid by the proper Officer of Excise, unless the same shall have been sooner reweighed by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall, and so often as he, she or they shall be thereunto required by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, or by the respective Surveyor or Surveyors, or Supervisor or Supervisors of Excise, with a proper and sufficient Number of his, her or their Workmen or Servants, aid and affiH to the utmost of his, her or their Power such Officer or Officers, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or Supervisor or Supervisors in weighing and taking an Account, or in reweighing and taking an Account of all Stone Bottles of such Maker or Makers, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall convey away Stone Bottle or Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure from any Kiln, Stove or Oven before the proper Officer of Excise shall have weighed the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such Stone Bottles to such Officer that he may weigh the fame according to the Directions of this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently deposit, hide or conceal any such Stone Bottle or Stone Bottles with Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this Act imposed, all and every such Maker or Makers or other Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall from time to time and at all times keep all Stone Bottles in his, her or their Custody or Possession, and which shall not have been weighed by the Officer of Excise according to the Directions of this Act, fepatate and apart from all Stone Bottles which shall have been weighed by such Officer or Officers, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall once in every Six Weeks make a true Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof such Stooe Bottles shall be made or manufactured of all the Stone Bottles not exceeding Two Quarts Measure by him, her or them made or manufactured within such Six Weeks respectively, and such Entries shall contain the tme Numbers and Sorts or Kinds of the said Stone Bottles, with the reputed Measures of each particular Sort, Kind or Denomination of such Stone Bottles, with the aggregate Weight of the total Number of such Stone Bottles of each such Sort, Kind or Denomination by such Maker or Makers so made or manufactured within such Six Weeks, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect to make such Entry the Sum of One hundred Pounds#; which Entry shall be verified upon Oath by the Maker or Makers by or for whom such Stone Bottles respectively shall have been made or manufactured, or his, her or their Chief Workman or Servant employed in making or manufiduring the fame: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Maker or Makers (nailbe obliged to go further than the Market Town next to the Place where such Stone Bottles respectively shall be made for the making of any such Entry as aforesaid; which Oaths shall and may be administered by the proper Collector, Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise without any Fee or Charge for administering the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Stone Bottles shall from time to time within Six Weeks after he, she or they shall make or ought to have made such Entry of such Stone Bottles respectively by him, her or them made or manufactured as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties of Excise for all such Stone Bottles by or for him, her or them respectively made or manufactured, upon Pain of forfeiting Double the Amount of such Duties.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, and all such Officers are hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or times a Sample or Samples of any Stone Bottles or other Earthen Ware, either baked or unbaked, or burnt or unburnt, at any time in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, paying for the same, if demanded, the Value or wholesale Price thereof; and in case any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his, her or their tendering such Price for the fame (if demanded) such Maker or Makers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Stone Bottles shall be deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties by this Act imposed, all such Stone Bottles shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame respectively, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and, the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Stone Bottles so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have Cause to suspect that any such Stone Bottles shall be so deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in every such case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, or any Two or more of them, or before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty where such Place or Places shall be in any Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Division or Place where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be depo-

9 # sited

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 139. 1029

sited, hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night (but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) to enter into all and every such Place and Places where he or they shall so suspect such Stone Bottles to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Stone Bottles which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles shall for the making. Makers making manufacturing, hardening, drying, baking, burning, laying or keeping of any Stone Bottles, make use of any l, Je of concealed private or concealed Cone, Kiln, Stove or Oven, or any private or concealed Vat, Cistern, Mill, Lathe, 1 acc*

Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Utensil or Place what foe ver, other than his, her or their known Cone or Cones, Kiln or Kilns, Stove or Stoves, Oven or Ovens, Vat or Vats, Cistern or Cisterns, Mill or Mills,

Lathe or Lathes, Trundle or Trundles, or other Machine or Machines, Implement or Implements, Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils, or Place or Places entered for that Purpose, all and every such Maker or Makers penaw shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofethe Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Eottle made of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Stone Bottle* Clay, the Mouth or Orifice of which shall not exceed in Diameter the Diameter of the Neck thereof by more described. than One Quarter of an Inch, and which shall not exceed Two Quarts in Measure, and no other, shall be

deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of this ACT

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of any Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, Drawback al-

or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, for and in respect whereof the Duties by this Act imposed Jo^edQnExport-shall have been paid, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Ulands of Faro and Ferro, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions for or in respect of the Exportation of Glass, in order to obtain the Drawback, so far as the fame can or may be applied thereto, contained, provided, settled or established in and by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty6 O. 3. c. 77. King George the Third, among other things u for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties 4' under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, , there shall be paid and allowed an Excise Drawback of Two Shillings and Six pence for every Hundred Weight, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Stone Bottles; and all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions shall be used, applied and put in Execution for and in respect of any such Stone Bottles, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions had been repeated in the Body of this Act, and been thereby re-enacted for and in respect of and made applicable to the Exportation of such Stone Bottles, in order to obtain the Drawback by this Act granted or allowed, save and except that in lieu and instead of the Oath required by the said Act, that the Exporter believes the °at

Duties on the Materials have been fully paid, the Exporter shall make Oath that he believes that the Duties by this Act imposed had been fully paid for or in respect of such Bottles so to be exported.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Stone Bottles and all the Materials and Implements and Stone Bottle* Utensils for the making thereof in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Stone Bottles, or of ^1le ICr any Person or Persons to the Use of or in Trust for any such Maker or Makers, shall be liable and subject to Duties?*and the fame respectively are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Stone Bottles made or manufactured, in Arrear and owing by such Maker or Makers for any Stone Bottles made by him, her or them, or in his, her or their House, Workhouse, Millhouse, Warehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or other Place, apd shall also be subject and liable to satisfy all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers or other Person or Persons uGng such House, Workhouse, Millhouse, tVarehouse, Shed, Shop, Room or other Place, for any Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such Debts,

Duties and Penalties on such Stone Bottles, Materials and Utensils, or any of them, and to use such Proceedings as may be lawfully done in relation to Stone Bottles, in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true and lawful Owners of the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, being a M«iker or Makers of Makers not to

Stone Bottles, or who is or shall be in any wise interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of making, n

inanufaduring o^ dealing in Stone Bottles, shall, during such time as he or they shall be so interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of making, manufacturing or dealing in Stone Bottles, ad as a Justice of the peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever which shall in any wise concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Act 5 and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, presume to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or do any Ad hereby authorized to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Acts so executed or done by such Person or Persons shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, resist, oppose, Obstruction mole ft, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Officer*. Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence

after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Stone Bottles, or any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials aforesaid, or any Vat, Cistern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil aforesaid, as forfeited by virtue of this Act, refeue or cause to be refeued any such Stone Bottles, or any Clay, Earth or other Material or Materials aforesaid, or any Vat, Cistern, Mill, Lathe, Trundle or other Machine, Implement, Vessel or Utensil aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such Person

lio^o C.i 39, 140.

52 GEORGII III.

A.D-. 1812.

[Penalty.]

Offering Bribes 0 Officers.

[Penalty.]

Perjury.

Penalties how levied.

Money paid into Exchequer.

Separate Account of Duty kept.

42 G. 3. c. 70.

Powers of J % Car. a. c. 24. c.

Commencement

MA&.

Person or Persons so offending {Hall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit andlofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further rnafted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Rccompenee or Reward whatsoever to any Officer or Officers of Excise, in order to corrupt, perfoadc or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act* or to neglect or omit to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever belonging or appertaining to the Business or Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to any of the Duties by this Act impoftd, or not to discover the fame, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence (whether such Offer or Proposal be accepted or not) forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any case in which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Pains dod Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiturt may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover orfue for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arffing by the Duties by this Act imposed, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called the Consolidated Fund.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty*Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, canle a separate and distinct Account of the Duty of Excise granted by this Act to be prepared and annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to a* Act passed in the Forty second Year oft he- Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directtng certain Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for drfeontinuing other Forms of Accounts now in use, and the Monies arising from, the said Duties shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed iir the present Session of Parliament.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted* Thht alt and every the Powers, Directiont, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the R6ignof King Charles the Second* intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in-Capite, and by, Knights Service and 'Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty, in lieu thereof or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise are provided or established for managing, raising, levying# collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby imposed or any of them, (htill be practised* used and put in Execution in and for the managing, raffing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties of Excise by this, Aftiraposed, and for preventing, detesting and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if 3lland every the said Powers, Rules, Efireftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were partica. larly repeated and re^enacted in this present Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Mattm and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directedor provided, from and immediately after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred-and twelve.

CAP. CXL.

An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Articles to thei 1JU of Msm tvom Gn&Britain*

[izd July itoa.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in- force, certain* Quantities of Wifce# Brandy, Geneva, Rum,

Tea, Coffee or Tobacco, are allowed to be exported- from Great Britain^ by Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs, and imported into the Port of Douglafr in the Lfte of Man* on Payment of A the Duties due on such Importation 1 Andjwhereas it is expedient to permit any such Goods to be so er* ' ported in Vessels not of lefa Burthen than Fifty Tbns, and also to permit* any such Goods- to be shipped* ' directty from the Warehouse in which; they may have beenfecured without the Duties dueon thedmporution into Great Britain being first paidBe it1 therefore enacted by the King's Mfcft Excellent Majesty's brand with the Advice and Consent-of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present W^ne.tcc. ex- parliament affemWed, and by the Authority of the famey That, from and after the Twentieth Day of* Juh of Man°byPort One ^Qufaud e'ght hundred and tweWe/ it-'fhatt'and raaybe^lawfol for any Person or Persons to expore from-0 y m Great Britain to the Pfcrt of Doughfrin the JJkef-M&tttin Britiff&Mv Snips, owned, - navigated and registered according to Law* and not of left<OTrthen*thhn-.nfiyT6ns# any Quantity of Wine* Brandy, Geneve, Rush Tea, Coffee or Tobaaee, whlcb-any such-PdrfOoor Persons may be-authorised-(b*to exporeby \irtueof aay Licence or Licences granted by the Commissioneri of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, in pur.

fuaaoe

fons having JJcence in British-built 4>hips of not less than 30 Ton*.

A.D. 18T12. 530 GEORG! III. C. 140, 141. 1051

fiance of the Powm vested in them by former Acts or this Act; any Law, Custom Or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That smyfuch Goods irifcnded'to be exported to the said Port of E)ouglass Regulations ob-<by-vrrtue of any such Licence, shall and may be taken out of any Warehouse or Warehouses whereinthe fame telve<j n £x-.may have been lodged or secured, for the Purpose of being so exported as aforesaid, without Payment of any Portation* ^Duty of Cuistoms or Excise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con (trued to extend to permit the Exportation from 4treat Britain or the Importation into the Isle tf Man of any greater Quantity of any of the said Articles in any Orte Y^ar 'than are now allowed by Law, or to permit any fOch Goods to be exported . from Great Britain, or imported into the ffle of Man, in any other Package than such as are now directed and ^required by Law; and that on the Exportation of any such Goods from Great Britain, and on the Importation -of the fame respectively into the Isle of Man, pursuant to this Act, all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions,

Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force relating to such Formfcr Act* 'Goods respectively so exported or imported, and to the Payment, Recovery and Appropriation of any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture'relating thereto, and all the Clattfes, Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts or Laws in force in relation to the Isle of Man shall, so Far as they'

: are not hereby altered or varied, and in respect of which no other Provision is made by this Act, be and are hereby declared to be in full force, 'and to extend to this Act, and shall be con (trued therewith and as Part 'thereof, io far as the fame respectively apply, as fully as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act,

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to regulate the Mritmer of Ucenfing Boats By the Gomimflioners of the Customs, and the delivering up of Licences in 'Cases of Loss or Capture of Vessels licensed* and for enabling the Commissioners of the Customs to purchase cemin Boots at a Valuation.

-[Md July812/}

WHEREAShy an Act made In the Eighth Yearbf thfe Eeign of His late Majesty King George the

\\ First, intituled An Act to prevent the a afo define running of Goods, and She Danger of Inf: (lion thereby, 8 G, x. c. if.

Mnd io prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and so JbbJeti Copper Ore, of the TroduBion of the British

Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the tike Production are fuljeB; it was,

amongst other Things* enacted, that if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge Or Giilley, rowing or made or § j*

lbuilt to row with more than Four Oars (not belonging to His Majesty Or any of the Royal Family, or not

being a Long Boat, Barge or Pinnace, belonging to or used in the SetviCe of any Merchant Ship or Vessel)

shall be found upon the Water, or in any Place within the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent or Effete, or

in the River of Thames, either above or below London Bridge, or within the Limits of the Port6 of London,

cSandwkh or Ipswich, without a Licence as therein directed, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley,

with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, should be forfeited, and the Owner or Owners

theteof, or any Person using or rowing the fame, should also forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Pounds: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An g. 3. c. 6$,

AB for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for indemnify-

eng Persons who have been guilty of Offences aga'tnf the Laws of the Customs and Exctfe, upon (he Perms therein mentioned, the said in Part recited Act, and the fevetal Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures and Restrictions

therein <comained (not altered by that Act) were extended to all Boats, AYhcrrics, Pinnaces, Barges or Gatl<Y* 'whatever, rowing'or made or buih to i*>W with more than Six Oars, which shall be found either upon the Land or Water, within any Harbour, Port or Place whatever, in any other Part of Great Britain,

or witbm Two Leagues of the Coast thereof; but it was fievertlieless provided, that nothing therein coh*

rained should extend ot be conftroed to extend to Boats commonly called Tow Boats (used in the towing

Ship* or Vessels) belonging to licensed Pilots whhih the Port and Jurisdiction of the City of Bristol: And whereas by Another Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effeSnal Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, Boats belonging in the Whole or in 3. Self

Past to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof Give Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His c. c6. §\*. 4.7,

Majesty, being rowed with, or conftrtifted to row with more than Six Oars, (except Boats employed in the Whafe Fishenes, or belonging to Merchant Ships or Vessels exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred and fifty TWs, or Life Boats, or Boats employed solely in Rivers or Inland Navigations) found within the Limits of ny Fort in the United Kingdom, Or in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or else where bn the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any of the Coasts of Great Britain, are subject to Forfeiture,

-with all her Furniture, Tackle ami Apparel, unless such Boats are licensed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, to use more than Six Oars: And whereas it is expedient, in order to check and suppress the illegal and noxious Transactions carried on upon the Coasts of 4; Great Britain by Row Boats, further to require the Owner or Owners of Boats in Great Britain, rowing with mure than Four Oars, to take out Licences in certain cases, for using or navigating such Boats, from the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, as the case may be, and to provide

that no Licences for Boats rowing with mote than Six Oars shall in future be granted, except as herein

-mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, afld Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

1032 C.i4i»

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

&c. of certain Description, found Mrithiti Limit* wvmMonrd, un-L*is Owner* have obtained Licence, forfeited.

To what Boats, dec not to extend.

Authority of the same, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, being rowed with, or made or built or constru£ted to row with more than Four Oars, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty* Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, shall, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be found within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain, or in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits or Didance, the Owner or Owners of which shall not have obtained a Licence for using or navigating such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, as the case may be, or from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, prior to the passing of the before recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 every such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with her Tackle and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, belonging to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or in the Service of Government, or in the Employment of the Customs or Excise, or to any'Long Boat, Yawl, Pinnace or other Boat belonging to any square-rigged Ship or Vessel employed in the Merchants Service, or to any other Merchant Ship or Vessel exceeding the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, not otherwise requiring a Licence for the Use thereof, or to any Boat employed in the Whale Fisheries, or to any Life Boat or any Tow Boat used in the towing Ships or Vessels belonging to licensed Pilots within the Port and Jurisdiction of the City of BriJloU or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley employed solely in Rivers or Inland Navigation.

II. And be it further enacted, That each and every Licence which may be granted by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland for any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace* Barge or Galley, row-ing with Six Oars or otherwise, requiring Licence, from and after the Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, shall contain the proper Description thereof, the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, together with his1 or their Place or Places of Abode, and in what manner intended to be employed, together with any other Particulars which may be required by the said Commissioners respectively, to be described and inserted in such manner as the said Commissioners may respectively think proper to require and direct; and the Owner or Owners thereof shall also give Security by Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, agreeably to the Dine&ions of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisons 46 G. 3. c. 137. Qj Qn made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to he warehoujtd in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to he given by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by the Masters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty, on Failure whereof the Licence shall be void and of no Force or Effect 5 and such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall be liable to Seizure and Profc* cution in the same manner as if no such Licence had been granted for the same.

III. And be it f the Commissioners

Boat belonging i

L'fences granted by Commissionn-rs of Cuf-totm what to c main.

B^nd given on obraining Licences,

Licences not

pl anted for

Ba.tsconflru&ed constructed to

to row with more Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found PeuaIrX°ai8 within the Limits of any Port in Great Britain, or in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere

CU on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, such

Boat not having been licensed previous to the passing of this Act shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise 5 and every such Officer and Officers may and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to arrest and detain every Person being a Seaman or Sea-faring Man found on board any such Boat (not being a Passenger on board) and to convey him to any Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Service, or to the Custody of any Officer employed in His Majesty* Impress Service; and any Person being such Seaman or Sea-faring Man may thereupon, if fit and able tofenre His Majesty, be imprefied into His Majesty's Naval Service, and shall continue to ierve therein fur the Period and under the Regulations mentioned in the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of Hi's said Majesty; Allowance to an<^for t^ie kid Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to

Officer* on direct the Officer or Officers, by whom the Persons so found on board any such Boat shall have been detained,

mskieg Seizures, to be paid any Sum notlefa than Five Pounds, and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, for each Man so detained Wha; Tow and an^ inipressed into His Majesty's Service: Provided, that nothing hereinbefore contained, as to Boat! rowing with more than Six Oars, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Boat or Boats commonly called Tow Boats, used in the towing Ships and Vessels belonging to licensed Pilots within the Port and Jurisdiction of the City of Bristol, or to any Boats employed in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to any Boat employed in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or belonging to His fty, or to any of the Royal Family, or to any Life Boat, or any Boat used solely in Rivers or Inland Navigation, or to any square-rigeed Ship or Vessel employed in the Merchants Service, or to any other Merely, is Ship or Vessel exceeding the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons.

IV. And whereiio it is expedient to make further Provision for compelling the Owners and also the Maften*ol certain licensed Ships'Vessels and Boats loft, broken up, captured, burnt', seized and condemned, fold, o' o*herwiib dispoieu of, to deliver 'p the Licenses which shall have been granted for the fame, within a 4 short w-TM than .it prefen: provided; Be it therefore tna&ed, That, from and after the Thirty first Day c t .// Oi.e T.hoah. .1 ei^hl hundred .md twelve, whenever any licensed Boat of any Description whatever, (n 1 b iu; nng toaT: ) Smp or Veil'd, and being under the Burtnen of Fifteen Tons) shall be loft, broken up,

captured,

other Boats not affected.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 141.

captured, burnt, seized and condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed of, the Licence which shall have been granted for the same shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Boat shall Delong, within Six Weeks from the time such Boat shall be so loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed of 5 or in case of the said Licence being loft or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof thereof on Oath shall be within the same Period made before the Collector or Controller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer; and in case such Licence shall not be produced and so delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within such Period as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Boat shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Thirty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, whenever any licensed Ship or Vessel exceeding Fifteen Tons Burthen shall be loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and condemned, (old, or otherwise disposed of, the Licence which shall have been granted for the fame shall, in case the Ship or Vessel was licensed for the Coasting or Fishing Trade only, be delivered up to the CollectoT of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Period of Two Months from the time such Ship or Vessel shall be so disposed of; or in case the Ship or Vessel was licensed for trading to Parts beyond the Seas, then the said Licence shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, within the Period of One Calendar Month from the time when the loss, burning, capturing, breaking up, seizing or condemning of such Ship or Vessel, shall come to the Knowledge of the Owner thereof; or in case the Licence shall have been loft, or taken by the Enemy, satisfactory Proof thereof on Oath shall be made within the same Periods respectively, before the Collector and Controller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer; and in case the Licence shall not be produced, and so delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within the said Periods respectively, the Owner or Owners, and also the Master of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, if of the Burthen of Fifteen Tons and under the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, and One hundred Pounds, if of the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons or upwards: Provided always, that all Licences required under any of the Provisions of this A £1 shall be granted without any Stamp, Fee or Reward, or any Payment whatever by the Person requiring the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if the Owner or Owners, or Master of any licensed Ship1 Vessel or Boat, loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized and condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed of, shall, prior to or after such Disposal of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, knowingly make use of the Licence granted for the fame, in order to protect from Seizure and Prosecution any other Ship, Vessel or Boat; or if the Owner or Owners, or Master of any Ship, Vessel or Boat whatever, licensed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, shall make use of such Licence for any other Ship, Vessel or Boat, than that for which the fame was granted, such Owner or Owners, and also the Master knowing thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorized, whenever it may appear expedient so to do, to purchase any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, rowing or made or built to row with more than Six Oars, which may have been licensed previous to the passing of this Act; and the Owner and Owners of every such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to sell and dispose of his or their Interest therein to the said Commissioners respectively, at a fair Valuation, to be ascertained by the Oaths of Two disinterested and indifferent Persons (killed in the Value of small Vessels, or Craft of the like Description, one of such Persons to be nominated by the said Commissioners respectively, and the other by the Owner or Owners of the Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley intended to be purchased; and in case of Disagreement as to the Value, the Persons so nominated shall call in a Third disinterested and indifferent Person; such Two Persons and such Third Person to be paid any Sum which may be teasonable by the Owner of such Boat or other Vessel, and by the said Commissioners, in equal Moieties, and the Determination as to the Value of any Two such Persons, or of such Third Person so called in, shall be binding and conclusive Upon all Parties; and after Payment being made to the Owner or Owners of the Sum so ascertained to be the Value of such Boat, Wherry', Pinnace, Barge or Galley, the Property shall vest in His Majesty 5 and the Owner or Owners shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley to any Officer or Officers of the Custom9 appointed to receive the same by the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners respectively; or in case of Refusal on the Part of such Owner or Owners, to receive the Amount of the Purchase Money, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley shall and may be seized and taken Possession of by any such Officer as the Property of His Mzj'fty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioners respectively shall have obtained Possession of any such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, they are hereby authorized and required to tlfe and employ the fame in the Service of the Revenue, or cause the same to be broken up, and the Materials fold, according as in their Judgment it may appear to be the most conducive to the public Service.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Thirty first Day of Augv/l One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in case any open Boat belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, and being of the Length of Thirty Feet and upwards, built or constructed for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of One Foot for every Two Inches of the Width or Breadth of such Boat, to be measured by a straight Line from the Forepart of the Stem to the act Side of the Transum or Stern Post aloft, shall, from and after the said Thirty first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or in any Part of the British or Irish

52 Geo. III. 6 R Channels,

I033

Oath.

[Penalty.]

How Licence* delivered of, or accounted for, if loft.

Oath.

[Penalty.]

Stamp Duty, &c.

Making use of Licence improperly in protecting Vessels from Seizure.

[Penalty.]

Boat* with mart than Six Oars, licensed previous to passing of Alt, purchased by Commissioners of Customs. Value of Boats how ascertained.

Boats purchased employed in Setvite ot Revenue, &c.

Boats construded for rowing or failing, of Length of 30 Feet or upwards, &c. found withia certain Limits forfeited.

*°34

But riol to extend to certain Boats mentioned.

47 C. 3. s«r. 2. c. 66.

Penalties, &c. he tv sued for.

43 G. 3. c. 132. §29.

Goods removed from One Bonding Warehouse to another in fame Port, with Permission of Commissioners of Custom?.

45 G. 5. c. 87.

46 G.3. r.137.

0, 141*, 142. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Channels, or on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, such Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, unless such Boat, being a clinch-built Boat, shall have Plank of not left than Half an Inch thick, and Timbers of the following Dimensions; that is to say, for every Boat exceeding the Length of Thirty Feet and being under the Length of Thirty five Feet, Timbers of not less than One Inch and a Quarter square; for every Boat of the Length of Thirty five Feet and under the Length of Forty Feet, Timbers of not less than One Inch and Three Eighths of an Inch square; for every Boat of the Length of Forty Feet and being under the Length of Forty five Feet, Timbers of not less than One Inch and a Half square; for every Boat of the Length of Forty five Feet and being under the Length of Fifty Feet, Timbers of not less than One Inch and Three Quarters square; and for every Boat of the Length of Fifty Feet and upwards, Timbers of not less than Two Inches square, such Timbers respectively not being more than Ten Inches apart; Provided, that nothing hereinbefore contained as to Boats of the Length of Thirty Feet and upwards shall extend or be construed to extend to Boats belonging to Ships or Vessels exceeding the Burthen of One hundred and Fifty Tons, provided such Boats are licensed by the said Commissioners respectively, nor to Life Boats, nor to Boats employed in the Whale Fisheries, nor to the Boats belonging to any square-rigged Ship or Vessel employed in the Merchants' Service, or to any other Merchant Ship or Vessel exceeding the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons, orufed folelyin Rivers or Inland Navigation, or employed in the Service of Government, or to extend to any BoaJ which may have been licensed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, prior to an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, or by the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland prior to the passing of this Act: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore enacted or required respecting the Length, Width or Plank or Timbers of Boats, shall extend or be construed to extend to affect Boats belonging to Ships or Vessels returning from the First Voyage to Foreign Parts, upon which First Voyage they shall have left Great Britain before or within Fourteen Day9 after the passing of this Act, provided the Owners or Mailers of such Ships or Vessels shall duly take out a Licence from the said Commissioners of Customs for each such Boat, within One Calendar Month after the returning into Port of each such Ship or Vessel from such First Voyage.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Boats seized under any of the Provisions of this Act, and all Penal*' tits and Forfeitures whatever in this Act mentioned, may and shall be managed, kept, detained, proceeded against, sued for, prosecuted, condemned, distributed, recovered and applied in England or Scotland respectbely, according to the Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, in fb far as the same are or can be made applicable, and are not by this Act altered or varied.

CAP. CXLII.

An Act to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another, in the fame

JPort.

[22d July 1812.]

4 ERE AS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse, without 1 Payment of Duty, no Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Ware-

houses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of that Ad, are to be delivered from or taken out of any such Warehouse or Place, but upon Condition that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall either be exported to Foreign Parts, or be used or consumed in Great Britain; and it is expedient, under certain Regulations, to permit Goods so lodged or otherwise secured to be removed to other Warehouses or Placet in the fame Port, where the like Articles are allowed to be secured under the Regulations of the said Act; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which have been or may be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured in the Port of London, under the Regulations of the said Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be

fetured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty; or which have been or may be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured at any other Port of Great Britain, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to permit certain Articles to be war eho used in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; or of another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain to other Articles not therein mentioned, to remove any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Warehouse or Place wherein or at which the fame may have been first deposited or otherwise secured in the Port of London, or any other Port in Great Britain, under the Regulations of the said Acts, or either of them, to any other Warehouse or Place in the fame Port, wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoused or otherwise secured, provided that Permission for that Turpose shall hare been previously obtained from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, as the case may be, and also from the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, as the case may be, if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be removed shall be subject to any Duty of Excise, and that the Removal takes Place at the Risk and Expence of the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, under such Regulations as the

A.D. 182.

52° GEORGII III.

0.142. -1, 935

£ald Commissioners respectively may deem necessary for the Security of the Revenue, such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall and may be lodged or deposited, or otherwise secured, at or in such other Warehouse or Place, during the Residue of the Period allowed for clearing such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject nevertheless to all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictiotu,

Acts, Matters and Things relative to the warehousing, keeping* inspeding, taking account of, or otherwise securing of Goods, Wares or Merchandize directed and provided by the said Act of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, in the like man-nerand in every respect, and as fully and amply as if the said Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts, Matters and Things had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and any Bond which may have been given for the due Exportation or Payment of the Duties on such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, shall be valid and continue in force, and the Obligors held to the due Performance of each and every the Conditions thereof, in the same manner as they would have been compelled to fulfil the said Conditions, if the Removal of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the original Place of the Deposit had not taken place.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth* 33 G Produce and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made $ 2*

from Molajfes* it was enacted, that all Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce and, Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, which should, before the Payment of the Duties of Excise charged on the Importation thereof, be exported as Merchandize under the Rules, Restrictions and Regulations thereinafter established and referred to, from any Warehouse or Warehouses in which such Rum or Spirits had been or should be lodged or deposited by virtue and in pursuance of an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His then present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Importers or r*2

Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the fame before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged t hereon9 and to lodge the fame in IVarehouses at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt lojl by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane, should be freed and discharged from all Duties of Excise, in such manner as was in the said Act of the Thirty third Year aforesaid after mentioned: And whereas the said Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforesaid is expired, and it is expedient that all Rum and Spirits which shall, before the Payment of the Duties of Excise charged upon the Importation thereof, be delivered from or out of any Warehouse situate at the Isle of Dogs, and belonging to the West India Dock Company, mentioned in the said Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or from any Warehouse at any Port of Great^c.r$z.

Britain in which His Majesty, under or by virtue of the said la ft mentioned Act, by his Order in Council, fc x. hath already permitted, or shall hereafter permit Rum or Spirits to be lodged without Payment at the time of the First Entry of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof* or from any Warehouse at any other Port of Great Britain in which the same shall have been lodged or secured under or by virtue of the said Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, should, on the shipping 45 Q. 3. c. 87. of any such Rum as Stores as herein after mentioned, be freed and discharged from all Duties of Excise;

Be it therefore enacted, That all such Rum and Spirits as shall, under, fubied and according to the Rules, Rum and Spirit 1

Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained, provided, settled or established in or by an Act made in discharged from the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, among other things, for Dutiwof Kxcif*

allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on on dipping for

their Voyages, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament for or in respect of the shipping any Rum or Stores S: or*s*

to be spent and consumed on board in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, be delivered from or out of any^c*

such Warehouse, to be shipped as Stores to be spent and consumed on board any Ship or Vessel in any Voyage

to Parts beyond the Seas, shall be freed and discharged from all the Duties of Excise 5 and all and singular

the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, and all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures contained,

provided, settled or established in or by the said Acts, or any of them, for or in respect of any such Rum

shipped or to be shipped as Stores, shall be used, applied and put in Execution for and in respect of all such

Rum and Spirits so delivered from or out of any such Warehouse as last aforesaid, as Stores to be spent and

consumed as last aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and singular the said

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act,

for and in respect of such Rum and Spirits as last aforesaid.

III. And whereas by the said Act msfde in the Forty third Year aforesaid it is enacted, That no Foreign 4j g. 3. c. r 32.

Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua Vita shall be warehoused before'Payment of the Duties, unless §33.

the fame shall be imported in Calks of One hundred Gallons at the lealt: And whereas by the Laws now in

force, Rum of the Growth or Produce of the British Sugar Plantations may be imported into Great Britain in any Cask of Sixty Gallons; and it is therefore expedient to allow of the fame being w'arehoused in

the same manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Ajqua Vita imported in Casks of One hun- British Pbnta-

dred Gallons, are by the said Acts allowed to be warehoused; Be it therefore enacted, That any Rum of tion*Rum im-

the Growth or Produce of the British Sugar Plantations imported into Great Britain in any Cask of Sixty 1, 1 C*flc

Gallons or upwards, shall be allowed to be warehoused in the same manner as Foreign Brandy, Rum, Gerwva, upxv^r^vare-0* Spirits or Aqua Vita is or are by the said Act allowed to be warehoused. housed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, Officers allow ed before the Delivery of Brandy, Rum, Geneva.or other Spirits for Exportation, or of Rum or Spirits of the to take Sample* : British Sugar Plantations to be shipped as Stores as aforesaid from or out of any such Warehouse or Ware- bP, nt8, vhouses, and at any time afterwards, to take as many Samples as be or they shall think fit, (neither of such

jG R 3 Samples

1036

Pcndty.

IS G. % . c. 25.

Commissioners, &c. indemnified for fullering Rum, See. to be landed and put in Warehouse and delivered from fame without Payment of Duty, Sec.

Rum or Spirits removed to Ports where v.irehoul-ing allowed for Purpose of Exportation, fee.

SO G. 3. c. 6.

Opening Ware-hotifes except in Presence of Officer.

[Penalty.]

Previous to Removal Bond entered into.

50 G. 3. c. 64.

Certificate.

On Ariival cf Goods at Port intended, Entry

C. 142. 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Samples exceeding Half a Pint) out of each of the Casks or Packages containing such Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, paying for such Samples (if demanded) at and after the Rate of Three Shillings per Gallon; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers of Excise in taking any such Sample or Samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid (if demanded) the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

4 V. And whereas since the Expiration of the said Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforesaid, several Quantities of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said Sugar Plants- tions, have upon Entry thereof forthwith and before Payment of any of the Duties of Excise been landed, carried and put into such Warehouses as are mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, and have also been delivered from and out of the said Warehouses without Payment of the Duties of Excise, some thereof for Exportation, and some thereof to be shipped as Stores, to be spent and consumed on board Ships and Vesseli according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, in the several Acts in that Behalf respectively in force during the Continuance of the said Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforesaid; and it is proper that the Commissioners and Officers of Excise should be indemnified for and in respect of such Landings, Warehousings and Deliveries respectively; Be it therefore enacted, That all such Landings, Warehousings and Deliveries respectively shall be deemed and taken to have been and to be legally made as if the said Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years aforesaid, and the several other Acts depending there-on, had remained and continued in force at the time of such Landings, Warehousings and Deliveries; and the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in England and Scotland respectively concerned in any such Landing, Warehousing or Delivery respectively, shall be and they respectively are hereby fully indemnified; and that it shall and may be lawful to deliver all Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, now remaining in any such Warehouse as last aforesaid, from and out of such Warehouse for Exportation or Stores, according to the lad mentioned Rules, Regulations, Redridions and Provisions, and the fame respectively, together with all Fine3, Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach or Disobedience thereof respectively, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for and in respect of all such Deliveries as last aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to remove any Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said Sugar Plantations, and which hath or have been so landed and carried and put into such Warehouse as last aforesaid from any such Warehouse, either by Sea or Inland Navigation, to any other Port of Great Britain where Foreign Spirits are by Law allowed to be secured in Warehouse under the Regulations of the said Acts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, for the Purpose of being exported from such Port, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations and Redridions, save and except so far as the same are not altered by this Act, or not repugnant to any of the Regulations or Redridions in this Act contained, or hereby prescribed, settled or established, for and in respect of the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, subject to any Duty of Excise) mentioned in another Act, made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandise from the Port in Great Bntaiu where frjt warehoused, to any other warehousing Port, for the Purpose of Exportation, for and in respect of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by the said last mentioned Act authorized and allowed to be removed in maimer therein mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Importer of Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits lodged and put into any Warehouse or Warehouses under the Direction and Authority of the said Acts, or auy of them, shall by any means, Art, Device or Contrivance whatever, open any such Warehouse or Warehouses, except in the Presence of the proper Warehouse Keeper, or other Officer of the Customs or Excise, then and in every such case every such Importer or Proprietor shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That previous to the Removal of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which are or shall be subject to any Duty or Duties of Excise under or by virtue of an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port in Great Britain where first warehoused, to any other warehousing Port, for the Purpose of Exportation, for the Purpose in that Ad mentioned, or under or by virtue of this Act, for either of the Purposes herein mentioned, the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall, with One sufficient Surety, enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, with Condition that the fame and every Part thereof shall be duly delivered, without Alteration or Diminution, into the Custody and Possession of the proper Officer of Excise, at the Port or Place in Great Britain to which the same are intended to be removed, and to be named and expressed in such Condition, and to produce a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of Excise at such Port or Place, that the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize had been so delivered into his Custody and Possession, and that such Certificate shall, within Three Months from the Date of such Bond, be produced to the Commissioners of Excise in England, if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are removed from the Port of London, or to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, if removed from Leith, and to the principal Officer of Excise of such Port, if such Removal takes place from any other Port of Great Britain.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize at the Port to which the same are so intended to be conveyed, due Entry shall be made thereof with the Collector, Super-visor or other proper Officer of Excise, specifying the Weight, Quantity and Species of the Goods, Wares or

2 " Merchandize,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 142.

Merchandize, with the Marks and Numbers of the Packages, the Date of Importation, the Ship or Vessel in which the fame were imported, and by what Person or Persons the fame were entered inwards, and also the Port from whence removed, the Place to which the same are intended to be exported, and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same are to be exported } and the Exporter or Exporters shall, together with the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are intended to be exported, and one other sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise at the Port of Exportation, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, for the due Exportation thereof; and for producing to the Commissioners of Excise in England, if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are exported from the Port of London, or the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, if exported from Leith, and to the Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise of such Port from which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are to be exported, a Certificate of the landing thereof, at the Port or Place for which the same are entered to be exported, specifying, certifying and containing the several Matters and Things prescribed and required in and by the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for and in respect of the Certificate therein mentioned, and to produce such Certificate to the Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise, within such time as in or by the said last mentioned Act is limited or prescribed, for the bringing or Production of the Certificate as therein mentioned, as the case may require.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to any Duty of Excise at any such other Warehousing Port, the Proprietor thereof shall not have an Opportunity of shipping the fame for Exportation, it shall not be lawful to lodge or deposit the Articles in any Warehouse approved under the Regulations of the said Acts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, unless over and besides the Entry and Bond required by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, an Entry be also made for that Purpose with the Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise, and Bond be also given to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Proprietor or his Agent, and one sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, as the case may require, or such Collector, Supervisor or other proper Officer of Excise in Double the Amount of the full Duties of Excise due or payable on the Importation of such Goods, Ware* and Merchandize with Condition that the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall either be duly exported, or that the full Duties of Excise due or payable on the Importation thereof shall be paid to the proper Col-Icdtor within such Period of time as was allowed for that Purpose, at the Port where the fame were first entered and warehous'd; and if the Proprietor shall fail or neglect to make such Entry, and give such Security, it (half and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, as the case may require, to cause all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall not be shipped for Exportation, to be sold anddisposed of in the same manner as Goods, Wares and Merchandize are directed to be disposed of by the Commissioners of the-Customs by the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and on every such Sale by them the said Commissioners of Excise, they the said lait mentioned Commissioners shall apply the Produce thereof in the same manner and to the same Uses and Purposes as is by the said last mentioned Act prescribed and directed in the Sale of Goods, by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Customs, under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all such Bonds as are by this Act authorized or required shall be taken in His Majesty's Name and to His Majesty's Use, by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, as the case may require, or the proper Officer or Officers of Excise appointed or employed for that Purpose: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to require any Bond to be given to the Excise, for or in respect of the Removal of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas by the said Act made in the Forty third Year aforesaid, no Coffee or Cocoa Nuts can

be warehoused in manner in the said Act mentioned, unless the same shall be contained in Calks, Bags, Boxes

or other Packages, of at least One hundred and twelve Pounds net Weight each: And whereas by auother Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, among other things, for reducing the Excise Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to import into

and export from Great Britain any Coffee in Packages containing not less than One hundred Pounds Avoir-

dupois; and it is therefore expedient to allow of the fame being warehoused Be it therefore enacted, That any Coffee imported into Great Britain in Packages containing not less than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois shall be allowed to be warehoused in the same manner that Coffee contained in Calks, Bags, Boxes or other Packages, of at least One hundred and twelve Pounds net Weight each, is by the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid allowed to be warehoused.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by such ways, means or methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this Act.

1037

made thereof with proper Officer of Eacift, fcc

430.3.0x32*

If not shipped for Exportation, Goods again warehoused under Regulations

Bonds taken in His MajestyY Name.

43 G. 3. c. 13*. §3

48 G. 3. c. 12a

§5.

Coffee imported in Packages not. less thrui toolk warehoused.

Penalties how levied.

Commencement of Ait.

t '

1038 C. 143

A.D. 1812.

O.TellCP3 ng'lllft Revenue Laws.

Oflfcncts of Por-fons employed by U.e Post Office.

Deadi.

Offences against Post Office*

Death.

Offences of Persons attifting others employed by the Poll tfrffiee.

Death.

j2* Georgii III.

Cap. cxx.ni.

An Act for amending and reducing into One Act, the Provisions contained in any Laws now in force imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in Breach of or in Resistance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain.

[23d July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, that the Provisions contained in any Laws now in force, for collecting«V V His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, whereby the Penalty of Death is imposed for any Act done 1 in Breach of or in Resistance to the said Laws, or any of them, should be amended and reduced into one«Act May it therefore please Your ^/laiefty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all cases where any Act to be done or committed after the passing of this Act, in Breach of or in Resistance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue m Great Britain, would by the Laws now in force subject the Offender to suffer Death, as guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by virtue of the said Laws, or any of them, such Act, so to be done or committed, shall be deemed and taken to be Felony with Benefit of Clergy, and punishable only as such, unless the same shall also be declared to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy by this Act.

II. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post Boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever employed by or under the Poll Office of Great Britain, in receiving, damping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the said Office, shall, after the passing of this Act, secrete, embezzle or destroy any Letter or Packet, or Bag or Mail of Letters with which he or she shall have been entrusted in consequence of such Employment, or which shall in any other manner have come to his or her Hands or Possession, whilst so employed, containing the whole or any Part or Parts of any Bank Note, Bauk Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant, either of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Navy or Victuallingor Trans. port Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith's or Banker's Letter of Credit, or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draft, Bill or Promissory Note whatsoever for the Payment of Money 5 or shall deal and take out of any Letter or Packet with which he or she shall have been so entrusted or which shall have so come to his or her Hands or Possession, the Whole or any Part or Parts of any such Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant, either of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society or Corporation, Navy or Victualling or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment of any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith's or Banker's Letter ot Credit or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill or Promissory Note whatsoever for the Payment of Money; every Person so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, deal and take from any Carriage, or from the Possession of any Person employed to convey Letters sent by the Post of Great Britain, or from or out of any Post Office or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets, or Bags or Mails of Letters sent or to be sent by such Post, any Letter or Packet, or Bag or Mail of Letters sent or to be sent by such Post, or shall steal and take any Letter or Packet out of any such Bag or Mail, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, toall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy; and such Offences shall and may be enquired of, tried and determined either in the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Party shall or may be apprehended. '

IV. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, counsel, command, hire, perluade, procure, aid or abet any such Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post Bov or Rider, or any Officer or Person whatsoever employed by or under the said Office, in receiving, damping, lorting, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the said Office, to commit any of the Offences hereinbefore mentioned, or shall, with a fraudulent Intention, buy or receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of any such Security or Iostrument as hereinbefore described, which shall have been contained in, and which, at the time of buying or receiving thereof, he or she shall know to have been contained in any such Letter or Packet so secreted, embezzled, stolen or taken by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Poll Boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person so employed as aforesaid, or which such Person so buying or receiving as aforesaid shall at the time of buying or receiving thereof know to have been contained in and ilolen and taken out of any Letter 0: Packet stolen and taken from or out of any Mail or Bag of Letters sent and conveyed by such Post, or from or out of any. Post Office or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets, or Bags or Mails of Letters sent or to be sent by such Post; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Beiacfit of Clergy, and shall

15 and

A.D. 181a. 52° GEORGII III. C. 143. 1039

and may be tried, convicted and' attainted of such Felony, as well before as after the Trial or Conviction of the principal Felon, and whether the said principal Felon shall have been apprehended or shall be amenable to Justice or not.

V. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after the Forging again* passing of this Act, make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, forged or counterfeited, the Alienation Mark or Hand of the Receiver of the Prefines at the Alienation Office, upon any Writ of Covenant, whereby such Receiver or any other Person shall or may be defrauded, or suffer any Loss thereby 5 every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon Death, without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after ForSinS Certifi-the passing of this Act, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, atesor, or knowingly or.wilfully ad or assist in the forging, counterfeiting or altering any Contract, Assignment, Cer- 0*L^nd Tax. tificate. Receipt or attested Copy of any Certificate made out or purporting to be made out by any Person or Persons authorized to make out the fame by any Act of Parliament touching the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, or of any Part thereof; or if any Person shall wilfully utter any such forged, counterfeited or altered Contract, Assignment, Certificate, Receipt or attested Copy of Certificate, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Death.

Clergy.

VII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after Forging Stamp* the passing of this Act, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Mark, on Paper, fcc. Stamp, Die or Plate, which in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament shall have been provided, made

or used by or under the Dircdiou of the Commissioners appointed to manage the Duties on stamped Vellum,

Parchment and Paper, or by or under the Direction of any other Person or Persons legally authorized in that Behalf, for expressing or denoting any Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, which shall be under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners, or for denoting or testifying the Payment of any such Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, or for denoting any Device appointed by the said Commissioners for the Ace of Spades, to be used with any playing Cards 5 or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, the Impression, or any Resemblance of the Impression, of any such Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate as aforesaid, upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Card, Ivory, Gold or Silver Plate, or other Material; or shall (lamp or mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Card,

Ivory, Gold or Silver Plate, or other Material, with any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties, or any Part of the Duties under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners 5 or it any Person shall utter or fell, or expose to Sale, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Card, Ivory, Gold or Silver Plate, or other Material having thereupon the Impression of any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate, or any such forged or counterfeited Impression as aforesaid, knowing the fame respectively to be forged or counterfeited; or if any Person shall privately or secretly use any such Mark, Stamp, Die or Plate, which shall have been so provided, made or used by or under such Direction as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties, or any Part of the Duties under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy, Death,

VIII. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, after Forging Stamps the passing of this Act, transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece on Wrought of Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver to another, or to any Vessel or Ware of base Metal, any Impression made Plate of Gold or with any Mark, Stamp or Die, provided, made or used by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners of s, lvcr»&c* Stamps, or by or under the Direction of any other Person or Persons legally authorized in that Behalf, for

denoting any Duty or Duties, or the Payment of any Duty or Duties, granted to His Majesty on Gold or Silver Plate; or shall (lamp or mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked, any Vessel or Ware of base Metal with any Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have been forged or counterfeited in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Die so provided, made or used as aforesaid 5 or shall fell, exchange or expose te Sale, or export out of Great Britain, any Wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Vessel or Ware of base,

Metal, having thereupon the Impression of any forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp or Die, for denoting any such Duty or Duties, or the Payment of any such Duty or Duties, or any forged or counterfeited Impression of any Mark, Stamp or Die so provided, made or used as aforesaid, or any Impression of any such Mark, Stamp or Die, which shall have been transposed or removed from any other Piece of Plate as aforesaid, knowing the fame respectively to be forged or counterfeited, or transposed or removed as aforesaid; or shall wilfully and without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused) have or be possessed of any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp or Die, for denoting any such Duty or Duties, or the Payment thereof;

very Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy. Death.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person (not being lawfully Making Frames appointed or authorized so to do) shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or shall knowingly aid or affiit used in making in the making, or without being so appointed or authorized as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in hie, her or °' Paper, their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused), any

Frame, Mould or Instrument, for the making of Paper, with the Words«Excise Office* visible in the Substance of such Paper, or shall make or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in the making any Paper,

1040

tUltk

'Forging Debentures for Return vf Money from Duties of Cuf-toim or £xcil'e.

Death.

Aflirting with Aims in illegal Exportation of Wool or other floods, or in of-^ofing Revenue Daws, kc.

D*ath. Offences in Guernsey, fcc. where deter-jnhicd.

proceedings in Cases ol ihooting ipe wounding*

C. 143. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Paper, in the Substance of which the Words ' Excise Office* shall be visible 5 or if any Person (except ai before excepted) shall by any Art, Myilery or Contrivance, cause or procure the said Words*Excise Office, to appear visible in the Substance of any Paper whatever; or if any Person (not being so appointed or authorized as aforesaid) shall engrave, cast, cut or make, or shall cause or procure to be engraven, cast, cut or made, any Mark, Stamp or Device, in Imitation of or to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Device made or used by the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, or the major Part of them respectively, for the Purpose of printing, flamping or marking of any Paper to be used as or for a Permit or Permits to accompany any exciseable Commodity or Commodities removing or removed from one Part of Great Britain to any other Part thereof, in pursuance of the Directions of any of the several Statutes requiring such Permit; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly assist in falsely making, forging, counterfeiting or altering any Debenture, or any Certificate for the Payment or Return of any Money, or any Part of any such Debenture or Certificate, or any Signature thereon, in any case in which such Debenture or Certificate is by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Customs or Excise required or directed to be given or granted 5 or shall wilfully, with such Intent as aforesaid, utter, publish or make use of any such Debenture or Certificate, or Part thereof, so being wholly or in Part falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Persons, to the Number of Three or more, armed with Fire Arms or other offensive Weapons, shall hereafter within Great Britain, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, or within the IJlc of Man, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, be assembled in order to be aiding and assisting in the illegal Exportation of Wool or other Goods prohibited to be exported; or in the carrying of Wool or other "such Goods in order to such Exportation; or in the illegal running, landing or carrying away prohibited or uncustomed Goods, or Goods liable to pay any Duties which shall not have been paid or secured; or in the illegal relanding of any Goods whatsoever, which shall have been shipped or exported upon Debenture or Certificate, or from any Warehouse wherein such Wool or other Goods shall have been deposited under any Act of Parliament for the securing the Home Consumption Duties thereon; or in refeuing or taking away any such Wool or other Goods as aforesaid after Seizure, from any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or other Officer or Officers authorized to seize the fame, or other Person or Persons employed by him or them, or affiliing him or them, or from the Place where the same shall have been lodged by him or them; or in ref-cuing any Person who shall have been apprehended for any of the Offences made Felony by any Act relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise of Great Britain, or in preventing the apprehending any Person who shall have been guilty of any such Offence; or in case any Persons, to the Number of Three or more, so armed as aforesaid, shall hereafter within Great Britain, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, or within the IJte of Man, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, be so aiding or assisting; or if any Person shall maliciously (hoot at or upon any Ship, Vessel or Boat belonging to His Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek of Great Britain, or within the Isle of Man % or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek thereof, or in any Port of the British or Irish Channels, or on the High Seas within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland; or if any Person shall, either on Shore or on the Water, within the Limits last aforesaid, maliciously (hoot at, maim or dangerously wound, any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, Ma-rines. Militia or Volunteers, or any other His Majesty's Military or Naval Forces, or of the Customs or Excise, or any other Person or Persons aiding or assisting any such Officer or Officers when acting in the due Execution of his or their Duty under any of the Powers, Authorities or Provisions of any Act relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise of Great Britain, or of any Act for the Prevention of Smuggling; every Person so offending, and every Person aiding, abetting or assisting therein, shall, being thereof convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy; and every such Offence which shall be -committed within any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven or Road (lead, of Guernsey, Jersey, sllderney, Sari or Man respectively, the fame may and shall be enquired of, tried and determined, in the said Islands respectively; and every such Offence committed elsewhere out of the United Kingdom may and shall be enquired of, tried and determined in any County of the United Kingdom; and every such Offence committed within England Scotland or Ireland respectively, may and shall be enquired of, tried and determined within such Part of the said United Kingdom in which such Offence shall have been respectively committed, but in any County or Shire of such Part of the said United Kingdom, in such Manner and Form as if the Offence had been com-quitted in the County or Shire in which the same shall be enquired of, tried and determined.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be charged by Information on Oath before any Justiceol the Peace, or other Person competent to take such Information in any Part of the United Kingdom, with being guilty of so assembling, aiding or assisting, or of so maliciously (hooting, maiming or wounding as aforesaid* within the Limits hereinbefore respectively specified, in any case wherein pny such Officer as aforesaid, or any Person aiding or assisting any such Officer in the Execution of his Duty as aforesaid, ffiajl have been killed, inch Information shall be forthwith certified by the Justice or other Person taking the fame under his Hand and Seal, to one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of Stale, who shall forthwith lay the fame before His Majesty in His Privy Council 5 and His Majesty may thereupon, if be shall so think fit, by Isis Order in Council, require and command the Person £6 charged with such Offence, that he

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. 0.143, 144* 1041

do, within the Space of Sixty Days, or such longer time as to His Majesty shall seem fit, after the Publication of such Order in the London Gazette, surrender himself to the Lord Chief Justice, or any other Justice of the King's Bench, or to any Justice of the Peace, or other Person competent to take such Surrender as in such Order shall be specified; and may further order and require such Order to be proclaimed by the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall have been committed, if committed within any County of the United Kingdom, and if not committed within any fudi County, then by the Sheriff of any County near to the Plate wherein the Offence shall have been committed 5 and the Clerks of His Majesty's Privy Council shall cause such Order to be forthwith printed and published in the London Gazette, and such Publication to be repeated once in every Week after such First Publication, until the Expiration of the said Sixty Days, or such other time as shall be appointed by such Order for the Surrender of such Offender, and shall also cause a Copy of such Order, attested by the Signature of One of the said Clerks, to be transmitted to the Sheriff of the County specified in such Order, who shall, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Copy cause the same to be proclaimed between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, in the respective Market Places, upon the respective Market Days of Two Market Towns, in the same County, if there shall be Two such Towns; and if there shall only One such Town, then in such Town, and in some other Place of general Resort within such County, and shall also cause a true Copy of such Copy of such Order to be affixed upon some public Place in each of such Market Towns or other Place where such Proclamation shall be made; and if the Person charged with such Offence as aforesaid shall surrender himself according to such Order, the Justice or other Person to whom he shall so surrender shall commit him to some Gaol or Prison within the Limits of his Jurisdiction, to be there dealt with according to Law; but if such Person so charged and proclaimed as aforesaid, shall not so surrender himself within the time limited in such Order, or shall after Surrender and before Trial for such Offence escape from Justice, such Person shall, from the Day appointed for such Surrender, be adiadged to be a Person attainted of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy, if the Offence shall be charged to have been committed in Death, England, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour or Creek in England or Ireland, or within One hundred Leagues of the Coast thereof; and it shall he lawful for the Court of King's Bench, or the Justices of Oyer or General Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions for the County or Place where such Offender shall be, to award Execution against such Offender, in such manner as if he had been convicted and attainted in the said Court of King's Bench, or before such Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery or Great Sciftons rp-spectively; and if the Offence shall be charged to have been committed in Scotland, or within any Port or Soudandi Harbour or Creek thereof, or within One hundred Leagues of the Coasts thereof, such Offender shall in the like case be adjudged, deemed and taken to be convicted of a Capital Crime, and shall suffer the Pain of Death, and Confiscation of Moveables, as in the case of a Person found guilty of a Capital Crime and under Sentence for the fame; and it shall be lawful for the Court of Judiciary, or the Lords of Judiciary in their Circuits in Scotland, to award Execution against such Offender, in such manner as if he had been found guilty and condemned.in the said Courts of Judiciary or Circuit Courts respectively.

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act to suspend and finally vacate the Seats of Members of the House of Commons, who shall become Bankrupts, and who shall not pay their Debts in full within a limited Time.

[23d July 1812.]

WHEREAS it is highly necessary, for the Preservation of the Dignity and Independence of Parliament, that Members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, who become Bankrupts, and do not pay their Debts in full, shall not retain their Seats; Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever a Commission of Bankruptcy shall issue and be awarded against any Person being a Member of the House of Commons, and he shall be found and declared a Bankrupt under the fame, such Member shall be and shall remain during Twelve Calendar Months from the time of the issuing thereof, utterly incapable of fitting and voting in the said House of Commons, unless within the said Period such Commission shall be super-feded, or unless within the same Period the Creditors of such Member of the House of Commons proving their Debts under the Commission of Bankruptcy shall be paid or satisfied to the full Amount of their Debts, under the said Commission; Provided always, that such of the Debts, if any, as shall be disputed by such Bankrupt, if he shall, within the time aforesaid, enter into a Bond or Bonds, in such Sum or Sums, with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved by the Commissioners under the said Commission of Bankruptcy, or the major Part of them, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be recovered in any Action, Suit or other Proceeding in Law or Equity, concerning such Debt or Debts, together with such Costs as shall be given in the fame, shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act as paid or fatitffied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commission shall not within Twelve Calendar Months from the issuing thereof be superseded, nor the Debts satisfied in manner aforesaid, then the Commifisooers, or the major Part of them named in such Commission, shall and they are hereby required, immediately after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the issuing of the said Commission, to certify the fame, as the case may be, to the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, and thereupon the Election of such Member shall be and is hereby declared to be void; and it shall and may be lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being, during any Recess of the said House, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby required forthwith after receiving such Certificate, to cause Notice thereof to be ialerted in The London Gazette, and upon the Expiration of Fourteen Days after 5a G*o. III. 6 S; |bc

Scats of Mirabels to be vacated in certain cases of Bankruptcy.

Speaker to

Writ for Election of another Mtmber.

Proviso,

Provisions of 24 G. 3. Sell*. 2. c. 26. extended tp\-Ub

13 O.3.C. 84.

§<k

Exemption from Toll extended in ertdin cases, vltere not speci-ically exempted by former Acts.

Tqjls on empty Carriages to be £rft paid, and' afterwards returned.

C. 144, 145. 520CEOP, GI1 III*

the Day of inferring such Notice in the Gazette, to ifjue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, ' to make out anew Writ for electing another Member in the Room of such Member who shall have so vacated his Seat; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant for the Purposes aforesaid., unless such Certificate shall have been delivered to him so long before the then next Meeting of the House of Commons for the Dispatch of Business, as that the Writ for the Election may be issued before the Day of such next Meeting of the House of Commons.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Powers contained in an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing so much of Two former Acts as authorized the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament in the manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes, so far as such Powers enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to nominate and appoint other Persons, being Members of the House of Commons, to issue Warrants for the making out of new Writs during the Vacancy of the Office of Speaker, or during his Absence out of the Realm, mall be and they are hereby made to be in force for the Purpose of enabling him to make the like Nomination and Appointment for issuing Warrants under the like Circumstances and Conditions, for the Election of Membe rs of Parliament in the Room of such whole Seats shall become vacant under the Provisions of this Act.

CAP. CXLV.

An Act to explain the Exemption from Toll in several Acts of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Husbandry , and for regulating the Tolls to be paid ou other Carriages, and on Horses, in certain other Cases therein specified.

[23d July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Exemption from Toll has, by several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads, been granted, in respect of Cattle or Carriages carrying or drawing any Dung, Manure or Comport: for manuring the Land, or Fodder for Cattle: And whereas in some of the said Act there is no express Provision made for any Exemption from the Payment of Toll for and in respect of any Carriage, or the Cattle drawing the fame, going empty for such Lading, or returning empty, having been so laden; and,

4 by reason of such Omission, Toll has in some cases been lately demanded, and received, in respect of Car- riagesgoing empty for such Lading; and in other cases Disputes have arisen concerning the same: And whereas the excluding from such Exemption the case of Carriages going empty for such Lading, or retum-Ling empty having been so laden, mull operate to the Discouragement of Agriculture, and check the due*Improvement of Land, and in many cases defeat the Benefit intended by the Exemption from Tolls of 4. Carriages carrying Dung, Manure or Comport, or Fodder for Cattle: And whereas by a Clause in an Adfc passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament the general Laws now An being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes, it is enacted, that the Regulations of Weight thereinbefore mentioned, should not be deemed or construed to extend to any Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay, StraW, Foddef or Com unthreshed: And whereas great Inconvenience will result to Persons employed in Hufbpndry, if the said 1 Exemption, in respect of Waggons, Carts or other Carriages laden with Manure, and the Cattle drawing 4'the fame, should be prevented from taking place, by reason only of any empty Basket or, Brikets, empty*

Sack or Sacks, being in or upon any such Waggon, Cart or Carriage, if the Loading thereof is substatitially Manure, Hay, Straw, Fodder or Corn unthreshed: And whereas great Uncertainty has prevailed,

4 as to the Tolls claimed on Carriages or Horses, liable to separate Tolls, when affixed, tied or secured to some Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and much Inconvenience has arisen therefrom : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in every case in which under any Act of Parliament for making, widening and enlarging, repairing or otherwise relating to auy Turnpike Road, there is an Exemption from Toll or Duty in respect of any Horse, Mule, Als, Oxen, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, carrying or drawing any Dung, Mould, Soil, Marl, Lime or Comport, of any Nature or Kind soever, for manuring or improving the Land, or Hay, Straw or any other Fodder for Cattle such Exemption shall be deemed to extend, in respect of every such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and also in respect to the Cattle drawing the fame, going empty, or loaded only with Implements Necessary for more convenient Carriage, or loading Or unloading such Lading, or returning empty, or with such Implements as aforesaid, having been so laden, notwithstanding the said Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall for the Purpose&aforesaid go to or return from any Parish or Place in which the said Turnpike Road does not lie.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, for the preventing of Frauds on Toll Collectors, by.Carts ot Waggons parting empty, or loaded only with Implements necessary for the more convenient.Carriage.of, or for loading or unloading Manure, through Turnpike Gates, under Pretence of going for such Manure, the Owner or Driver of every empty Waggon, Cart or Carriage, claiming the Exemptions hereby extended, any or either of them, shall in all cales pay the Toll in respect of such Waggon, Cart or Carriage* before the same shall be permitted to pass through such Turnpike Gate, and that the Collector of such Toll -fli^Utherenpon deliver to such Owner or Driver a Ticket, to be marked Manure Exemption, ' with the*Name of the Gate and the Date when delivered, and the Amount oFthe Toll so paid; all \vhich Sum and Sums

A.D. 18l2r

52° GEORGII III.

Sums so paid shall be repaid to the Owner or tiriver of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, ' upon liis or their returning on#the same Day with such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage so laden as aforesaid, and producing such Ticket 5 and every Collector of such Toll refusing or neglecting to return the fame upon the Return of such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, and Prodiiftion of such Ticket as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Owner of- such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, a Penalty of not lefis than Ten Shillings or more than Forty Shillings, upon Conviction thereof before One or more Just ice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire or Place where fi&h Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer); and if the : faine shall not be paid upon such Conviction, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, Shire or Place, for any time not exceeding One Month.

III. Provided alft>, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, then a/id.^tufuch case, such Perton may appeal to* the Justices of the Peace to be held for the Limits wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, such Appellant giving such Notice, and entering into such or the like Recognizance as by the said recited Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is in that case directed, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had and taken as in the said recited Act are directed, in respect of Appeals Under the Authority of that Act, in such and the same manner as if such Powers and Regulations were herein repeated and re-enacted.

f IV. And whereas many Persons may, at the time of passing of this Act, be Farmers or Contractors for1

the Tolls arising or payable on Turnpike Roads, and whose Contrafts will not expire until after the Twenty

ninth Day of September next For Remedy whereof, and for Protection of such Lessees or Contractors, be

it further enacted, That in case any Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, Contraftor or Contractors, for any Tolls payable to any Trustees or Commissioners appointed by virtue of any Act of Parliament for making, repairing or amending Turnpike Roads, whose Contrnft will not expire until after Michaelmas next, shall, by reason of this Act, be desirous of being discharged from his, her or their Contmft or Contrafts, and of such his, her or their Desire shall, within Fourteen Days from the passing of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk of any such Trustees, Forty Days at the lead before the said Twenty ninth Day of September next, then and in every such case all such Farmers, Lessees or Contractors shall, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September next, be released and discharged from their respective Contradfy, and all and every such Contrafts shall, from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September next, cease and be null and void to the Residue of the Term or Time for which such Tolls are or were farmed or taken, or con-trafted or agreed to be farmed or taken; ariy thing in such Leafts and Agreements to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, Contraftor or Contractors for Tolls, shall give such Notice of determining his, her or their Contract as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Trustees or Commissioners, if they think fit, forthwith to cause. the said Tolls to be re-let on a Day and at a Place to be by them appointed, of which One Month's Notice at least shall be given, as by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed, and thereupon to proceed to/elet the fame, and to relet the fame for thebeft Price they may then be enabled to obtain for the fame, without being compelled to put up the said Tolls at the Sum at which they were lait let, or to have any other Meeting for the letting thereof; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Regulations of Weight in the before mentioned Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall not be deemed or construed to extend to any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, laden with Manure for Land, passing through any Turnpike Gate, so as to subject the Owner or Driver thereof to the Payment of Toll in respect of Over-weight, by reason of any empty Balket or Baskets, empty Sack or Sacks or Tubs, for more convenient Carriage, or Spade, Shovel or Fork, necessary for loading or unloading such Manure, being in or upon any such Waggon, Cart or Carnage, in addition to such Manure, if the Loading thereof is substantially Manure for Land as aforesaid 5 provided that the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriages, Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, are of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or more, and that such Waggon, together with the Loading thereof, (halt not exceed Three Tons in the Summer, and Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in the Winter; and to every Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, Two Tons in Winter, and Two Tons Ten hundred Weight in Summer; and that it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to thq Thirty first Day of October, both Days inclusive, and Winter from the First Day of November until the Thirtieth Day of April\ both Days inclusive; any thing in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, or any other Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas Coaches, Chariots, Chaises, Chairs, Carts and other Carriages, sometimes pass through Turnpike Gates, affixed, tied or secured to Waggons or Carts^ and Horses are sometimes sent under the Charge of the Drivers of such Waggons and Carts, and are fastened thereto, and it is expedient to determine what

Tolls such Coaches, Chariots, Chaises, Chairs, Carts and other Carriages and Horses, ought to pay on passing

through such Gates Be it therefore enacted, That where any Coach, Chariot, Chaise or any other Carriage whatsoever with Four Wheels, shall pass through any Turnpike Gate, affixed, tied or secured to any Waggon or Cart, it shall be liable to the fame Toll, and no more, 'as if it had passed through the said Turnpike Gate, drawn by Two Horses; and in case any Chairj Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, with Two Wheels only, shall pass through any Turnpike Gate, so affixed, tied or-secured to any Waggon or Cart as aforesaid, it shall be

6 S 2 liable

*043

[Penalty.]

Imprisonmcnc.

Appeal.

13 G. 3. c. 84.

§8*.

Trustees to re* leafs LeflVcs of Tolls from Central* at Michaelmas

Lessees, &c. of Toll* wishing t» determine Goa-trail*, Trustco* Sec, to relet Toll*.

Regulation of Weight in 13 G. 3. c. 84. not to extend to Manure Waggons, &c. by reason of having empty Baskets, Sacks*'See, "

Regulation a* t#\ Payment of Toll when Coaches,

&c. a(fixed to.< Waggons, Sector Saddle Herfes

1044

lent by Drivers of Waggons.

Public Atf.

Officiating Mi-hifters to keep Registers of Public and Private ^Baptisms of Marriages and of Burials. Parishes to provide suitable Books for that Purport's.

King's Printer to tratilmit to each Parish a printed Copy of Att, and Register Book* adapted to Forms

telcribed.

Registers in separata Register Books.

Certificate of Baptilir, fee. When performed in other Place than Paillh Chinch, &c. according to ^Schedule (1))Entry of Bap-tism. Ice. distinguist ed accordingly.

C. 145, 146. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 181ic

liable to the fame Toll, and* no more, as the fame would have been if passing through the said Gate drawn bf One Horse only; and where any Horse shall be fattened to but not used in drawing any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, such Horse shall not be liable to a higher Toll than a fiiigle Horse $ provided, that if aojr Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Cart or other Carriage, so affixed, tied or secured to any Waggon or Cart, shall have any Goods conveyed therein, other than the Harnefe thereof, and such Articles of Package at may br necessary for the Protection of such Carriages, the same shall be liable to Double the Toll hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded*

CAP. CXLVf.

An Act for the 6etter regulating and preserving Parish and other Registers- of Births, Baptism?* Marriages and Burials in England; [28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the amending the Manner and form of keeping and of preserving Registers of Baptism?. Marriages and Burials, of His Majesty's Subjects in the several Parishes and Places in England, will*greatly facilitate the Proof of Pedigrees of Persons claiming to be entitled to Real or Personal Elites, and be otherwise of great public Benefit and Advantage; p Be It therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, By and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Thirty first Day.of December One Jthousand eight hundred and twelve, Registers of Public and Private Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, solemnlzed according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland\ within all rariffie* or Chapelries in England, whether subject to the Ordinary or Peculiar, or other Jurisdiction, shall be made and kept by the Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister of every Parish, (or of any Chapelry where the Cere^ monies of Baptism, Marriage and Burial have been usually and may according to Law be performed) for the* time being, in Books of Parchment, or of good and durable Paper, to be provided by His Majesty's Printer at Occasion may require, at the Expence of the refjpeclive Parishes or Chapelries; whereon shall be printed, upoiv each Side of every Leaf, the Heads of Information herein required to be entered in the Registers of Baptilms* Marriages and Burials respectively, and every such Entry shall be numbered progressively from the Beginning to the End of each Book, the First Entry to bedistinguished by Number One; and every such Entry shall be divided from the Entry' next following by a printed Line, according to the Forms contained in the Schedule* (A.) (B.) (C.) hereto annexed; and every Page of every such Book shall be numbered with progressive Numbers, the first Page being marked with the Number t, in the Middle of the upper Part of such ra^e, and every subsequent Page being marked in like manner with progressive Numbers, from Number 1. to the End of the Book*

II. And* for better ensuring the Regularity and Uniformity of such Register Books, be it further enacted, That a printed Copy of this Act, together with one Book so prepared as aforesaid, and adapted to the Fornv of the Register of Baptisms prescribed in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and also one other Book so prepared as aforesaid, and adapted to the Form prescribed for the Register of Marriages in the Schedule

SB.) to this Act annexed; and also one other Book so prepared as aforesaid, and adapted to the Form prescribed for the Register of Burials in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, be provided and transmitted by His Majesty's Printer to the Officiating Ministers of the several Parishes and Chapelries in England respectively, who are hereby required to use and apply the fame in and to the Purposes of this Act; and such Books respectively shall be proportioned to the Population of the several Parishes and Chapelries, according to the latt Returns of such Population made under the Authority of Parliament; and other Books of like Form and Quality shall for the like Purposes be fur* nished from time to time by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of every Parish or Chapelry, at the Expence of the said Parish or Chapelry, whenever they shall be required by the Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister to provide the fame; and all such Books shall be of Paper, unless required to be of Parchment by such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Registers shall be kept in such separate Books aforesaid, and that every such Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister shall as soon as possible after the Solemnization ofjevery Baptism, whether Private or Public, or Burial respectively, record and enter in a fair and legible Handwriting, in the proper Register Book to be provided, made and kept as aforesaid, the several Particulars describea in the several Schedules hereinbefore mentioned, and sign the fame; and iu no case, unless prevented br Sickness, or other unavoidable Impediment, later than within Seven Days after the Ceremony of any such Baptism or Burial shall have taken place.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Ceremony of Baptism or Burial shall be performed ia any other Place than the Parish Church or Church Yard of any Parish (or the Chapel or Chapel Yard of any Chapelry, providing its own distinct Registers) and such Ceremony shall be performed by any Minister not being the Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate of such Parish or Chapelry, the Minister who shall perform such Ceremony of Baptism or Burial shall, 011 the fame or on the next Day, transmit to the Rector, Vicar or othe$ Minister of such Parish or Chapelry, or his Curate, a Certificate of such Baptism or Burial in the Form contained in the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, and the Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate of such Parish or Chapelry, shall thereupon enter such Baptism or Burial according to such Certificate in the Book kept pursuant to this Act for such Purpose; and shall add to such Entry the following Words, 44 According to the €( Certificate of the Reverend transmitted to me on the Day

of

A.D. 181a. 5*a GEORGII III. C. 146. 1045

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Books wherem such Entries shall respectively be made, and Register Books all Register Books heretofore in use* shall be deemed to belong to every such Parish or Chapelry respectively, kept in Caflc^y and shall be kept by and remain in the Power and Custody of the ReAor, Vicar, Curate or other Officiating ^rat|n8 Minister of each respective Parish or Chapelry as aforesaid, and shall be by him safely and securely kept in a jr(m chest, pro-dnr well-painted Iron Chest, to be provided and repaired a9 Occasion may require, at the Expence of the Pa- vided at Expense rim or Chapelry* and which said Chest containing the said Books shall be constantly kept locked in some dry, of Parish.

safe and secure Place within the usual Place of Keftdence of such ReAor, Vicar, Curate or other Officiating Minister, if resident within the Parish or Chapelry, or in the Parifll Church or Chapel; and the said Books shall not, nor shall any of them be taken or removed from or out of the said Chest, at any time or for any Cause whatever, except for the Purpose of making such Entries therein as aforesaid, or for the Inspection of Persona desirous to make search therein, or to obtain Copies from or out of the fame, or to be produced as Evidence in some Court of Law or Equity, or to be inspected as to the State and Condition thereof, or for some of the Purposes of this Act j and that immediately after making such respective Entries, or producing the said Books respectively for the Purpose9 aforesaid, the said Books shall forthwith again be safely and securely deposited in the said Chest.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of Two Months after the Thirty first Day of Annual Copies-December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and at the Expiration of Two Months after the End of of R*S*fters every subsequent Year, fair Copies of all the Entries of the several Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, which^Qgcff"ir shall have been solemnized or shall have taken place within the Year preceding, shall be made by the ReAor, at-, ng

Vicar, Curate or other resident or Officiating Minister, (or by the Churchwardens, Chapelwardens, Clerk or other Person duly appointed for the Purpose, under and by the Direction of such ReAor, Vicar, Curate or other refid- nt or Officiating Minister) on Parchment, in the fame Form as prescribed in the Schedules hereunto annexed (to be provided by the respective Parishes); and the Contents of such Copies shall be verified and signed-in the Form following, by the ReAor, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister of the Parish or Chapelry to-which such respective Register Book shall appertain:

r A.B. ReAor [or, as the case may be] of the Parish of C.

[or, of the Chapelry of 22.] in the County of

A E. do hereby solemnly declare. That the several Writings hereto annexed, purporting to be Copies of the several Entries contained in the several Register Books of Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, of the Parish or a

Chapelry aforesaid, from the Day of to the Day of are true

Copies of all the several Entries in the said several Register Books respectively from the said Day

of to the said Day of; and that no other Entry during such Period-

is contained in any of f jeh Books respectively, are truly made according to the best ot my Knowledge and*

' Belief.*Signed

Which Declaration shall be fairly written* without any Stamp* on the said Copy immediately after the lad Entry therein 5 and the Signature to such Declaration shall be attested by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, or One of them, of the Parish or Chapelry to which such Register Books shall belong.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Copies of the said Register Booksr, verified and attend as aforesaid, Awiuri Coplir shall, whether such Parish or Chapelry shall be subject to the Ordinary, Peculiar or other Jurisdiction, be of Register transmitted by such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, after they, or One of them, shall have signed the fame, -

by the Post, to the Registrars of each Diocese in England within which the Church or Chapel shall be situated, Sa/of DiocefeT-on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and on or before the First Day of June in every subsequent Year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Registrar of every Diocese in England ffiallr on or before the Registrars tt>

First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, ana on or before the First Day of July in every Reports subsequent Year, make a Report to the Bishop of such Diocese, whether the Copies of the Registers of the whether ^Copies-Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, in the several Parishes and Places within such Diocese have been sent to such have been fenfc Registrar, in the manner and within the time herein required.; and in the Event of any Failure of the Trans- in.

million of the Copies of the Registers as herein required, by the Churchwardens and Chapelwardens of any Parish or Chapelry in England, the Registrar shall date the Default of the Parish or Chapelry, specially in his Report to the Bishop.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the ReAor, Vicar or other Officiating Minister or Curate of Officiating MJ-

any Parish or Chapelry shall neglect or refuse to verify and sign such Copies of such several Register Books, and .nifter nes)e*t-such Declaration as aforesaid, so that the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall not be able to transmit the; r

fame, as required by this Act, such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall, within the time required by this ter Books,*

AA for the Transmission thereof, certify such Default to the Registrar. of the Diocese within which such Parish Churchwardens or Chapelry shall be, who shall specially (late the fame in his Report to the Bishop of such. Diocese. to certify

X. And, for the obtaining of Returns and Registers of Baptisms and Burials m Extra-parochial Place# in.

England, where there is no Church or Chapel, be it further enacted, That in all cases of the Baptism of any. church?See* Child, or the Burial of any Person in any Extra-parochial Place in England\ according to the Rites of the Memorandum Established Church, where there is no Church or Chapel, it shall be lawful for the Officiating Minister, within of Baptisms,

One Month after such Baptism or Burial, to deliver to the ReAor, Vicar or Curate of such Parish immedU delivered to ately adjoining to the Place in which such Baptism or Burial shall take place, as the Ordinary shall direct, a 9J?cut, n* Memorandum of such Baptism or Burial, signed by such Parent of the Child baptized, or a Memorandum of PV Parife.* such Burial, signed by the Person employed about the fame, together with Two of the Persons attending thp*fame, according as the Nature of the case may respectively require 5 and every such Memorandum respectively shall contain all such Particulars as are hereinbefore required; and every such Memorandum delivered to the

8 RcAort

Jitter?, & c. Cont.i'rmnp A«-«iu»l Copies of Rattler Hooks free of Portage.

Annual Copies of Remitter JLxffis when tran'.mitted to Recffirus, kept from Damage.

Alphabetical

Lilts

Report to Privy Council on or before I ft. March 1813, respecting proper Places for Preservation of Copies of Regis-tcr Books, as well as Original Wills in each Dioccl'e; and for Rcmuner|-tion of Registrars' Officers.

False Entries, or Life Copies of Entries, or altering, See, Register Book.

Transportation.

Persons com-tnitting accidental Errors not affected, if duly .coire&ed according to Truth cfcafe.

Fees heretofort payable

S'rorifo fur.

C. 14S. 5a* GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Rector, Vicar or Curate of any such adjoining Parffli ofr ChSapelry, shall be entered in the Register of hit Parish,

and form a Part thereof.

XL. And be it (forther enacted, That the Superscription upon all Letters and Packet* containing the Copies of fitch Parish or other Registers, to be transmitted by the Post to the several Offices of the said Registrars as aforesaid, shall be indors'd and finned by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of every respective Parish and Chapelry in England, in the Form contained in Schedule (E.) 5 and that all such Letters and Packets shall be carried and conveyed by means of His Majesty's Post Office to, and be delivered at the Offices of the said Registrars, without Portage or other Charge being paid or payable for the fame,

XII. And be it further enacted, That When and so often as the Copies of the said Register Books of Baptisms, Marriages and Burials as aforesaid, and also the said Lists of Births, Baptisms, Marriages or Burials as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Office of the said Registrars respectively, as aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions hereinbefore contained for that Purpose, the said Registrars shall respectively cause all the said Books and Lifts to be safely and securely deposited, kept and preserved from Damage or Destruction by Fire or otherwise, and to be carefully arranged for the Purpose of being resorted to as Occasion may require; and the said Registrars respectively shall also cause correct alphabetical Lifts to be made and kept in Books suitable to the Purpose, of the Names of all Persons and Places mentioned in such Books and Lifts as shall have been transmitted to the said Registrars respectively, which alphabetical Lifts and Books, and also the Copies of Registers and Lifts so transmitted to the said Registrars as aforesaid, shall be open to public Search at all reasonable times on Payment of the usual Fees.

XIII. And whereas in many Dioceses the Places wherein the Copies of the Parochial Registers of Baptisms, Marriages and Burials, as well as the original Wills proved within the same respectively are kept, are inefficient for their being preserved with due Care; for which a Remedy should be applied in those Dioceses where it shall be found necessary; Be it further enacted, That, in order to a due Examination thereof, the Bishop, together with the Custodes Rotulorum of the several Counties within each Diocese, and the Chancellor thereof, shall, before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, cause a careful Survey to be made of the several Places in which the Parochial Registers, and the Wills proved within the Diocese, are kept 5 and shall make a Report to His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, of the State of the fame, on or before the First Day of March following, setting forth in each case whether the Buildings are in all respects (it and proper for the Preservation of Papers of the above Description, as well with respect to Space as to Security from Fire, and to Protection from Damp, and if not, at what probable Expence they can be made so; and where the Instruments and Papers before mentioned are kept in Dwelling-houses or other Places, which cannot be made fit and secure for the due Preservation thereof, then and iq such case the Persons before named shall esquire and report in like manner at what Expence proper Buildings may be provided, and in what Places, so as to have one Place within each Diocese for the due Preservation of all such Registers and Wills; together with their Opinion upon the most suitable Mode of remunerating the Officers employed in each Registry, for their additional Trouble and Expence in carrying the Provisions of this Act into Execution.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully insert, or cause, or permit to be inserted in any such Register Book of such Baptisms, Burials or Marriages as aforesaid, or in any such Copy of any such Register so directed to be transmitted to the Registrars as aforesaid, or in any such Lifts or Declarations also directed to be transmitted to such Registrars as aforesaid, any false Entry of any Matter or Thing relating to any Baptism, Burial or Marriage, or shall falsely make, alter, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure, or wilfully permit to be falsely made, altered, forged or counterfeited, any Part of any such Register, Lift or Declaration, or of any such Copy of any such Register; or shall wilfully destroy, deface or injure, or cause or procure, or permit to be aestroyed, defaced or injured, any such Register Book, or any Part thereof; or shall knowingly and wilfully sign, or certify any Copy of any such Register hereby required to be transmitted as aforesaid, which shall be false in any Part thereof, knowing the same to be false; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister of any Parish or Chapel, who shall discover any Error to have been committed in the Form or SubflaDcc of the Entry in the Register Book of any such Baptism, Burial or Marriage, respectively by him solemnized, shall be liable to all or any of the Penalties herein mentioned, if he shall within One Calendar Month after the Discovery of such Error, in the Presence of the Parent or Parents of the Child whose Baptism may have been entered in such Register, or of the Parties married, or in the Presence of Two Persons who shall hare attended at any Burial, or in case of the Death or Absence of the respective Parties aforesaid, then in the Presence of the Churchwardens or Chapel wardens, (who shall respectively attest the fame) alter and correct the Entry which shall have been found erroneous, according to the Truth of the case, by Entry in the Margin of the Book wherein such erroneous Entry shall have been made, without any Alteration or Obliteration of the original Entry, and shall lign such Entry in the Margin, and add to such Signature the Day of the Montheund Year when such Correction shall be made: Provided also, that in the fair Copy of the 'Registers respectively which shall be transmitted to the Registrars of the Dioceses, the said Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister (hadl certify the Alterations so made by him as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any mahner diminifti or ineneafe the

Fees heretofore payable or of Right due to any Minister for the Performance of -any of the before mentioned Duties, or to any Minister or Registrar, for giving Copies of such Rttristrations, but that all due legal and accustomed Fees on such Occasions, and all Powers and Remedies for Recovery thereof, shall be and remain as though this Act had not been made. -XVII. Provided

/ ...9 '

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 146* f<?4y

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Duplicate or Copy of any Register of Baptism, Mar- Copy of Regifte*

riage or Burial, made under the Directions and for the Purposes of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Books not sub-Stamp Duty thereon; any Ad now in force to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. to Stamp

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That One Half of the Amount of all Fines or Penalties to be levied ^u^jcat; on of

in pursuance of this Act shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the fame; and the Remainder of such Fines as shall be imposed on any Churchwarden or Chapeljwarden shall go to the Poor of the Parish or

Place for which such Churchwarden or Chapelwarden shall serve; and the Remainder of such Fines as shall be imposed on any Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate or Registrar, shall be paid and applied to such Charitable Purposes, in the County within which the Parish or Place mall be, as shall be appointed and directed by the 4

Bishop of the Diocese.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rector, Vicar, Curate or Officiating Minister of every Parish Lift of ertan* and Chapelry in England, whether subject to the Ordinary, Peculiar or other Jurisdiction, shall transmit to the Resift*r Books Registrar of the Diocese in which the Parish or Chapelry shall be situated, before the First Day of

June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, a List of aft Registers which now are in such Parish or before^1st June Chapelry respectively, Sating the Periods at which they respectively commence and terminate, the Periods 1813.

(if any) for which they are deficient, and the Places where they are deposited.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions in this Act shall extend, so far as cir- Act to extend cumstances will permit, to Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and Chapels of Colleges or Hospitals, and the Churches and burying Grounds belonging thereto; and to the Ministers who shall officiate in such Cathedral or Collegiate p^eh^ot Churches, and Chapels of Colleges or Hospitals, and burying Grounds respectively, and shall baptize, marry

or buiy any Person or Persons, although such Cathedral or Collegiate Churches or Chapels of Colleges or Hospitals, or the burying Grounds belonging thereto, may not be parochial, or the Ministers officiating therein may not be, as such, parochial Ministers, and there shall be no Churchwarden or Churchwardens thereof; and in all such cases, the Books hereinbefore directed to be provided, shall he provided at the Expence of the Body having Right to appoint the Officiating Minister in every such Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Chapel of a College or Hospital 5 and Copies thereof shall be transmitted to the Registrar of the Diocese within which fnen Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Chapel of a College or Hospital shall be, by the Officiating Minister of such Church, in like manner as is herein directed with respect to parochial Ministers, and shall be attested by Two of the Officers of such Church, College or Hospital, as the Copies of parochial Registers are herein directed to be attested by Churchwardens: Provided always, that notningin this Act Marriage Act, contained shall extend to repeal any Provision contained in an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the 26 G-.2- c-33» Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for better preventing Clandestine Provllofur*

Afar riages.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

i I.

BAPTISMS solemnized in the Parish of Sf. A in the County of B. in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

When Baptised. Child's Christian Name. Parents Name. , Abide. Quality, Trade or Profession. By whom the Ceremony was performed.

Christian Surname.

1813. ijl February No. 1. John Son of William-Elizabeth Lambeth.

3 d March i; No. 2. Ann - Drrughftr of " Henry, Martha Fulham. 1

1048 C.T46. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

SCHEDULE (B.)

MARRIAGES solemnized in the Parish of St. A. in the County of B. in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

'i- {; «, J p»*

and C.D. of |^| Parish

were married in this { } b7 { IZZe } with Consent of { }

this Daj of in the Year

f ReQor 1

# By the, /. /. < Vicar

(, Curate J

K A B

This Marriage was solemnized between us5 q jj In the Presence of 5

SCHEDULE (C.)

r.

BURIALS in the Parish of A. in the County of B. in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

Name. Abode. When Buried. Age. By whom the Ceremony va performed.

John JVII/on, No. 1. Duke Streets Westminster. 1813. ift M 62

SCHEDULE (D.)

J do hereby certify, that I did on the

baptize according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, {or Daughter) of and his Wife, by the Name of

To the Rector [or, at the case may be] of

Day of

S01

T do hereby certify, that on the Day of A.B. of

aged k was buried in \Jlating the Place of Burial], and that the

Ceremony of Burial was performed according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Irelin^ by me,

To the Re£tor [er, ai the ease may be] of

SCHEDULE (E.)

To the Registrar of the Diocese of

at

A. 2?.l Churchwardens (or Chapel wardens} of the Parish (or Chapelry) of C. D.J £or such other Description as the case shall require j.

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C. 147, 148, 149. 1049

46 G. c. 84. § L.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act for regulating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of AiTefled Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children, by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty; and for extending the Limitation mentioned in the said Act in Proportion to t^e Increase of the said Duties.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children, certain Allowances were granted to Persons having respectively more than Two Children Lorn in lawful Wedlock and bona fide maintained at their Expence, to be computed on the Amount of the Duties assessed on them by virtue of certain Afcts therein recited, in case the Total Amciint thereof for One Year should be under Forty Pounds: And whereas the Duties granted by the Acts therein recited have been consolidated, and certain other Duties have been added thereto, by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of AJfeJfed Taxes and granting new Duties in lieu thereof and certain ad- 48 G. 3. c. SS* ditional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and certain other additional Duties of Assessed Taxes have also been granted by an Act of the present Sefiiou of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of AJfeJfedTaxes; and for consolidating the fame with the former Duties of AJfeJfed Taxes: And whereas it is expedient to authorize the said Allowances to be computed and granted on the Amount of the Duties to be aftcfTed under the said last mentioned Acts, and the Limitation thereof to be extended in Proportion to the increased Amount as herein after mentioned 5' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Allowances granted by the said first recited Act shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be computed and granted on the Amount of the Duties chargeable by virtue of the said Acts of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid and of the present Session of Parliament: Provided, that the Total Amount of all the Assessments on each Claimant for the whole Year shall in each case be under Forty five Pounds Sterling.

CAP. CXLVIII.

j 2 G. 3. c. 93.

Allowances granted by first recited conv-puted on Amount of Duties chargeable by Two lift recited Afb, provided Assess-menu under 43U

An Act to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the Time being, to dispose of and transfer all such Public Stocks or Funds, as now do or shall hereafter (land in his Name, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England> in Trust for His Majesty.

[28th 1812.]

WHEREAS certain Sums of Money are now (landing in an Account raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled The Account of the Keeber of His Majesty's Privy Purse, in Trust for His Majesty; and it is necessary to sell and dispose of such Stocks or Funds, or 4 a competent Part thereof, to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse to make such Payments as he is by Law directed to make; and Doubts are entertained whether the Keeper of the Privy Purse hath any Authority to make and execute Transfers of such Stocks or Funds, to the Person or Persons who may become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or whether the Governor and Company of the Bank of England could lawfully permit and suffer such Transfers to be made without the Authority of Parliament for so doing : Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Keeper of His Majestys Privy Purle for the Time being be and he is hereby authorized and empowered, when and as he shall in his Discretiou think fit, to make Sale of and transfer and assign all or any Part of the Public Stocks or Funds now (landing, or which shall or may at any time or times hereafter stand, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, on an Account, intituled The Account of the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse; and the said Governor and Company are hereby authorized and required to permit ana suffer the same to be transferred and assigned accordingly, and shall be and they are hereby indemnified for so doing.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the Time being shall and he i& hereby required to account for the Proceeds of all such Stocks or Funds as shall be sold by him by virtue of or under the Authority of this Act, to such Persons as are by Law authorized to receive and audit such Accounts.

Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purle, enabled f to fell and uaeffer Stock;

and to account for Proceeds t# Persons autho* rued to audit Accounts.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the passing of this Act.

[28 th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by the Laws in force, the repacking of Coffee in the Warehouses, and the Separation«of the damaged Part from the found, is only permitted when the Article is intended for Exportation, 51 Geo. III. 6 T 4 and

l°5p

V I

Importers may' under Superintendence of Officer, separate damaged Coffee from found.

Bigs or Calks when Coffee rc-packed marked.

Notice given Officer of time intended for Separation of found from damaged Coffee.

On Complaint of Importer, Commissioners of Customs may order Coffee separated to be resurveyed.

Damaged Coffee not delivered till repacked for Exportation in Calks of not less than 400lbs, &c.

Damaged Coffee mixed with Par-eels of damaged Coffee to make up Quantity of joolbs

How Coffee repacked.

0.149..5a° GEORGII HL ActDn8i2*

and it has been /bund that very great Quantities of unfound and unwholesome Coffee have been brought into Horae Use, to the great Injury of thp Interpfta of the Grower and the Health and Comfort of the

Confuraer For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the ^.dvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, upon the Importation of Coffee the Growth of any British Colony, Plantation or Settlement in Asia, Africa or America, or upon the Importation of Coffee condemned as Prize, it shall and may be lawful within Fourteen Days after the same shall have been deposited in any Warehouses (wherein the fame may be secured according to the Laws ia force), or if the Duty is paid down upon the First Entry thereof, then before the Delivery of such Coffee, for every Importer thereof, under the Superintendence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise, to separate the damaged Coffee from the undamaged Parts thereof, in order that the undamaged and merchantable Parts may be repacked into Casks or Bag9, and that the damaged Parts may he packed in Casks; and in every such case the said Importer, under the Superintendence of such Officer or Officers, shall mark or cause to be marked on every Bag or Cask containing the Coffee so separated as undamaged the Word " Sound" in black Paint in the front of each Bag or on the Head of each Cask, in Letters at least Two Inches long, and upon the Casks containing the Coffee set apart as damaged, the Words u For Exportation 5" and the said Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excite is and are hereby empowered and directed to call in to his or their Assistance in such Sele&ion, the proper Officer or Officers who is or are accustomed to tare and sample Coffee in the public Warehouses and Docks on Behalf of such Importer.

II. And be it enacted, That in all public Docks and Warehouses in the United Kingdom in which Coffee is at present received and stored, or shall or may at any time hereafter be received and stored, the damaged Coffee shall be carefully selected and separated from the found Coffee, and the proper Officer or Officers in the said Docks and Warehouses are hereby required and directed to make such Selection and Separation accordingly: Provided always, that before any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise shall proceed to separate the damaged and unmerchantable Coffee, such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required upon Application in Writing of the Person or Persons in whose Name the said Coffee shall have been warehous'd, to give Notice to him or them of the precise Period when it is the Intention of the said Officer or Officers to proceed to separate the fame, in order that he or they may attend or appoint some Person to attend such Separation in his or their Behalf; and if on such Separation it should appear to the said Party, or his or their Agent so to be appointed and being present upon the Occasion, that from Negligence or Ignorance of the Quality of the Coffee on the Part of the Officer or Officers, or from any other Cause, a greater or smaller Proportion thereof is selected as damaged and unfit for Use in this Country, than in the Judgment of such Importer* or his, her or their Agent, should have been so selected, that then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, upon the Affidavit of such Importer, or his or their Agent, and upon Application for that Purpose, to order and direct that the said Coffee shall be resurveyed by Two indifferent and disinterested Merchants or Brokers experienced in the Nature and Value of the Article, who upon viewing the same shall certify and declare upon their corporal Oaths before the principal Officers of the Customs (who are hereby authorized to administer the same) their Opinion and Determination a3 to the Nature and Extent of the Damage sustained, which Opinion and Determination shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties: Provided always, that in every such case the reasonable Expence of the Persons so to be employed shall be borne by the Importer of the said Coffee: Provided also, that such damaged Coffee shall not be delivered our of the Warfehouse until the same shall have been repacked for Exportation in Casks containing each not less than Four Hundred Pounds net Weight Avoirdupois, except by the special Permission of the Commissionere of His Majesty's Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively, which they, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized to grant, on Proof to their Satisfaction of the Expediency of permitting the same to be exported in smaller Packages, and on Security to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Customs being first given by the Exporter at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Hundred Weight that the same shall be duly exported.

III. And be it further enacted, That in cases where the damaged Parts of any particular or distinct Parcel of Coffee shall in the Whole be less in Quantity than Four hundred Pounds net, it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer of the Customs and Excise, at the Request of the Importer or Proprietor, upon due Notice being given to the proper Officers of Customs and Excise, to mix the fame with any other damaged Coffee belonging to him or them which may have been set apart for the Purpose of Exportation in Casks containing not less than Four hundred Pounds as before mentioned; and in like manner it shall be lawful for the said Officer or Officers, at the joint Request of any Two or more Importers or Proprietors, to mix any Parcels of such Coffee to them respectively belonging, for the Purpose of making the Packages of the Weight required by this Act previous to Exportation, such Request being made in Writing by the said respective Importers or Proprietors to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that as far as practicable the Identity of the Packages in which the*Coffee is imported shall be preserved, ' Be it therefore enacted, That upon the Separation of any Coffee imported either in Casks or Bags, the undamaged Parts shall in the First Place be put into the Packages ia which the fame were imported, beginning with the lowed Number and following in regular numerical 0 Jer; and that it shall and maybe lawful for the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to enter and pay the Duties for and in respect of such undamaged Coffee for Home Consumption, and to remove the fame from and out of the Warehouse notwithstanding the Quantity of such undamaged Coffee may be less in

Quantity

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 149, 150. 1051

Quantity than One hundred Pounds Weight; any thing contained in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That where such Separation of the undamaged from the damaged Coffee Account uke«. shall have been made as aforesaid, a correct Account shall be taken by the proper Officer or Officers of the undamaged Coffee remaining in the original Packages, and of the Quantities of damaged Coffee packed into

Calks as aforesaid; and upon Application in Writing to the said Officer or Officers, a Copy of such Account (Kail be delivered forthwith by him or them to the Importer or Proprietor thereof with the Mark, Number and Weight of each Package, distinguishing such Parts as are undamaged from those which have been set apart for Exportation.

VI. And whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the I0 o.x. c. 1#.

First, among other things, for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts,

Chocolate and Cocoa Pajle imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof \ and for better after*

taining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea and Cocoa Nuts imported\ it was, among other things, enacted, that j 4 no Coffee exceeding the Quantity of Six Pounds Weight should be removed, or carried from any Part of this Kingdom by Land or by Water without a Permit or Certificate as is therein mentioned, upon Pain of forfeiting the Coffee which should be found carrying from one Place to another without such Permit or Certificate, together with the Canisters, Bags, Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Casks and other Vessels or Package whatsoever containing the fame: And whereas it is expedient to exempt from the said Forfeiture all such Coffee* not exceeding the Weight of Eight Pounds, and the Canisters, Bags, Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Casks and other Vessels or Packages whatsoever containing the fame 5' Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the of

passing of this Act, no Coffee of the Quantity of Eight Pounds Weight or under, nor any Canisters, Bags,

Jars, Tubs, Boxes, Casks or other Vessels or Packages whatsoever containing the fame, shall be subject or Permit noc liable to Forfeiture for being found carrying or carried from one Place to another without such Permit or Cer- forfeited, tificate; any thing in the said Act or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Regulations re-Clauses, Matters and Things enacted by the Laws of Customs and Excise in force on and immediately before O*1* Coffee the passing of this Act, in relation to Coffee imported and warehoused, not being expressly repealed, revoked, altere^tocon-altered or controuled'by this present Act, or repugnant to the Provisions herein contained, mall remain and tinue. continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Importers and Proprietors of Coffee now lodged in the different Docks and Warehouses of this Kingdom, or which may be imported previously to the passing of this Act, should be permitted to avail themselves of the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations hereinbefore

contained and provided, Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Importers Regulatious.of or Proprietors of any Coffee, which shall at the time of passing this Act be in any Warehouse in which Coffee Act to e*te«d to may by the Laws now in Force be lodged or secured before Payment of the Duties, or which shall be imported before

previous to the Commencement of this Act, to signify by himselPor themselves, or his or their Agent or p^ngofAt*. Agents in Writing to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, the Wish or Desire of such Importers or Proprietors to take in respect of any such Coffee the Benefit of the several Clauses, Provisions and Regulations hereinbefore contained and provided, as to Coffee to be imported after the Commencement of this Act, and all such Importers or Proprietors of any such Coffee, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, shall > :

in every such case be entitled to have the damaged Part of any such Coffee separated from the undamaged Part thereof, in the same manner and subject to the fame Regulations and Provisions in all respects as are hereinbefore contained or provided with respect to Coffee to be imported after the Commencement of this Act... A

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force from the passing thereof until Continuance of the End of Two Years and no longer..Act.

CAP. CL.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, f© far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the same.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 44 q*C. 9S.

A8 to repeal the federal Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum,

Parchment and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof certai wad Sch. B.

valorem Stamp Duties were imposed on divers Medicines and Medicinal Preparations specified and described in the Schedule of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, Preparations and Compositions thereunto annexed: And whereas it is expedient that the said Schedule should be repealed and an amended Schedule enacted in lieu thereof, and that the said Act should be amended : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand Schedule to Act eight hundred and twelve, the Schedule of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Effence3, Tinctures, Powders, Pre- repealed, and in-parations and Compositions annexed to the said recited Act, and so much of the same Act as relates to the said c^edule^erecv Schedule, or to the extending of the Provisions thereof to the said Schedule, shall be and the same are hereby annexed ui«d. repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule annexed to this Act shall be read with the said recited Act and be deemed and taken a? Part thereof, and shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act, be '

6 T 2 applied

1052 C. 150.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

4Z G. 3. c. 56.

Persons vending Medicines without Paper Cover prov ided by Commissioners of Stamps

[Penalty.]

4* O' 3 c. 56.

44 G* 3* €* 98.

Sch. A.

Persons resident in Edinburgh to take out Licence annually.

Vi&nallers, & c. not required to take out Licence who shall fell artificial or other Waters mentioned in Schedule, ami which shall be drank in Houi'ei.

applied and construed in such and the same manner as if the said Schedule to this Act had been annexed to the said recited Act and especially enacted therein; and that the Duties by the said recited Act imposed on the Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations and Compofuions mentioned in the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be deemed and taken to extend to and attach upon the several Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tindures, PUIh, Powders, Preparations and Compositions mentioned and Tet forth in the Schedule annexed to this Act by the respective Names or Descriptions therein specified, or by whatsoever other Name or Names, Description or Descriptions, the fame or any of them have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be called, known or distinguished, as fully and effectually as if the Schedule hereunto annexed had been annexed to the said recited Aci; and that all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and imposed by the said recited Act and in and by the Act of the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, herein after recited, in any way relating to the Articles, Matters and Things mentioned in the Schedules thereunto respectively annexed, shall be of full Force and EfTed, and shall be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution with regard to the several Articles, Matters and Things mentioned in the Schedule annexed to this Act, in such and the same manner and as fully and effectually as if the Schedule annexed to this Act had been annexed to the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, whether licensed or not, shall utter, vend or expose to Sale, orofFer or keep ready for Sale, whether for Foreign or Home Consumption, or buy, or receiver or keep for the Purpose of selling by Retail, either on his, her or their own Account, or on the Account or Behalf of any other Person or Persons, any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure containing any of the Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Pills, Powders, Preparations or Compositions mentioned and set forth in the Schedule annexed to this Act, without a Paper Cover, Wrapper or Label, provided and supplied by the Commissioners of Stamps, pursuant to the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or to the Act of the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign herein after recited, and duly damped, for denoting the Duty charged on such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, rhial or other Inclosure, being properly and sufficiently paded, duck, fadened or affixed thereto, so and in such manner as that such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure cannot be opened and the Contents poured out or taken therefrom without tearing such {lamped Cover, Wrapper or Label, so as to prevent its being made use of again, then and in such case the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such and the same manner as the pecuniary Penalties imposed by the said Acts of the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, or either of them, in relation to the Duties on Medicines, are or ought to be recovered and applied.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to

repeal an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties, it was enabled, that every Owner, Proprietor, Maker and Compounder of, and every Person in Great Britain, uttering, vending or exposing to Sale or keeping ready for Sale any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindlures, Powders or other Preparations or Compositions whatsoever, used or applied or to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in any wise affecting the human Body, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures with any such Contents as aforesaid, subject to the Duties thereinbefore granted, should annually take out a Licence, which Provision is continued and

enforced by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, with regard to the Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tindures, Powders, Preparations and Compositions, upon which certain Stamp Duties are thereby imposed as aforesaid; and by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, certain Stamp Duties are imposed on the Licences required to be taken out by such Persons as aforesaid, except that by Mistake the Rate of Duty on Licences to be taken out by Persons resident within the City of Edinburgh is not inserted in the Column intituled Scotland" as it should have been, whence Doubts have arisen whether such Licences are liable to any Duty; 9 Be it therefore further enacted, That every such Person as aforesaid resident within the City of Edinburgh, shall be liable to take out a Licence annually, and every such Licence shall be charged with a Stamp Duty of Two Pounds, as fully and effectually as if the Sum of Two Pounds had been inserted in the Column intituled " Scotland" in the Schedule marked (A.) annexed to the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, as the Duty payable on Licences to betaken out by such Persons as aforesaid resident within the City of Edinburgh.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary for any Victualler, Confedioner, Pastry Cook, Fruiterer or other Shopkeeper in Great Britain, who shall only fell any of the artificial or other Waters mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, to be drank in his or her House or Shop, and which shall be actually drank therein, to take out a Licence for that Purpose under the Provisions of the said Acts of the Forty second and Forty fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, provided such Waters shall be loid by him or her in Bottles with Paper Covers, Wrappers or Labels duly stamped, properly and sufficiently patted, stuck, fattened or affixed to the fame in the manner hereinbefore mentioned j any thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Adam's Solvent.

Addison's Re-animating European Balfanu iEthcrial Anodyne Spirit.

Ague and Fever Drops (by Wilson)* Allan's Nipple Liniment.

> Amboyna Lotion.

Amboyoa

A.D. 1812.

Amboyna Mouth Powder.

- Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Pills.

- Salve.

- Soothing Syrup.

- Tincture.

Andalusia Water.

Anderson's Scots Pills.

Angibaud's Lozenges of Blois.

Anodyne Necklace.

Antapopledic Pills.

Appleby's Tea.

Arabian Balsam.

Arnold's Drops.

- Pills.

Arquebusade Water.

Aromatick Spirit of Vinegar.

- Condensed.

Asiatic Bilious Pills.

- Tonic Tincture.

Austin's Chalybeate Pills.

- Liniment.

Balm of Mecca.

- of Quito.

Balsam ot Iceland Liverwort.

Barclay's Antibilious Pills.

- Aftmatic Candy.

- Ointment.

Barlowe's Specific Medicine.

Barron's Cachou de Rose Lozenges.

Barton's Alterative Pomade.

- Vital Wine.

Bateman's Drops.

- Golden Spirit of Scurvy GraL.

- Plain Spirits of Do.

Bath's Pills.

Bayley's British Tooth Powder,

- Ointment.

- Pectoral Pills.

Bcafeley's Family Plaister.

Beaume de Vie.

Beiker's Tincture.

Bell's Restorative Pills.

Bennet's Worm Powders-Benzoin, Essence of.

Berry's Bilious Pills.

Betton's British Oil.

Bird's Ague Tincture.

Birt's Martial Balsam.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.

Blenkenfop's Bilious Pills.

Boerhaave's Antiscorbutic Wine.

Bolderfome's Worm Cakes-Bollman's Specific.

Bolton's Aithmatic Tincture.

Bollock's Cordial.

- Grand Elixir.

Bott's Corn Salve.

- Tooth Powder.

Bourne's ALtherial Essence.

Box's Magnesia Lozenges.

Brabham's Oil.

Brandon's Compofluon or Medicine for the Evil and Scrophula.

Brazil Salts.

Brodum's Botanic Pilb.

--Botanical Syrupv

GEORGII III.

C. 150. IC53

Brodum's Nervous Cordial.

Browne's British Pills.

- Rheumatic Powders.

- Tincture of Yellow Bark.

Bryant's Essence of Coltsfoot.

Burridge's Specific for Rheumatic Gout and Rheu-matism.

Byron's Pills.

Bythell's Pedoral Lozenges.

Camphor, AEtherial Essence of.

Catharmian Water.

Catbeart's Edinburgh Ointment.

- Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment.

- I--- Pills.

Chapman's Cerate

- Chilblain Water.

Ching's Worm Lozenges.

Chinner's Pills.

Church's Anodyne Essence.

- Antispasmodic Elixir.

- Chilblain Ointment.

Cough Drops.

- Eye Salve.

- Pe&oral Pills. Volatile Tincture-

Clerval's Syrup.

Clinton's Oil for Deafnelk-

- Snuff.

Clyde's Balsam.

- Ointment.

Coate's Cough Drops.

Collier's Assistant Pills.

- Ointment.

Remedy for Fiftula and PHe».

Complin's Specific. Cooke's Rheumatic Pills. Family Pills.

Cordial Balm of Gilead,

Cornwell's Fruit Lozenges-

- Opodeldoc.

- Oriental Vegetable Cordiak

Costello's Cerate.

- Collyrium.

Liniment.

Cottier's Resolvent and Healing Plaifler. Cox's Tincture.

Cox well's Castor Oil Medicine. Culpepper^ Herb Cordial.

Cundell'9 Balsam of Honey.

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir, by whomsoever made*. Dalby's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sal Poignant.

- Taftelef8 Salta.

Dawson's Lozenges.

Deering's Drops.

Delefcot'8 Myrtle Opiatev De Velnos' Pills.

Syrup.

Dicey and Co's Bathing Spirits. Dickenson's Cephalic Drops.

.. Red Drops for Convulsions.

- Drops for Fits.

Dixon's Antibilious Pills.

Doaavan's American Vegetable Symp

DcranftorfPfe

C3OO0I C>

t©54 C. 150.

Doranftorff's Opodeldoc*

Dutch Drops.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Cough.

Eau de Cologne.

Eau Medicinale de HufTon.

Edge's Chronic Embrocation.

- Universal Cerate.

Edward's Ague Tincture.

- Nipple Oiittr.f nt.

Elixir of Longevity, or L>wedish Preservative.

Ellis's Aperient Pills.

E{fence Kayou Pouti.

Faick's Cerate;

- Universal Pills.

Felton's Mucilage of Marsh Mallows.

Findon's Drops.

Fisher's Golden Snuff.

Flexney'a Wart Dissolvent.

Fogoni's Tincture.

Ford's Balsam of Horehound.

Foredyce's Cooling Opening Pills.

Foreign Medicines of all Kinds, except Drugs. Fothergill'8 Pedoral Pills.

- Rellorative.

Fraunce's Elixir.

Freake's Tincture of Bark.

Freeman's Bathing Spirits.

- Eye Water.

- Gutta Salutaris.

Friar's Balsam,

Friend to Man.

Frith's Antibilious Elixir.

Fry*8 Worm Pills.

Gall's Antibilious Pills.

Gamble's Aromatic Snuff.

- Sanative Tea.

Garaveni's Styptic.

Gardener's Ointment.

- Pills.

German Com Plaister or Salve.

Gifford's Pills.

Gilbert's Roseate Lotion.

Glasse's Magnesia.

Godbold's Balsam.

Godfrey's Cordial.

- Rose Lozenges.

Gordon*8 Pills.

Gould's Powders and Lotion.

Gowland's Lotion.

Grand Specific or Infallible Antidote to Consumptions.

Grant's Drops.

- Lisbon Tonic Pills.

Green's Honey Lozenges.

- Oil, or Infallible Oct.

- Toothache Pills.

Greenhough'8 Tincture.

- Tolu Lozenges.

Grey's Lozenges.

- Tooth Powder.

Griffin's Asthmatic Tincture.

Grubb's Fryars Drops.

Guest's Lotion.

- Pills.

Powder.

- Tooth Powder.

- Welcome Gteil.

A.D. 1881 a*

Haarlem's Drops.

Hadley's Convulsion Powders.

Hallam's Anima of Quaffia.

- Antibilious Pills.

- Quaffia Do.

Hamilton's Aftmatic Effluvia.

- Cinnamon Drops.

- Com Salve.

*----- Patent Mineral Water.

- Vegetable Balsamic Tin61 ore.

Hannay's Walh.

Harrison's Pile Lozenges.

Harvey's Anti-Venereal Pills.

- Grand Rellorative Drops.

Hatfield's Tidure.

Hayman's Maredant's Drops.

Hayward's Stomatic Lozenges*

- Anti-Acid Do.

- Samaritan Water.

Hemet's Essence of Pearl.

- Pearl Dentrifice.

Heming's Pine Bud Lozenges.

Henry's Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar*

- Magnesia.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pills.

Hickman'6 Pills.

Hill's Balsam of Honey.

--Bardana Drops.

- Canada Balsam.

--Essence of Water Dock.

- Gout Essence.

--Tin6lure of Centaury.

- Sage.

Valerian.

Hinde's Powders.

- Drops.

Hodson's Aromatic Nervine Tea.

- Imperial Oil.

- Persian Rellorative*

- Syrup.

Holnsworth'8 Lozenges.

Hollinglhead's Balsam.

Hooper's Female Pills.

Hooping Cough Drops.

Hope's He£lic Pills.

Howell's Powders for Epiiepfy.

Hudfdn's Tablets for the Worms.

Hungary Balsam for the Stone and GraTcl.

Hunt's Family Pills.

Hunter's Elixir.

- Pills.

- Restorative.

Jackson's Asthmatic Candy.

- Com Salve.

- Ointment.

- Tin dure.

Jacobson's Cough Drops.

James's Analeptic Pills.

- Antibilious Pills.

- Fever Powder.

- Medicine for the Dropsy.

- Tin Powder for the Worms,

Jebb*6, Sir Richard, Elixir.

- Pills.

Jenkins's Salve.

Jesuits' Drops.

imperial Anodyne Opodeldo?.

Infallible

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III.

Infallible Restorative.

Inglis's Scots Pills.

Johnson's Golden Ointment for the Eyes.

Johnston's Essence of Horehound.

Johntenocco's Tooth Powder.

Jones's Rheumatic Tincture.

Irvine's Fruit Lozenges.

Juniper's Essence of Penny Royal.

- Peppermint.

Kemp's Gangrene Ointment.

Kennedy's Corn Salve or Plaister.

Keyfer's PiPs.

Knight's Fills.

Lamert's Balsam.

Lancaster Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

- Chilblain Water.

- Pills

- Purifying Drops.

Leathe's Lotion.

Le Cour's Imperial Oil.

Lee's Lozenges.

Lewis's Salve.

- Specific Pills.

- Tincture of Angustura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel.

Lobb's Stomatic Tincture.

Lockyer's Pills.

Lord's Corn Salve or Plaister.

Lorraine's Consumptive Pills.

Lowrie's Eye Water.

Lowther's Drops.

- Nervous Powders,

Lozenges Aniseed.

- Benzoin.

- Camomile.

- Ginger.

- Horehound.

"----- Ipecacuanha,

- Patirofa.

- Peppermint.

- P°ppy-

- Rose.

- Rofeated Liquorice.

- Specific.

- Spermaceti.

- Tolu.

Lucas's Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte's British Pills.

Lygnum's Antiscorbutic Drops.

- Lotion.

- Pills.

Lynch's Embrocation.

Madden's Vegetable Essence.

Magnesia Tablets.

Manne's Cough Medicine.

Mapfon's Sanative Salve.

Mar shall's Cerate.

- Wart Diflolvent.

- Heal-all.

Mason's Ointment.

Matthew's or Matthews's Alterative Medidne.

- Chymical Ti&ure.

u?--- — - Remedy for curing Fiftula and Piles

without Cutting or Pain.

- Samaritan- Restorative.

Mayerfbach's Balsamic Pillfli

C. 150.

Mayerfbach's Mixture.

- Restorative Powders.

Med ley'8 Aromatic Herb Snuff.

Metallic Tra&ors.

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment.

Mollineaux's Ointment.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powders.

Nailor's Corn Ointment.

Newton's Restorative Tooth Powder.

Norman's Syrup.

Norris's Chalybeate Pills.

- Drops.

- Tonic Essence.

Norton's Maredant's Drops.

Odontalgic Elixir for Tooth Ache.

Oliver's Remedy for Consumption.

Oliverian Ointment for the Piles.

Orme's Medicine.

Ormskirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog. Oxley's Essence of Jamaica Ginger.

- Stomatic Tincture.

Palmer's Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Paris Ointment.

Pafchall's Teething Remedy.

Pe&oral Essence of Coltsfoot.

Perkins' Metallic Tra&ors.

Perrin's Balsam of Lungwort.

- Antibilious or Cough Pills.

- Pile Ointment.

- Powder for the Hooping Cough*

Perry's Essence.

Peter's Pills.

- Tincture.

Pidding's Balsam of Liquorice.

Pike's Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

- Royal.

Potter's Pills.

Powell's Camphor Liniment.

- Eye Salve.

Price's Breast Salve.

Prickett's Styptic.

Prince's Ruifia Oil.

Pullen's Antiscorbutic Pills.

- Purging Pills.

Purland's Expedorating Pills.

Pyrmont' Tablets.

Radcliffe's Purging Elixir.

- Rheumatic Tincture.

Randall's Essence of Ginger.

Refined British Oil.

Relfe's Nipple Ointment.

Richardson's British Corn Salve or Plaister.

Riga Balsam.

Robberd's Cough Drops.

Robert's Worm Sugar Plums.

Robertson's Vegetable Julep.

Roche'8 Embrocation.

Roe's English Coffee for Nervous Disorders.

Rogers' Antibilious Elixir.

- Antiscorbutic Pills.

Rook's Balsam.

Rose Tablets.

Rufpini's Styptic.

« — Tincture.

Rufpini's

I055

52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

C. 150.

Rufpini's Tincture for the Tooth Ache.

- Tooth Powder.

Ryan's Essence of Coltsfoot.

Rymer's Cordiac and Nervous Tincture,

- Detergent Pills.

- E (fence of Garlick.

- Pe&oral Medicine.

- Tonic Pills.

Salmon's Guttse Vitae.

Savage's Oil.

Saville's Ointment.

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult's Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot's Gout Pills.

Senate's Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel.

Severn's Worm Tea.

- Ague Cakes.

Sharpe's Hepatic Pills.

Sharp's Drops for Cancers.

Shaw's Sovereign Itch Ointment.

Shee's Specific Drops.

- Pills.

- Preventive Lotion.

Sibley's Lunar Tincture.

- Solar Do.

Simson's Infallible ^Ethereal Tincture.

Singleton's Golden Ointment.

Sloane's, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart*6 Tincture of Cafcarilla Bark.

Smellome'8 Eye Salve.

Smith's Antibilious Pills.

- Antihe&ic Balsam.

- Cooling Opening Pills.

- Drops.

- Purifying Pills.

- Restorative Medicated Wine.

Smyth's Drops.

- Restorative.

Solander's Sanative Tea.

Soley's Essence of Squills.

Solomon's Abftergent.

- Anti Impetigines.

- Balm of Gilead.

Spain's Restorative Oil.

Speediman's Stomach Pills.

Specific Convulsion Drops.

- for the Yellow Fever.

- Remedy (by Weffels).

- Tincture.

Spence's Dentrifice.

Spilfbury's Antiscorbutic Drops.

- Compound Essence.

SpinlufPs Aromatic Bilious Cordial.

Squire's Elixir.

Squirrel's Drops.

- Tonic Pills.

- Powders.

Steer's Camomile Drops.

- Camphorated Eye Water.

--Convulsion Oil.

- Nitre Drops.

--Opodeldoc.

Paregoric Lozenges.

- Paging Elixir.

- Solution of Myrrh.

Sterne's Balsamic iEther.

Sterne's Stomatic Tablets.

- Tincture of Gout Drops.

Storey's Worm Cakes.

Stoughton's Bitters.

- Elixir.

Stringer's Essence of Myrrh.

- Myrrh Dentrifice.

- Paregoric Lozenges.

Swedish Preservative, or Elixir of Longevity. Swinfen's Anti-Acid.

- Eleduary.

- Ointment.

- Worm Sugar Cakes.

Swiss Balsam.

Syrian Com Plaister.

Tasteless Ague Drops.

- Fever Drops.

Taylor's Antispasmodic Pills.

- Remedy for Deafness.

- Restorative Balsam for the Eyes.

Thomas's Tolu Essence.

Thompson's Ague Tincture.

- Patent Medicinal Water.

Tickell's IEther.

Tincture for the Teeth and Gums.

Tooley's Cordial.

Tooth Ache Fluid.

Tooth Powder, Asiatic.

- Paraguay.

- Royal.

Trotter's Asiatic Tooth Powden Trowbridge's Golden Pills.

Tuberofa vitae or Chilblain Water.

Turlington's Balsam.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten's Gout Cordial.

Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Walford's Pancreatic Powders.

Walker s Jesuits Drops.

- Specific Remedy.

- Stomatic Wine.

Walkey's Tooth Powder.

Waller's Ointment.

WalftPs Antipertuffis.

- Coltsfoot Lozenges.

- Ginger Seeds.

- Pills.

Ward's Dropsy Pills.

- Essence for the Head Ache.

- Liquid Sweat.

- Paste.

- Powders.

- Red Pills.

- Sack Drops.

- Sweating Powder.

- White Drops.

Ware's Asthmatic Drops.

Warren's Analeptic Powders.

- British Tooth Powder.

Waters, videlicet — All artificial Mineral Waters, and all Waters impregnated with Soda or Mineral AlkaK, or with Carbonic Acid Gas, and all Compositions in a liquid or solid State, to be used for the Purpose of compounding or making any of the said Waters.

Webster's

A.D. 181j. 52° GEORGII IIf. C. 150.

Webster's Diet Drink.

Welsh's Female Pills.

Wheatley's Ointment.

- F'uid.

Whitehead's Cerate.

- Essence of Mullard.

- of Horehound.

- Pills.

Whittell's Black Drops.

Williams' Aperient Pills.

- Essence of Benzoin or Pulmonic Drops.

Williams' Spa Elixir, or Rellorative Drops. Willis's Asthmatic Pills.

Wilson's Balsam.

- Opening Pills.

- Powders.

Winch's Cough Drops.

Withers's Essence of Camomile.

Wray's Ague Pills.

York Medicinal Preventive Lotion. Zimmerman's Stimulating Fluid.

And also all other Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Tinctures, Potions, Cordials, Ele&uaries, Plaiflers, Unguents. Salves, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, Medicated Herbs, and Waters, chemical and officinal Preparations whatsoever, to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in any Strife affecting the human Body, made, prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein the Person making, preparing, uttering, vending or expofwg to Sale the fame, hath or claims to have any occult Secret or Art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath or claims to have any exclusive Right or Title to the making or preparing the fame, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are or shall hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are or shall hereafter be by any Public Notice or Advertisement, or by any written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Label or Words written or printed, affixed to, or delivered with any Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial or other Inclosure containing the fame, held out or recommended to the Public by the Makers, Venders or Proprietors thereof as Noflrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial to the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment, Disorder or Complaint incident to or in any wise affecting the human Body.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

All Drugs named or contained in the Book of Rates subscribed with the Name of Sir Harbottle Grimflone Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the A & of Tonnage and Poundage made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and in another Book of Rates intituled " An Additional Book of €t Rates of Goods and Merchandizes usually imported and not particularly rated in the Book of Rates re-u ferred to in the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles " the Second, with Rules, Orders and Regulations signed by the Right Honourable Spencer Compton,* Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, and mentioned and referred to by an Act made in the u Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First."

All Medicinal Drugs whatsoever which shall be uttered or vended entire without any Mixture or Composition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatsoever by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist or Druggist who hath served a regular Apprenticeship, or by any Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any Commission or Appointment duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office, or by any other Person whatsoever licensed to fell any of the Medicines chargeable with a Stamp Duty.

And also all Mixtures, Compositions or Preparations whatsoever mixed or compounded with or prepared from Medicinal Drugs, Medicated or Chemical Preparations or Compositions, or other Ingredients bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues or Efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist or Druggist as aforesaid, or by any such Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any such Commission or Appointment as aforesaid, the different Denomination, Properties, Qualities, Virtues and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Compositions arid Preparations as aforesaid are known, admitted and approved of in the Preservation, Cure or Relief of any Disorder, Malady, Ailment or Complaint incident to or in any wise affecting the Human Body, and wherein the Person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering or vending the fame, nath not nor claims to have any "Occult Secret or Art for the mixing, compounding or preparing the fame, nor hath nor claims to have any exclusive Right or Title to the mixing; compounding or preparing, or to the vending of the fame, and which Mixtures, Compositions or Preparations have not been, are not, nor shall hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are or shall hereafter be by any Public Notice, Advertisement, or by any Written or Printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Labels or Words written or printed and affixed to or delivered with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Public by the Owners, Proprietors, Makers, Compounders, Original or First Vendors thereof as Nostrums or Proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment or Complaint as aforesaid.

52 Geo. III.

6V.

IG57

12 Car. 2. c. 4. 11 G.i. c. 7.

1058 C. 151, i$2, 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

CAP. CLI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Pensions and Allowances as are given to British Officers under the like Circumstances.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to authorize the allowing9VV Officers to retire on Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain Rejl rid ions: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be further extended; Be it therefore enacted Inf eft hut Field ky the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern-Officers oi Mili- pond, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be tia, tkc. allowed lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to allow any Officer who shall have been appointed or shall Half Pay (toge- be appointed to act as Inspecting Field Officer of the Militia or Volunteers or of Recruiting Dittridls, the Half ther with Ar- pay of the Commission which he shall have held at the Period of being so appointed; and every such Officer Tnfffion°heIdTt w^° ^ave ^een a^owe^ to retire on Half Pay upon or for the Purpose of being appointed to act as such time of Ap- Field Officer, shall be entitled to and shall receive all Arrears of Half Pay which may have become due to and pointment. uot been paid to him in respect of such Half Pay as aforesaid.

Quarter Mailers

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to allow any Quarter Master serving aft^TIfirt &Cn Majesty's Forces either in the Cavalry or Infantry, at the Expiration of Thirty Years actual Military

Years Service Service, Twelve Years of which Service shall have been as a Quarter Master, and who shall be certified to be

Twelve of which unfit for further Duty, and to have served such respective Periods as aforesaid (such Certificates to be made and shall have been given by such Persons, Medical or others, and in such Form and Manner as shall be required by the Secretary u Quarter at War in that Behalf) to retire under the Provisions of this Act, and to receive the Full Pay of the Commission which he shall have held at the time of his being so allowed to retire as aforesaid.

III. And whereas an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

3« 43. < yjn /Iq to enable Subjects of France to enli/l as Soldiers in Regiments to fence on the Continent of Europe, and in

certain other Places; and to enable His majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive9Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Reflridions: And whereas another Act 44 O.3.C. 75.«passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling Subjects

9 of Foreign States to enli/l as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Com- miffiions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, or as Engineers, under certain Reflridions; and to 'w9demnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enli/l any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions9as aforesaid: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- G. 3. c. 43.9tituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present

9 Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enli/l as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and to indemnify9those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom: And whereas it is just and expedient that Provisions should be made for authorizing the granting to Officers serving or who have served9under any of the Provisions of the said Acts, such Pensions and Allowances as are granted to Officers wounded p _ 4 in His Majesty's Service under the like Circumstances* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for

wounded allowed His Majesty from time to time to allow to any Foreign Officer in His Service, serving under any of the like Pensions, Provisions of the said recited Acts, and who shall have been or shall be wounded in His Majesty's Service, suche. ware granted and the like Pensions and Allowances as are or may be allowed and granted to any Officer m His Majesty's to any Officers Service under similar circumstances, by any Law or Regulation now in force, or which may be hereafter mack ct !, £iur a°d established, although such Provisions and Allowances may exceed the Amount of the Half Pay of the ireum its. Rank held by any such Officer; any thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CLII.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established in the different Offices for the issuing and Payment

W of Public Monies required for Army and Navy Services, have been found beneficial 2 And wherea*

9 the Act now in force for regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia requires

9 Amendment, and it is expedient that many of the Provisions contained in the said Act relating to thelarae*

should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be made; 9 and it is necessary, for the Purposes aforesaid, that the said Act should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

49 G. 3. €.xit. a^ter pacing of this Act, an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act repealed. for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Ajent General

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall be and

apply for hereby authorized and empowered to apply for Money, for the different Services to which he may hiTe

>cca or b* authorized to act as Agent General, in the same manner as the Monies required for such Ser-

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 152. 1059

vices have hitherto been applied for, through the Secretary at War and the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary at War for the time being shall approve of and au- Secretary at thorize the Issues of such Sums for the said Services as he may deem proper, by Warrants addressed to the Wartoautho-Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; in which Warrants the Secretary at War shall specify for Sumi forSer-what particular Service or Services the said Money is wanted; and the said Paymaster General shall, in all Memorials vices wjllc'h

to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for such Services, pray that such Sum as is required may be Money paid inis

issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account, specify ing in every such Memo- Bank*

rial the Sum required, and for what particular Service or Services; and the Commimoners of His Majesty's

Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by their Letter from time to time shall direct the

Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the

Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, naming such Paymaster General for the time being, the Sum spe-

cified in such Letter upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Paymaster General; for

which the Receipt of the Ca/hier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient

Discharge 5 and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be issued from the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and not to the Pay-

master General of His Majesty's Forces, and shall be placed to the Account in the Books of the said Governor

and Company, intituled The Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces, inserting the

Name of such Paymaster General for the time being; and the said Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces

for the time being shall and is hereby required to write off or transfer all such Sums as shall be so placed to his

Account as aforesaid to the Account in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

intituled The Account of the Agent General for Volunteers, Local Militia, and Militia and Defence A8sf which

Account the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open; in which

Transfer and Account shall be inserted the Name of such Agent General for the time being; for which

Sumsfo written off or transferred the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company

shall be a sufficient Discharge in the Accounts of the said Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury by Usual Tees, reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what has been usually paid upon Imprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the Form or Custom of transading Business between the Exchequer Pay

Office and Bank severally.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Bills drawn, ac* Militia for the time being, by himself or his Deputy, or the Petfonor Persons in his Office, duly authorized by cepted payable the said Agent General, to accept all Bills of Exchange which shall be drawn upon him by any Officers of At 1 iC aQ Volunteers or Local Militia or other Persons duly authorized by the Secretary at War, payable at the Bank of England; and every such Bill shall specify the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned

is to be applied; and no Bill so accepted shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor and Company, unless the Service for which it is drawn shall be specified thereon, and unless it shall be actually paid by Service for the said Governor and Company; and the Monies so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on account which Bills are of the said Agent General shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for the Public Services for which his said drawn specified. Account is opened, and in pursuance of Bills of Exchange drawn upon the said Agent General and accepted as aforesaid, on which shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied; and which Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Bills, or to their Order or Orders, according to the usual Course in respect of Bills of Exchange.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from time Secretary at to time to authorize and empower the said Agent General to draw on the Bank of England for such Sums as may em-the Secretary at War shall deem proper for the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances to the Persons em- Power Agent ployed in his Office, and for such Sum9 as shall be necessary for Payments on his Petty Accounts; and the ^B^nk for laid Agent General shall not draw any Draft or Check upon the Bank of England, unless he shall have been Payment of so authorized; and no Draft or Check whatever shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to the said Governor Salaries, and Company, unless they shall also receive a Letter from the Secretary at War, desiring that the fame may

be paid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Accounts shall be kept by the Bank of England of all Monies issued As>ent General or directed to be paid through the said Agent General for the time being for Public Services; and the said to keep Accounts Agent General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable lor any Money wilhBank. which he shall not aduaffy receive, or which shall not be actually drawn for by him or paid upon the Bills accepted by him, or his Deputy or other Person or Persons authorized by him as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually

received by them for such Public Services.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received by the said Agent General for Public Money received Services, shall be immediately paid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to his Account there in man- fnr Public Ser-ner aforesaid 5 and such Money shall be issued, paid and applied in such and the like manner, and under the fame c«spald ilU# Regulations and Restrictions as the Money to be issued for such Services is herein directed to be issued, paid andu applied under the Directions of the Secretary at War.

IX. And, in order that the Secretary at War may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Cash in the Balance* cf Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Agent General for Volun- Public Money tears and Local Militia, and thereby be enabled to judge of the Necessity and Propriety of further J ffues, and ftaled Jecrf*

6U1 prerwttar*W*

io6o

monthly by Agent General, &c.

On Death or Removal of Agent General, Balance shall veil in Successor.

Succeeding Agent General to accept Bills for Charges, and pay outltnnaing Bills;

but not charged with Bills ac-cepted by Predecessor.

Vouchen delivered to Auditors.

Mode of making up Accounts,

*cc. on Death, &c. of Agent f General within : !ie Year.

'J , : etu.v

Monthly Accounts of Re-

eiptS, SCC. tO

Secretary at "War, who shall certify, &c. if cor red.

Agent General to make up annual Accounts.

Mode of making

up.

Mode of trans-initnng General and separate Accounts to Auditors, and giving Acquittances upon Accounts.

C. 152. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of Public Money in the Hands of the said Governor and Company, be it enacted, That once in every Month, or oftener if required, such Agent General or his Deputy shall state to the Secretary at War the Sum Total of the Balance of Public Money on Account of the Agent General, in the Hands of the Governor and Company, together with an Account of all outstanding Drafts or Bills with which such Balance is chargeable, and to which it is to he applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of any Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, the Balance of Cash which shall at that time remain at the Credit of his Account or Accounts as Agent General, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed, actually veil in such Successor in Trust for the Public Services for which the fame were issued, and shall forthwith be transferred, carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Services in the manner hereinbefore directed; and the succeeding Agent General shall and he is hereby directed and required to submit Statements to the Secretary at War, and to accept Bills as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on account of Public Services, although the same shall have accrued in the time of any preceding Agent General; and all outstanding Bills which may have been accepted by such preceding Agent General ornis Deputy, or the Person or Personsduly authorized as aforesaid shall be paid from the said Accounts by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandp notwithstanding the Death, Resignation or Removal of such Agent General: Provided always, that such succeeding Agent General shall not be held accountable for any Sum or Sums of Money which may be issued upon such outstanding Bills, notwithstanding the Payment of the fame may take place after the Date of his Appointment, But the Agent General so dying or going out of Office, his Heirs and Executors, shall be charged with the total Amount of all such outstanding Bills so accepted by him or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, and which may have been or shall be so paid by any succeeding Agent General; and all Bills, Drafts or Orders, so paid by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for such Acceptances as aforesaid, shall be delivered by such Agent General so going out of Office, or by the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General dying, as his or their own proper Vouchers, and shall be delivered by him or them to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death, Resignation or Removal of any Agent General within the Yaar, the Accounts shall be so made up as to include and distinguish the actual Payments made on the Bills accepted by each Agent General, or by his Deputy or Deputies, or the Person or Persons duly authorized by them or either of them respectively within the Year, and to specify and distinguish the respective Balances (if any) remaining on the Death, Resignation or Removal of any Agent General, on his several Accounts as aforesaid, and transferred over to the succeeding Agent General, so as to enable the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to distinguish each Account, and to examine and declare the Accounts of any Agent General so dying or going out of Office, as a separate and distinct Account; and the Transfer of such Balances to any succeeding Agent General shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General To dying or going out of Office, for the Amount of such Balances, and a Quietus and full Acquittance shall be given to the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any Agent General so dying, or to the Agent General, or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators so going out of Office, for his Account or Accounts as aforesaid, when and as fooa as the same shall have been examined and declared; and the succeeding Agent General shall become charged with the Balances so transferred as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Agent General for the time being shall transmit to the Secretary at War, Monthly Accounts of all his Receipts and Payments applicable to each separate Head of Service, and also a separate and correct Lid of all the Payments made by him within the Month; and shall specify the Authorities under which the fame were made; and that the Secretary at War shall cause such Accounts and Lists of Payments to be checked by the Books of his Department; and if the same shall be found correct, shall return such Lifts certified accordingly, specifying in each Certificate the Amount authorized to be paid by such Agent General.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall make up Annual Accounts ending on the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, applicable to each separate Head of Service, of all Monies received and Payments made by him, within the Penod of the said Accounts respectively; in which Accounts the said Agent General shall charge himself with the Balance actually transferred to his Account at the Bank of England, from the Account of the preceding Agent General, or with the Balance brought forward from his Account for the Year preceding (as the cale may be), and also with all Sums carried to his Account at the Bank within the Period of the Account 5 and the said Agent General shall state, on the Credit Side of such Account, the Amount of each of his Monthly LifU of Payments, which shall have been duly certified by the Secretary at War.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the general Annual Accounts of the Agent General for the time being, so made up as aforesaid, together with the separate Monthly Lists of Payments certified by the Secretary at War, with the proper Vouchers for the actual Payment of the Sums therein contained, shall, within Three Months after the Twenty fourth Day of December in each Year, be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; who fliau and they are hereby directed and required, with the least possible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be examined the fame, and shall discharge the said Agent General of all Sums paid in pursuance of the Authority of the Secretary at War; and the said Commissioners shall, after such Examination, present or cause to be presented to the proper Office for Declaration, the said Accounts as aforesaid, specifying the Amount discharged by proper Vouchers, and the Amount with which the Agent General is to remain charged for the succeeding Year, oa account of Balances (if any)

9 remaining

A.D. 1812« 52° GEO. RGII III. 'C. 152, 153, 1.54.

remaining on such Accounts as aforesaid $ and when such Accounts so discharged as aforesaid shall be declared, a Quietus or Acquittance, in the usual Form, shall be made out to the Agent General, his Heirs, Executors ana Administrators, for such Account so declared as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts and all Vouchers whatever kept in the Offices of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall belong to the said Office, and shall not be at the Disposal of the Agent General to take and dispose of the same as his private and proper Books of Account and Vouchers; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Person who hath exercised the Office of Agent General, or his or their Executors or Administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any Person or Persons authorized by him or them from taking Copies or Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer shall be made out for such Agent General, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators; nor the Transmiuion of the Vouchers in due time to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Agent General for the time being, or his Deputy, or Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Bill of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft or Instrument in Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on account of the Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Bill of Exchange, Acceptance, Draft, Instrument or Writing in form of a Draft made by such Agent General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or publifti any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn upon the said Agent General on account of the Pay or Allowances of the Militia or Local Militia, or of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, or of any Staff Officers, or which may be drawn by any Clerks of Subdivision, or any Persons under the Directions of the Secretary at War, for the Payment of Bounties or any other Public Service whatever, and also all Bills, Drafts or Orders by which any Balances, Fines, Penalties, Bounties or any other Sums of Money whatsoever are remitted to the Bank of England, or the said Agent General for Public Services, may and shall be drawn upon undamped Paper $ and no such Bill, Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written upon undamped Paper; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. CLIII.

An Act to rectify a Mistake and to carry into more effectual Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

[28th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for amending an Act

VY of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the British White Herring Fishery: 1 And whereas it was intended by the said Act that the Bounty granted by an Act made in the Forty eighth ' Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the

British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen^ and from thenceforth to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to Vessels of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen,

should be extended to Vessels of not less than Forty five Tons Burthen; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton granted by the said Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Buss or Vessel of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen, shall and may be paid to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Buss or Vessel of not less than Forty five Tons Burthen, being British-\*\i\\x> owned in Great Britain, and manned, navigated and registered according to Law, which since the Twenty sixth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven has been or shall be fitted out and actually employed in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, in the manner and subject to all the Regulations and Provisions prescribed by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Vessel of less than Sixty Tons and not less than Forty five Tons Burthen shall be deemed to have been or to be properly fitted out for and duly employed in the British Deep Sea White Herring Fishery, foas to entitle the Owner or Owners thereof to any Bounty on the Tonnage thereof, by virtue of the said Act or this Act, unless such Buss or Vessel shall have been or shall be manned with Ten Men or with Eight Men and Two Boys not under Thirteen Years of Age.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty. certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidafccl Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand

i*o 6 f

Quietus.

Books of Accounts and Vouchers to belong to Office of Agent General, and not considered private Property.

Forging Draft# in Name of Agent General, &c.

Death.

B'dls for Pay, &c. or Order#

for remitting Money on account of Local Militia. &c. drawn on undamped Paper.

51 G. 3. c. 101.

48 G. 3. c. no.

Bounty of 3l. per Too by l8G. 3. Ci not Owners of

VeflVls of not less th in 60 Tons extended to Vessels of 45 Tons.

How VefTtU fitted out.

1062 0.154.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

'fond eight hundred and twelve; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. £a8th July 1812.]

i

I. £ 3, 600, 000 0

II. 8, 000, 000 0

III.0, 400, 000 0

VI.

VII.

VIII.

o Out of Surplus of British Consolidated Fund, o Part of Sum remaining in the Exchequer to complete 20)000)000 granted out of Produce of War Taxes for 1811 o From the following Du ties, viz.

Additional Excise under 43 G. 3. c. 70.

- Excise on Tobacco, &c. 46 G. 3. c. 39.

- Duties on Property - c. 65.

- Excise on Brandy 47 G.3. Sejf. 1.^27.

-Customs 49 G.3. r.98.

Additional Duty on Wood 51 G.3. r.43,

- Linen — r.44.

- Copper r.31.

New Duties on Importation of

Hides in the Hair - r.67.

Additional Duties of Customs on

Fir Timber - - — r 93.

--on Mahogany 52 G.3..36.

- on Wood and

IV. 2, 209, 626 o o

Pot and Pearl Ashes - — r. 117.

Exchequer Bills charged upon Supplies for 1811, subscribed to be funded pursuant to the Refo-lutions of the House of Commons of 17th February and 9th March 1812

V. 441, 218 o o From Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores

The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt and Pension Ad, not exceeding

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1812.

For Naval Services herein after expressed.

See § VIII.

3, 000, 000 O O

10, 500, 000 O O

1, 500, 000 O O

6, 789, 625 O O

22, 500, 000 O O

5, 000, 000 O O

Lotteries

8, 000, 000 O O

20, 400, 000 O O

441, 218 0 0

2, 600, 000 0 0

The folio wing. Suit

1, 500, 000 0 0

4, 350, 000 0 0

Share of Lotteries

500, 000 0 0

j, 216, 6663 4

Appropriation, viz,

20, 442, 149 2 3

3*345.875 0 0

4.453*31* 10 0

3-675»75° 0 0

659, 750 0 0

1, 038, 514 3 2

408, 6ll 8 10

6i, 915> 3

52,

1.

4*

24.

- c.

- c.

gy.

86.

Exchequer Bills Ditto Annuities

Ditto (after remitting4, 350, 000l. to Ireland; and 2, 500, 00o/. for East India Company)

Exchequer Bills

(deduding One third for Ireland) --- — c. 125.

Part of Monies remaining to be received t8th Jan. 1812, to complete 20, 000, 000l. granted out of Produce of War Taxes 1811.

(granted above, $ III.)

(granted above, § V.)

(granted above, § I.)

Appropriated to Uses after expressed.

See $ VIII., &c.

Annuities and Treasury Bills Annuities

Treasury Bills Ditto

coming into the Irish Exchequer under the Acts.

yzG.3,

c. 70.

- c. 8y.;

- r.iay. f

- r. 90.

- r. 113.]

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed.

See § XXV., &c.

d.

61

1, 696, 621 o o

For Naval Services 5 that is to foy, £ /. For 145, 000 Men, 1 A f 1 15

For Viduak, ( vf J 2 7

For Wear and Tear of Ships, («. i 19

ForOrdnanceforSeaService, ) Month' (o 7 For Salaries and Expences ot Admiralty, &c.

For Half Pay, See. to Officers of Navy and Marines, &c.

For Superannuations, See. in Admiralty and Trauf-port Service*- For Building and Repairsof Ships of War and Extras

For 13 Months.

h05c>39°

A.I>.i8iiv

52° GEORGII III.

C.i54t

IX.

.0S&»390 o o

2, 678, 092 12 O 280, 316 4 O

878, 742 O O

90.000 o o 38, 199 4 o

80.000 o o

2, 000, 000 0 0

X, 400, obo o o

XI. 25, 174, 75615 o 7, 667, 408 11 6

3, 099, 965 o 3

720*178 o o 27, 783 19 2

581, 863 14 5

3, »944 o 3

292, 052 17 10

219, 5(1 o 10

i3>!95 >9 6

5+1, 471 18 9

59, 369 12 6

53M69 13 11 2, 146, 652 12 IO

21, 306 13 10

128, 468 14 It) 25, 289 6 8

451, 080 7 o 267, 214 3 o

*6*547 3*

For-the Year 1812.

For Provisions for Troops and Garrisong on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops embarked on board Transporti For Hire of Transports - For Sick and Wonnded Seamen at Home and Abroad -

For Prisoner8 of War in Health at Home and Abroad -

Ditto Sick

For Salaries, Stationary and Contingencies Transport Office - For purchasing Quarries for Plymouth Break Water.

For Portugal, " to enable His Majesty to continue to maintain in his Pay ar Body of Portuguese Troops, and to give such further Aid and Assistance u to the Government of Portugal as the Nature of the Contest in which* " His Majesty is engaged may appear to'him to require."

For Engagements with His Sicilian Majesty For Land Forces and other Services 5 that is to say,

For Land Forces at Home and Abroad (except in the East Indies, Foreign Corps in British Pay and Embodied Militia) -

For Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Irr-land* and of the Royal Corpa-of Miners of Devon and Cornwall

For Local Militia Force in Great Britain For Five Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot for recruiting Corps serving in India -

For General and Staff Officers and' Officers of Hospitals at Home and Abroad, and Charge of Garrisons -

For FullPay for Supernumerary Officers of Forces For principal Officers of several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks and Contingent Expences, and Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General -

For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces including British .American Forces and Scotch Brigade, late in the Service of the States General For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces, including British American Forces.j For In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and AT/- / main bam Hospitals, and Expences of the Hospitals

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Expences attending the fame in Great Britain and Ireland For Volunteer Corps in Great Britain*nd Ireland'

For Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain and Ireland.

For Allowances to retired Chaplains and Allowances to Clergymen officiating with Forces at Home and Abroad, and Expences of Office of Chaplain General, &c.

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces and Hospital Contingencies For Allowances on the Compassionate Lift to Children of deceased Officers of Land Forces, and to Widows of Officers of said Forces not intitled to Pension, including Allowance as of His Majesty's Royal Bounty to several Officers, and to Relatives of certain deceased Officers For Barrack Department in Ireland For Commissariat Department in Ireland For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or retired^ Allowances

Prom 25th Dec. 18 f rj-to 24th Dec. 1812.

1064 C.i54«

5a GEORGII III.

A.D. 18ta.

4JM4* ©

1, 396446 17>3OI495 <5

5*200, 000 o o

lowances to Persons belonging tofeveral Public De» 1 part men ts in Great Britain zndlrtland in respect of j their havingheld Public Offices of a Civil Nature J O For Barrack Department in Great Britain - 11?1 v 0

9 For Commissiry in Chief's Department J ^or C Yctr I"I,

3 For Extraordinary Expencea of Army not pro-) From 25th Dec. 181O9

J to 24th Dec.

1811. For the Year 181 a.

iao , 556 o 5*654 19 7*j9*9 8

For the Year 1812.

vidrfd for

For Extraordinary Expencea of Army of Great )

Britain and Ireland - - J

X. 3*8731025 3 6 For Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great)por

Britain - - J

Ditto in 1810.

Ditto - in 1811.

For Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, &c.

Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for good Services, to superannuated and disabled Men, and Pensions to Widows, &c. of deceased Officers, late belonging to Ordnance Military Corps -

Ditto not provided for in the Year 1811.

For Allowances, &c. in the Nature of superannu- ated or retired Allowances to Persons late be- ' longing to Office of Ordnance in Great Britain in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows Pensions Ditto not provided for in the Year 1811.

For Office of Ordnance for Ireland Ditto on Account of Pay of retired

Officers of late Irish Artillery and Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame For Allowances, See, in the Nature of superannn-ated or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to Office of Ordnance in Ireland in re-

5.757

19, 827

370

459, 885

22, 260

IS

18

>3

10

o

o.2 10

> For the Year 1812.

2, 819 18 z

XIII.

XIV. XV. XVI. XVII. XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXL

XXII.

XXIII.

For the Year 1812.

XXIV.

10, 500, 000 0 0

1, 500, 000 0 0

8, 00. , 000 0 0

5»J°3»700 0 0

1, 382, 000 0 0

2, 647, 900 0 0

1, 000, 000 0 0

216, 666 13 4

22, 316 19 0

*536 17 0

Civil EstablishmentSj

3400 0 0

1*030 0 0

600 0 0

8450 0 0

10, 965 0 0

5, 600 0 0

2, 060 0 0

3, 100 0 0

3 >971 0 0

14, 020 0 0

11, 701 5 0

25, 0: 0 0 0

20, 000 0 0

12, 000 0 0

8, 000 0 0

3 >800* 0 0

123>l5* 2 0

longing

spe6fc of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for Widows Pensions - For discharging out {landing Exchequer Bills under Ditto

Ditto for the Service of the Year 1811.

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Irish Currency for discharging Treasury Bills under Ditto

51 G. 3. c. 3.

- r.4.

- c 85.

- S3-

- 54-

c. 1 12.

c. 5.

r. 88.

To make good like Sum issued pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, not made good by Parliament.

Ditto.

Bahama Islandt Bermudas or Somer's Islandt

Dominica

Upper Canada

Nova Scotia

New Brunswick -

Cape Breton -

Prince Edward Island

Newfoundland -

Sierra Leone

New South Wales

For Forts on Coast of Africa during 1811, 1812.

For American Loyalists

For Toulonexe and Corftcan Emigrants

For Saint Domingo Sufferers

For Dutch Emigrants -

For Clergy and Laity of France

From 1 H Jan.to31ft

Dec. t8ii.

34

A.D. 1812.

3*4*1 16 0

4»79' 12 0

1.718 4 0

800 0 0

1.700 0 0

O q 06 12 0

12, 000 0 0

70, 800 0 0

20, 000 0 0

4, 000 0 0

21, 000 0 0

16, 000 0 0

2, 000 0 0

4.467 6 6

374 0 8

3.300 0 0

1.328 5 4

244 16 6

199 13 S

426 12 0

173 12 10

949 19 0

4, 640 11 0

M53 H 0

126 10 6

84293

118 0 6

271 11 0

39* 11 0

*.582 8 6

219 H 0

2, 546 5 11

4*9 3 0

2, 604 17

1.685 2 0

2, 631 4 6

1, 58*90

428 l5 0

10, 000 0 0

864 12 71

5 2 Geo. III.

j2° GEORGII III.

C. 154.

For the Year 1812.

i

I

t

For the Year 1812.

of Lords Journal

For Emigrants in Jersey and Guernsey For French Refugee Laity For French Refugee Clergy For Protellant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland Ditto England

For Superintendance of Aliens For Public Office, Bow Street For Convids at Home For Law Charges -

For Extraordinary Expences that may be incurred for Prosecutions, See. relating to Coin For Printing for House of Lords, and Printing Acts of Parliament -

For Printing Bills, See. by Order of House of Commons -

For Printing Votps -

For Deficiency of Grant in i8xx, for printing Bills, Sec. by Order of House of Commons.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1810, for printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 62. of Journals of House of Commons.

For Stationary for both Houses For Poor of Saint Martin's in the Fields

'To E. Walmiflcy Esquire, for preparing Vole, 40. 41. for Press.

To G. Dickens and J. Church, Esquires, for Stationary sent to New South Wales.

To T. N. Wittwer Esquire, for examining East India Accounts.

To W. Chinnery Esquire, for Stores supplied by the Hindostan at New South Wales.

To Magistrates of Thames Police, for Plan for securing Shipping in Port of London.

To J. Reid Esquire, for Horse Patrole round the Metropolis, for Three Quarters of a Year.

To A Grant Esquire, Secretary to Commissioners of Military Enquiry, for Expences of said Commissioners.

To E. Walmiflcy Esquire, for preparing Vol. 42. of Lords Journal for Press.

To Messrs. Gurney Expences on Committees of Houses of Parliament in 1810, 1811.

To J. Whidly Esquire, for surveying Androjfan Harbour.

To Dr. T. B Clarke, for Returns of Non-resident Clergy for the Half Year.

To T. J. Mathias Esquire, to pay Bills drawn on R. Cumberland Esquire, as Agent for Nova Scotia.

To W. Watson Esquire, Serjeant at Arms to House of Lords, during Session 1811.

To J. Clementlon Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms to House of Commons, for Years Rent of House, in lieu of Apartments resigned at House of Commons.

To T. Telford Esquire, for surveying Holyhead and Portpalrick Roads. To Sir J+ Colpoys, Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, in part Payment of g Fees charged on Receipt of 300, 0001. granted by Parliament, and ° distributed among Officers and Seamen in Battle of Trafalgar.

To G. Soundere Esquire, for Works done at Fleet and King's Bench Prisons.

To T. Brodie Esquire, for Index to Journals of House of Peers, and Salaries paid by him, Sec.

To Lord Walsingham> as Chairman of Committees of House of Peers, during Session 1811.

To E. Stracey Esquire, as Counsel upon Chairman of Committees of House of Peers, during Session 1811.

To J. France Esquire, for Assistance in forming Index to Rolls of Parliament.

To African Committee for repairing. Sec. British Forts, &c. on Coast of Africa.

To W. Chinnery Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by Collector of Customs at Antigua, for Care and Support of Cargo of captured Negroes.

6 X 500

1065

io 66

C. 154.

500 o o 354 10 o

2, 000 o o

6, 785 15

100.000 o 5, 000 o

175.000 o 11, 000 o

59, 681 o 40, 611 8

1, 250 o

4.699 4 10, 057 o 1, 880 o

e:

3 CJ

0 -

bo §

J2-S

1

52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

To JJf. Martin Esquire, towards carrying into effect a Plan for en-

quiring into the State of Mendicity of the Metropolis.

To Representatives of C. F. Greville Esquirg, in Re-imburfrment of Fees paid by them on Receipt of Sum voted by Parliament for purchasing Collection of Minerals.

To B. Easton Esquire, to discharge Fees paid on passing Public Accounts.

Ph [ For Charges heretofore paid out of Proceeds of Old Naval Stores. To the Prince Regent.

For Fees on passing Public Accounts For Foreign and other Secret Services'

For Sheriffs for Convictions of Felons and Overpayments

} For Interest on^j^jj 08aLr-

For Captain Manby's Allowance and travelling'

Expences in carrying into Execution his Plans for saving the Lives of Shipwrecked Mariners For repairing Henry the Seventh's Chapel

For Half the Charge of a Bridge at CarMe -^v 0

For Salaries of certain Officers of Two Houses of or e ear

For the Year 1812.

1812 .I of Part of Annuities under 37 G. 3. r--J r.9. and 42 G. 3. c.S.

Parliament

2, 118 4 7 To the Usher of the Court of Exchequer for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, See. - For Royal Military College

Asylura at Chelsea

20, 669 8

27>259 3 125, 000 o 5, 500 o 50, 000 o

2

7

o

o

o

20, 000

11, COO

6, 000

48, 000

o o

For Erection of Royal Military College at Sandburfi\ For Board of Agriculture

For Inland Navigation from the Eajtern to the Western Sea, by Invernest and Fort William For Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland -

For extra Charge for Contingencies of Three Secretaries of State - Messengers of the Three

-| From 25th Dee. 1811 to 24th Dec. 1812.

94 12 11

15.000 650

1.700.000 2, 488

3 >000

10.000 3, 600

50.000

12.500.000 291

3*°c°

4, 000

o

o

c

o

o

o

o

o

o

5

o

o

For the Year 1812,

Secretaries

For probable Amount of Bills drawn from New South Walej -

For Deficiency of Grant for 1811, for extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin

For Holyhead Harbour

For further Remuneration to Mr. Greathtad for his Invention of the Life Boat.

For Interest on Exchequer Bills.

For Deficiency of Grant for 1811 for reprinting 2 Vols. of Journals and 2 Vols. of Reports of House of Commons.

For Expence incurred in 1812 for Printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 65. of Journals of House of Commons for 1810.

For reprinting 6 Volumes of Journals of the House of Commons

For Expences incident to Two Housep of Parliament

For the 12 Children of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval.

For Relief of East India Company.

For Deficiency of Grant in 1811 to defray Bills of Ufticr of Exchequer for

For the Year 1812.

supplying Court, &c. with Stationary, &c. or Natioi

23, 487 7 1°

7.405 12 II

1, 000 O O

4.530 2 7

*1.5*5 O 0

14 9

For National Vaccine Establishment For Bills from abroad on Account of Allowances^For the Year 1812* to French and Corsican Emigrants J

For Royal Naval Asylum fromft April 1812 to 31st March 1613.

For Tru flees of British Museum.

Ditto. for purchasing Books repealing the British

Islands and Possessions of the British Empire.

For Expence of Printing 1, 250 Copies of Vols. 43.44. and 45. of Journals of House of Peers.

To complete the Shell of New Hofpkal of Betblem for 1812.

For Printipg by Order of Commissionert of Records.

7>73+

A.D. 1812.

7.734 4

533 o

"5 13

33 4

*54 >3 3»°934 271 it

399 7

4*4

11, 672 o

*45»<5 521 17 162 4

308 8

633 6

426 IO

1, 161 3

463

3, 000 o

500 o

5, 800 2

2, 960 8 5, 0.0 o 4, 436 o 60 o

170 o

4JO 4

3*0 €> 30, 000 o 100, 000 © 10*000 ©

3>95<° f

5,94

70, 465 17

52° GEORGII III.

C. 1J4.

IOl

81

11

11

o

0

1

o

4

01

<u

B

O

ss

O

So

For Commissioners of Public Expenditure in Military Departments.

To W. Chinnery Esquire to pay Bdlsl Commissioners for enquiring into

ment of Fees on Appointment of c* in erJey*

To W. Chinnery Esquire to pay Bill drawn by CoHedor of Customs at

the Bahamas for Expences incurred in Distribution of Cargo of

Negroes condemned as Prize of War.

To Rev. J. Pridden and J. P. Malcolm for collating Calendar of Lords

Journals.

To J. Read Esquire, for Expences of Horse Patrole round the Metropolis, for half a Year, to 5th April 1812.

To Doctor T. B. Clarke for Returns of Non Resident Clergy for half a Year ending 5th Jan. 1812.

To Ditto for extra Expences in preparing Copies called for by Parliament in Two Years, ending 25th March 1810, of Returns to Privy Council under 43 G.3. r.84.

To T. Nettie/bip Esquire, for publtshing Weekly Returns of Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, for One Year, to lft 08. 1811. To IV. Melltfh Efauire, for Supply of Provisions and Articles of first Necessity for Relief of Inhabitants of Danish Settlements in Davis's Streights.

To E. IValmi/ley Esquire, for preparing Vols. 43. and 44. of Lords Journals for the Press.

& i To P. Grant Esquire, Secretary to Commissioners of Military Enquiry, for Expences of said Commissioners.

To W. Chinnery Esquire, "! To pay Bill drawn by Governor Beckwith / for Expences under Abolition of Slave f Trade Ad, for Support of Captured To IV. Speer Esquire, J Negroes.

To the Magistrates of the Thames Police for further Expences incurred in carrying into Effect Plan for securing Shipping in Port of London. To T. N. IVittwer Esquire, for examining Enjt India Accounts for One Year, to 7 th Sept. 1811.

To R.Troward Esquire, in discharge of Balance including Interest due to him and the late A. Wallis Esquire, on Account of Impeachment of Warren Hajlmgs.

To J. Eyles Esquire, Warden of the Fleet, for Expences incurred in Occasional Repairs.

To IV. Osgood, and H. Hobhouse Efauires, " and to M. Swabty Doctor of Civil Laws, j£ 1, 000 each, for Services performed by them as Commissioners To S. M. Phillips Esquire, Compensation for Services as Secretary to Comnriffjoners -

To Officers and Clerks of Tally Court in the Exchequer for levying, Tallies from 5th Jan. 1809, to 5th Jan. 1812.

[ For Charges heretofore paid out of proceeds of Old Naval Stores.

To Master Crompton, for Invention of the Machine called The Mule.

For Improvements at Westminster Hall, &c. "J

For Superannuation Allowance to J. Pingo, for- I

merly Assistant Engraver at the Mint V For the Year 1812.

- To E. Royer, for-

merly Clerk in Lottery Office J

- Of ^300 per Ann. to JV Planta Esquix, for-

merly one of Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, from till June 1811 to 5th Jan. 1813.

To two retired Clerks of Commissioners for auditing public Accounts for 1812. Towards building a Penitentiary House.

To Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty.

Mint — For Balance of Bills for Fittings, &c. provided last Year for working Rooms, &c. and for additional* Works

--For Machinery fixed by Mailer Rennie, and

other extra Works by Bolton and Watt For Military Roads in North Britain For Deficiency of Grants for 1 i 11,

6X2

for examining Laws relating to Election of Jurats in the Island of Jersey.

For the Year i$i2.

XXV. Irish

1067

io68 C. 154. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Supplies applied for Purposes aforesaid.

XXV.

Irish Currency 250 o o 200 200 150 200 200

XXVI.

XXVIII.

o

o

o

o

o

30*529

10, 500

23, 74892

XXVII.

25.000 2, 500 1.047 4, 000 2, 856

9*481

3951

8, 900

31.000 1, 200

15.000

10.000

o

o

10

o

6

[In Ireland.]

Inspector General of Imports and Exports, preparing Accounts of Ireland. First Clerk of Ditto, preparing Accounts.

Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Assistant Examinator of Excise, Ditto.

Examinator of Com Bounties, for keeping Accounts.

Clerk in Office of Auditor of the Exchequer, for preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Board of Works - - For the Year 1812.

Proclamations and other Matters in Dublin Ga-1 For One Year ending zette, &c.

Printing, &c. for Secretaries' Offices, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, &c.

For Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences

5th Jan. 1813.

"i

From 5th Jan. 1812, ti 5th Jan. 1813.

_ 5 th Jan. 1813

of] From 25th March 1812, 3 to 25th March 1813.

21, 600 O O

10.000

5T*oooo

50.000

o

o

o

16, 165 o o

1, 500

4I»539

30, 150

4*902

o

o

o

o

13 666 2, 826

>973

1, 806

8, 647

3*7*

3, 016

Apprehending Public Offenders Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin -

Incidents of the Treasury - -J

For Lottery Officers for One Year, due 24th June 1812.

Non conforming Ministere - From 5th 1812, to

Support of Seceding Ministers from Synod Ulster Draining Bogs under 49 G. 3. r.io2.

Harbour of Howth, Works at.

For Printing, &c. 250 Copies of Public General Acts, 52 G.3.

To Commissioners for Enquiry into Fees and Abuses in Ireland.

Board of First Fruits for building Churches and! From 5th Jan. 1812, to Glebe Houses, and purchasing Glebes -J 5th Jan. 1813.

Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufac-'^-

tures

Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, &c.

Farming Society Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, towards Building, &c. Churchei and Chapels, &c.

Commissioners for making wide and convenient"} From 5th Jan. 1812, to Streets in Dublin - - '

Cork Institution For Protestant Charter Schools Foundling Hospital in Dublin House of Induilry, Hospitals and Asylums for In-duftrious Children in Dublin Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children at Dublin Marine Society

For One Year ending 5th Jan 1813. From 5th Jan. 1811, to 5th Jan. 1813.

5th Jan. 1813.

From 5th Jan. 1812, to 5 th Jan. 1813.

For the Year 1812.

I

> From cth Jan. 18x2, to 5th Jan. 1813.

Roman Catholic Seminary Female Orphan House near Dublin Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin Lying-in Hospital in Dublin For erecting Buildings at the East Wing of Sir Pa-trick Dun's Hospital in Dublin 1, 424 o o Doctor Stevens' Hospital at Dublin '

4, 180 O o For Improvements and Repairs of Saint Patrick's Hospital

2, 000 o O For 180 Patients in House of Recovery and Fever Hospital in Dublin 600 o o For Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests

2, 423 o o Association for discountenancing Vice and promoting Christian Religion 3, 466 o o For Building additional Diffeding Rooms to College of Surgeons at DtbFn. 700 o o For Green Coat Hospital of City of Cork.For the Year 181a.

XXIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued and applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatever, other than the IJfesand Purposes before mentioned, or for the said Deficiency or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout, by any Act or Acts, or any particular Claude or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament, or to the Payment or Compensation heretofore allowed for or in lieu of the Priiage and Butkrage of Wine6 ii\ Ireland.

XXX Rulet

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

x55*

As in 51 G. 3. c. 117.

531 — 34-

XXX. Rules for Application of Half Pay XXXI. Half Pay to Officers of Marine Fencibles -

XXXII. ----- --to Chaplains of Regiments although in Possession of Eccle-

fiastical Benefices -

XXXIII. Application of Overplus of Sum under 51 G.3. r.117. $15. to reduced Officers - - - j

CAP. CLV.

An Act to repeal certain Acts, and amend other Acts relating to Religious Worship and Assemblies and Persons teaching or preaching therein.

[29thJi//y 1812.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Acts of Parliament, made in the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, relating to Non Conformifls and Conventicles, and refusing to take Oaths, 1 should be repealed, and that the Laws relating to certain Congregations and Assemblies for Religious Wor-€ ship, and Persons teaching, preaching or officiating therein, and retorting thereto, should be amended Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, an Act of Parliament made in the Session of Parliament held in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, an Act for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refusing to take lawful Oat hr; and another Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for retraining Non Conformifls from inhabiting in Corporations; and another Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled An Act to prevent and fuPPref* seditions Conventicles, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Congregation or Assembly for Religiou8"Worship of Protestants (at which there shall be present more than Twenty Persons besides the immediate Family and Servants of the Person in whole House or upon whose Premises such Meeting, Congregation or Assembly shall be had) shall be permitted or allowed, unless and until the Place of such Meeting, if the same shall not have been duly certified and registered under any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to registering Places of Religious Worship, shall have been or shall be certified to the Bishop of the Diocese, or to the Archdeacon of the Archdeaconij, or to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place in which such Meeting shall be held; and all Places of Meeting which shall be so certified to the Bishop'sor Archdeacon's Court, shall be returned by such Court once in each Year to the Quarter Sessions of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place; and all Places of Meeting which shall be so certified to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be also returned once in each Year to the Bishop or Archdeacon; and all such Places shall be registered in the said Bishop's or Archdeacon's Court respectively, and recorded at the said General or Quarter Sessions; the Registrar or Clerk of the Peace whereof respectively is hereby required to register and record the fame; and the Bishop or Registrar or Clerk of the Peace to whom any such Place of Meeting shall be certified under this Act shall give a Certificate thereof to such Person or Persons as shall request or demand the fame, for which there shall be no greater Fee nor Reward taken than Two Shillings and Six pence; and every Person who shall knowingly permit or suffer any such Congregation or Assembly as aforesaid to meet in any Place occupied by him, until the same shall have been so certified as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every time any such Congregation or Assembly shall meet contrary to the Provisions of this Act, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justices who shall convict for such Offence.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall teach or preach in any Congregation or Assembly as aforesaid, in any Place, without the Consent of the Occupier thereof, shall forfeit for ever^r such Offence any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justices who shall convict for such Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall teach or preach at, or officiate in, or shall resort to any Congregation or Congregations, Assembly or Assemblies for Religious Worship of Protestants, whose Place of Meeting shall be duly certified according to the Provisions of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the certifying and registering of Places of Religious Worship, mall be exempt from all such Pains and Penalties under any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Religious Worship, as any Person who shall have taken the Oaths, and made the Declaration prescribed by or mentioned in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary> intituled An Act for exempting Their Majesty's Protestant Suljeds dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, or any Act amending the said Act, is by Law exempt, as fully and effectually as if all such rains and Penalties, and the several Acts enforcing the fame, were recited in this Act, and such Exemptions as aforesaid were severally and separately enacted in relation thereto.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person not having taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration herein after specified, who shall preach or teach at any Place of Religious Worship certified iu pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall, when thereto required by any one Justice of the Peace, by any Writing under his Hand or signed by him, take and make and subscribe, in the Presence of such Justice of the Peace, the Oaths and Declarations specified and contained in an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Disfenting Ministers and Schoolmasters; and no such Person who, upon being so required to take such Oaths and make such Declaration as aforesaid, shall refuse to attend the Justice requiring the fame, or to take and make and

subscribe

T3 & 14 Car. 4. c. 1.

17 Car. 2 c. 1.

22 Car. 2. c. 1. repealed.

Placer of Religious Worship certified and registered.

Certificate.

Fee.

[Penalty.]

Teaching, &c. without Consent of Occupiers. Penalty.

Preachers in and Persons refiorr-in^ to Religious Atfemblies, certified under exempt from Penalties of I W. Sc M.

Sess. 1. c. 18.

Oaths, See. talea by Preachers, &c* when required by Magistrate.

19 G. 3. c. 44.

[Penalty.]

Not compelled to , : o more than Fu c Miles.

M'ho may re-qmie Julli.c of J*e Ckc. to Hclnimi; ler Oaths, £cc. under Ad.

Justices to [tive ct j t: Scate of Oath.

r«*

Certificate

Evidence.

Teachers taking Oaths, fee. exempt from Offices, and from Militia.

SeflT x. c. 18. False Certificate.

Penalty,

Doorg of Reli-ytomAflemhUes not bolted or barred.

[Penalty.]

Disturhing R*li-fious AllembiicS.

Recognizance,

[Penalty.]

C. 155. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 18n.

subscribe such Oaths and Declaration as aforesaid, shall be thereafter permitted or allowed to teach or preach in any such Congregation or Assembly for Religious Worstiip, untH he shall hare taken such Oaths, and made such Declaration as aforesaid, orv Pain of forfeiting, for every time he shall so teach or preach, aay Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice convicting for such

Offence.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be required by any Justice of the Peace to go to any greater Dillanee than Five Miles from his own Home, or from the Place where he shall be redding at the time of such Requifjtion, for the Purpose of taking such Oaths as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Protestant Subjectsto appear before any one Justice of the Peace, and to produce to such Justice of the Peace a printed or written Copy of the said Oaths and Declaration, and to require such Justice to administer such Oaths and to tend.r such Declaration to be made, taken and subscribed by such Person; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oaths and to tender such Declaration to the Person requiring to take and make and subscribe the fame; and such Person ill all take and make and fu jferibe such Oaths and Declaration in the Presence of such Justice accordingly; and such Justice shall attest the same to be sworn before him, and shall transmit or deliver the same to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place for which he shall act as such Justice of the Peace, before or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall make and take and subscribe such Oaths and Declaration as aforesaid, shall forthwith give to the Person having taken, made and subscribed such Oaths and Declaration, a Certificate thereof under the Hand of such Justice, in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, [Riding, Division, City or Town, or

Place, as the case may be] of do hereby certify, That C D. of, &c.

[drferiking

the Chrtjlian and Surname, and Place of Abode of the Party] did this Day appear before me, and did make

and take and subscribe the several Oaths and Declaration specified in an Act, made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this Act.] Witness my Hand this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and '

And for the making and signing of which Certificate, where the said Oaths and Declaration are taken and made on the Reqnifition of the Party taking and making the same, such Justice (half be entitled to demand and have a Fee of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more: And such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence that the Party named therein has made and taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration in manner required by

this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall teach or preach in any such Congregation or Assembly, or Congregations or Assemblies as aforesaid, who shall employ himself solely in the Duties of a Teacher or Preacher, and not follow or engage in any Trade or Business, or other Profession, Occupation or Employment, for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster, and who shall produce a Certificate of fjme Justice of the Peace, of his having taken and made and subscribed the Oaths and Declaration aforesaid, shall be exempt from the Civil Services and Offices specified in the said recited Act passed in the First Yesrof Km* William and Queen Mary, and from being ballotted to serve and from serving in the Militia or Local Militia of any County, Town, Parish or Place in any Part of the United Kingdom.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall produce any false or untrue Certificate or Paprr, as and fora true Certificate of his having made and taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declarations by this Act required for the Purpose of claiming any Exemption from Civil or Military Duties as aforesaid, unde* the Provisions of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; which Penalty may be recovered by and to the Use of any Person who will ftie for the fame by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster and Durham (as the case shall require); wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One impar-lance shall be allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting, Assembly or Congregation of Persons for Religious Wor* ship, shall be had in any Place with the Door locked, bolted or barred, or otherwise fastened, so as to prevent any Persons entering therein during the time of any such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation; and the Person teaching or preaching at such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation, shall forfeit for every time any such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation shall be held with the Door locked, bolted, barred or otherwise fastened w aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lese than Forty ShitHngs, at the Discretion of the Justices convicting for such Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, at any time after the passing of this Act, do and shall wilfully and maliciously or contemptuoufty disquiet or disturb any Meeting, Assembly or Congregation of Persons assembled for Religious Worship, permitted or authorized by this Act, or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or shall in any way disturb, molest or misuse any Preacher, Teacher or Person officiating at such Meeting, Assembly or Congregation, or any Perforr or Persons there assembled, such Person or Persons so offending, upon Proof thereof before any Justice of the Peace by Two or more credible Witnesses, (hoi? find Two Sureties to be bound by Recognizances in the penal Sum of Fifty Pounds to answer for such Oflbnce, and in default of such Sureties shall be committed to Prison, there to remain till the next General or Quarter Sessions; and upon Conviction of the said Offence at the said General or Quarter Sessions, shall suffer the Paid and Penalty of Forty Pounds.

8 XIII. Pro-

Vj

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 155, 156.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AG contained shall affect or be construed to affect the Celebration of Divine Service according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, by Ministers of the said Church, in any Place hitherto used for such Purpose, or being now or hereafter duly consecrated or licensed by any Archbishop or Bishop or other Person lawfully authorised toconfecrate orlicensethe fame, or to affect the Jurisdiction of the Archbishops or Bishops or other Persona exercising lawful Authority in the Church of the United Kingdom over the said Church, according to the Rules and Discipline of the fame, and to the Laws and Statutes of the Realm; but such Jurisdiction shall remain and continue as if this AG had not passed.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the People usually called Quakers, nor to any Meetings or AiTemblies for Religious Worship held or convened by such Persons; or in any manner to alter or repeal or affeGauy Act, other than and except the Acts passed in the Reign of King Charles the Second hereinbefore repealed, relating to the People called Quakers, or relating to any Assemblies or Meetings for Religious Worship held by them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person guilty of any Offence, for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is imposed by this Act, in respect of which no special Provision is made, shall and may be con-vided thereof by Information upon the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed; and that all and every the pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred or become payable for any Offence or Offences against this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, City or Place, in which any such Offence or Offences was or were committed, or where the Forfeiture or Forfeitures was or were incurred, and shall when levied be paid One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence was committed; and in case of no sufficient Distress whereby to levy the Penalties, or any or either of them imposed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justices respectively before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to commit such Offender to Prison for such time not exceeding Three Months, as the said Justices in their Discretion shall think fit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be convicted of any of the Offence* punishable by thia Ad, shall conceive him, her or themselves to be aggrieved by such Conviction, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons respectively, and he, she or they shall or may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden next after such Conviction in and for the County, Riding, City or Place, giving unto the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made. Notice in Writing within Eight Days after any such Conviction, of his, her or their Intention to prefer such Appeal; and the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs to be paid by and to either Party, not exceeding Forty ^Shillings, as they in their Discretion shall think fit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable under this Act, unless the same shall be sued for, or the Offence in respect of which the fame is imposed is prosecuted before the Justices of the Peace or Quarter Sessions, within Six Months after the Offence mall have been committed; and no Person who shall suffer any Imprisonment for Nonpayment of any Penalty shall thereafter be liable to the Payment of such Penalty or Forfeiture.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, that every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County wherein the Cause or alleged Cause of Action shall have accrued, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that ^he fame was done In pursuance and by Authority of this Act 5 and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the timefo limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City or Place, that then and in such case the Jury shall find for such Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CLVI.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons aiding Prisoners of War to escape from His Majesty's Dominions.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS many Prisonerrf' of War confined and on Parole in different Parts of His Majesty's < Dominions have of late escaped by the Aid and Assistance of many of His Majesty's Subjects and others 5 and it is necessary to repress such Practices and Violations of the Allegiance due to His Majesty and of the Law by more effectual Punishment* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thin

prefect

IO7I

Proviso f«r Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Church.

Act not to ex-teudato Quaker*

Offenders eon-vided before Two or tnoie Justices.

Forfeitures levied by Distress.

Imprisonment.

Appeal after

Conviction to General Quarter Sessions.

Li'rirati^n of Prosecution.

Limitation of Actions.

General Iffti*

Treble Costs,

[Public Act.]

1072 C. 156, i57* 5^° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Aiding Prisoners of W ar to elcapfc.

Transportation.

Aiding though not aiWttng PrU

toner in quitting Coast.

A (Tilling on High iieas Pri-foncra to escape.

Transpertation.

Offences where tried.

Offences tried otherwise than under Provisions of Act.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, knowingly and wilfully aid or assist any Alien Enemy of His Majesty, being a Prisoner of War in His Majesty's Dominions, whether such Prisoner shall be confined as a Prisoner of War in any Prison or other Place of Confinement, or shall be suffered to be at large in His Majesty's Donii nions or any Part thereof on his Parole, to escape from such Prison or other Place of Confinement, or from His Majesty's Dominions, if at large upon Parole, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be liable to be transported as a Felon for Life, or for such Term of Fourteen or Seven Years, as the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist any such Prisoner at large on Parole in quitting any Part of His Majesty's Dominions where he may be on his Parole, although he shall not aid or assist such Person in quitting the Coast of any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall be deemed guilty of aiding the Escape of such Person under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons owing Allegiance to His Majesty, after any such Prisoner as aforesaid hath quitted the Coast of any Part of His Majesty's Dominions in such his Escape as aforesaid, shall knowingly and wilfully upon the High Seas aid or assist such Prisoner in his Escape to or towards any other Dominions or Place, such Person shall also be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be liable to be transported as aforesaid; and such Offences committed upon the High Seas and not within the Body of any County, shall and may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any County within the Realm, in like manner as if such Offences had been committed within such County.

IV. And be it also enacted, That this Act shall not be deemed or taken to prevent any Person, committing any Offence mentioned in this Act, { from being prosecuted, in such manner as he might by Law have been prosecuted if this Act had not passed 5 but nevertheless no Person prosecuted otherwise than under the Provisions of this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame Offence under the Provisions hereof 5 and no Person prosecuted under the Provisions of this Act shall for the fame Offence be liable to be otherwise prosecuted.

CAP. CLVII.

Tokens net

iiTned.

Mikinv, Sec. 'Tokens.

[Penalty.]

Tokens not to eirculitc after 25th March

18x3.

Penally. Original Ifluer.

Ack not to extend to Tokens

An Act to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually

called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS various Pieces of Gold or Silver, and mixed Metals composed in Part of Gold or Silver,

' usually denominated Tokens, have lately been and are issued and circulated by Persons rrfiding in

various Parts of the United Kingdom, in great Quantities, for nominal Sums of Money usually expressed

thereon, much above the real Value of the Metals of which the same are composed: And whereas it is

expedient that the further making and issuing of such Tokens should be prohibited, and that the Circulation

of those already made or issued should also be prohibited after a limited Period May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or mixed Metal composed in Part of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the fame may be, shall be made or manufactured, or originally issued as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or in any manner whatsoever; and every Person who shall after the passing of this Act make or manufacture, or originally issue or cause or procure to be made, manufactured or originally issued, or permit or suffer to be so issued bn his or her Behalf as for any nominal Value in Money or Goods, any such Token, shall for every Tokeu so made, manu-fastured or issued, or procured or permitted to be so made, manufactured or issued as aforesaid, forfeit any Sum not less than Five Pounds or more than Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, no Piece of Gold or Silver, or of any mixed Metal composed partly of Gold or Silver, of whatever Value the fame may be, shall pass or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer of Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods, or other Value, or m any manner whatsoever; and every Person who shall after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, circulate or pass, as for any nominal Value in Money or Goods, any such Token, shall for every such Token so circulated or passed, whether such Person shall be or have been concerned in the original issuing or circulation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Five Pounds, nor more than Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determiue such Offence 5 provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person from presenting any such Token for Payment to the original Issuer thereof, or to discharge or excuse any such original lffuer from his Liability to pay the same.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or he construed to extend to any Tokens issued or circulated by or under the Authority of the Governor and Cum-

4 P*nJ

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 157.

pany of the Bank of England\ or by or under the Authority of the Governor and 'Company of the Bank of* Ireland respectively, or in any manner to affect any such Tokens or the Circulation thereof, or to subject any Company or Companies, or Person or Persons to any Penalty for issuing or circulating any such Tokens.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City or Place within which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in a luminary way; and such Justice or Justices upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made upon Oath in that Behalf, shall summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fa6t, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer) shall convict the Offender, and adjudge the Penalty fipr such Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Perfor. accused, and mall n*gle& or refuse to appear at the Time or Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as are dire died for Recovery of other Penalties under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following; that is to say,

gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. having appeared before me [or, us"] one [on* more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [as the ccje may be] for the County, Riding, City or Place, [as the case < may be] and due Proof having been made upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by*Confession of the Party [as the case may be'] is convicted of [fp^fy^Ske Offence]. Given

under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.'

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the then ne*t General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, Riding, City or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City or Place*

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose. to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upon any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Person convicted as follows, pne Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed 5 and in case such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give !ufficieu£ Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices to prosecute any Appeal against such Conviction, Jfucfi Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Cods and Charge? attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which said Warrant of Distress the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the Manner and Form following; that is to say,

To the Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of

WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of is this Day convicted before

me [or, us] one [or, more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [#w the case may be] for the County of [or, for the Riding of the County of Turks] [or, for the Town,

Liberty or District of as the case may be] upon the Oath of or

4 a credible Witness or Witnesses [or, by Confession of the Party, as the case may be] for that the said A.B. hath [here set forth the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided, by reason whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be distributed as hterein is mentioned,

which he hath refused to pay; these are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of him the said A.B.f and if within the Space of Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum, together with the reasonable

Charges of taking the fame, shall not be paid, tthen that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay One Half of the said Sum of

4 to of who Informed me [or, us, as the case shall be] of the said Offence,

and the other Half of the said Sum of to the Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the said A.B.y the reasonable Charges of 'taking, keeping and felling the said Distress being first deduced; and if sufficient Distrefe cannot be*found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. w her* on > to levy the said Sum of that then-you certify* the same to me

4 [or us, as the case shall be] together with this Warrant. Given under my Haau and Seal [er. Hands and Seals] the Day of in the Year of Our Lord

52 Geo. TIL 6 Y IX. And

1073

of Bank of England or Ireland.

Justices empowered to hear and determine Offence*.

Witnesses not attending.

[Penalty.]

Form of Co'n-viction.

Clerks of the Peace to give Copies.

P«i*ltio*hew

levied and applied.

Form of Warrant of Distress.

1074

Securities taken far Appearances.

Offenders committed for want of Distress.

Appeal.

Parishioners

Witnesses.

Convictions not removed. Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

Gtner*l Iflut.

[Treble Costs.]

36 O.3.C. 90.

i

tb

C. 157, 158. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justice9 to order such Offender to be detained in safe Custody until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his Appearance before the said Justice or Justices on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Distress, (such Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of such Security) which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise.

X. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no sufficient Distress can be hid, then and in such case the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or she intends to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Justice or Justices, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; which Notice of Appeal, being not less than Eight Days before the Trial thereof, such Person so aggrieved is hereby empowered to give; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a luminary way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Seffious shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled from being a Witness in any Prosecution for any Offence against this Act, by neafon of his being au Inhabitant of the Parish wherein such Offence was committed.

XII. Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

All I. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Person8 for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards 5 and the fame and every such Action or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Fadl was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done iu pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

CAP. CLVIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, and of an Act passed in this present Session for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annuities, to all other transferable Stocks and Funds.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or inter fled in the several Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, Provision is made for the Tran»ur and Receipt of Dividends under and by the Direction of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or of ti e Court of Exchequer, of and on Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, Handing in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who being Trustee or Trustees, or the legal personal Representative or Representatives of a iy such Person or Persons, shall be absent, out of the Jurisdiction, or not amenable to the

Process of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, or who are Bank, upt or Bankrupts, Lunatic or Lunatics,

or who shall refuse to transfer the Stock or Annuities legally vcited in him, her or them, or to receive or pay over the Div.dendsof such Stock or Annuities to the Person or Persons beneficially entitled thereto, or

in case it i9 uncertain or unknown whether such Trustee or Trustees, Representative or Representatives, is or are living or dead; and by the same Act Provision is made for the Transfer, under the Direction of the Lord Chancellor, of Stocks and Annuities transferiable at the Bank of England, (landing in the Names of Persons declared or adjudged Bankrupt in his, her or their own Right, and for Receipt of the Dividends of such Stock and Annuities $ and by the same Act Provision is made for Transfer, under the like Directions of Stock and Annuities transferrable at the Bank, Handing in the Name or Names of a Lunatic or Lunatics

7 4 in

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 158, 159. 1075

in his, her or their own Right, or in the Name or Names of the Committee or Committees of his, her or their Eilat e or Estates, in Trull for the said Lunatic or Lunatics, or as Part of his, her or their Property:

And whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Relief of Infant 5* O.3. c. $1*

Suitors in Courts of Equity, entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds, transferable at

the Bank of England, it is enabled, that it shall be lawful for the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer to order and direct all or any Dividends due to any Infant or Infants, on any of the public or other Stocks,

Funds or Annuities, transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

Handing in the Name or Names of such Infant or Infants, and to which such Infant or Infants is or are beneficially entitled, to be paid for the Use and Benefit of such Infant or Infants: And whereas it is expeclient that the Operation of the said Acts respectively Humid be extended to South Sea Stock, East India Stock, and all other transferable Stocks, Annuities and Funds; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Extended to Provisions and Enactments in the said several Acts contained, in any ways relating to any Stocks or Annuities S( uth Sea, East transferable at the Bank of England, or transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank StockT of England, or to any Dividends cn such Stocks or Annuities, shall be deemed and construed to extend, and are hereby extended to South Sea Stock, East India Stock, and all other Stocks, Annuities and Funds transferable or to be made transferable in the Books of the South Sea Company, or in the Books of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in the Books of any other Company or Society established or to be established, and to the Dividends payable thereon respectively, as fully as if such several Provisions and Enadlmcnls mutatis mutandis were here inserted at Length.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases in which by the said first recited Act any Act is Co.irt of Cli«n-directed to be done by the Accountant General, or the Secretary or Deputy Secretary for the time being of eery to give the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the fame Acts, so far as they relate to South Sea Stock, neceflrjry 0nlfr* East India Stock, or any other Stocks or Annuities to which the Enactments and Provisions of the said recited Acts are hereby extended, shall be done by such Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the several Orders of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or of the Lord High Chancellor, under the Authority of which such Acts respectively are to be done.

JII. And be it enacted, That this prefei t Act shall be, and is hereby declared to be, a full and complete Arts done undtr Indemnity and Discharge to the South Sea Company, the East India Company, and all other Companies and A*t not im-Societies, and their Officers and Servants, for all things done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and Pe*ch<d« that the fame shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity to their Prejudice or Detriment.

CAP. CLIX.

An Act for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco derelidl, Jgtfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreckt brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of such Liquors and Tobacco.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether Foreign Liquors and Tobacco derelidl, Jetfam, Flotsam,

Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into this Kingdom, are by the Laws now in force subject and

liable to the Payment of Duties; and such Foreign Liquors and Tobacco have by reason of such Doubts been sometimes fold and carried into Consumption without any Duties having been paid for or in respect

thereof, to the great Loss of His Majesty's Revenue, and Injury of Persons dealing in such Liquors and Tobacco, for or in respect whereof the Duties have been paid on Importation Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Liquors and Tobacco derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into this Uquorsasd Kingdom, are and shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the fame Duties as Liquors and Tobacco of J okiccodcrelicl, the like Kind regularly imported, are by any Law or Laws now in force subject and liable to, and shall also l*

be entitled to such Drawbacks, and be subject to such Allowances and Abatements as Liquors and Tobacco of the like Kind regularly imported are entitled and subject to; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And, for the better securing the Payment of the Duties upon such Liquors and Tobacco respectively, Regubtims be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, all observed for and every Person and Persons bringing into this Kingdom, or finding or discovering on the Coasts of this King- securing Buttes, dom, any Foreign Liquors or Tobacco derelid, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Customs or Excise is by Law imposed, shall, within Twenty four Hours next after he, she or they shall have so brought, found or discovered such Liquors or Tobacco, if the fame be found on Land, or within Twenty four Hours next after the fame shall have been landed, if the fame be fohnd at Sea, give Notice thereof to the next Custom House or Excise Office, or to some neighbouring Officer of Customs or Excise, specifying the Place where such Liquors or Tobacco then lie or are deposited, and the proper Officers of Customs and Excise shall thereupon forthwith take a particular Account of the Kinds and Quantities of such Liquors or Tobacco, and shall demand of the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Liquors or Tobacco may be, or who shall have found or brought to land, the fame, the full Duties of Customs and Excise due in respect thereof 5 and in case such Duties shall not on such Demand be paid by such Person or Persons, the said Officer of Customs or Excise shall cause such Liquors or Tobacco to be safely and securely lodged and deposited in a Wardioiife or Warehouses, to be kept in such Warehouse or Warehouses under His Majesty's Lock, until the Duties of

6 Y 2: " Cufltomi

ioy6 C. 159.

ji' GEORGII III.

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

[Proviso.]

A.D. 1812.

tuft onto and Excise payable Tor 6r In relpeSl thereof shall be paid and satisfied, or until such Liquors or Tobacco shall be sold in manner herein after mentioned: and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, bring into thi* Kingdom, or find or discover on the Coasts of Ibis Kingdom, any Foreign Liquors or Tobacco derelict, Jetfam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, for or in respt& thereof any Duty of Customs or Excise is by Law imposed, and shall not give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, remote, open or alter ia Quantity or Quality, or cause to be removed, opened or altered in Quantityor Quality, or aid or assist in the removing, opening or altering in Quantity or Quality, any such Liquors or Tobacco, or break, fever or destroy, or cause to be broken, fevered or destroyed, or aid or assist in the breaking, fevering or destroying any of the Cases or Packages containing any such Liquors or Tobacco before such Liquors or Tobacco shall have been taken an Account of by the proper Officers of Customs and Excise as aforesaid, and before the said Liquors or Tobacco shall be by them lodged and deposited in a Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds $ and all such Liquors and Tobacco respectively so removed, opened or altered in Quantity or Quality, together with the Calks and other Packages respectively containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise: Provided always, that if the Duties on such Liquors and Tobacco shall not be paid or discharged within Eighteen Months next after the said Liquors and Tobacco shall be lodged and deposited in such Warehouse or Warc* houses as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco or any Part thereof, for and towards the satisfying the Duties payable in respect of such Liquors and Tobacco, and also the Cods, Charges and Expences attending the conveying such Liquors and Tobacco to such Warehouse or Warehouses, and of the keeping and Sale of such Liquors and Tobacco, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of the said Duties, Colt-, Charges and Expences, to such Person or Persons as shall be by Law entitled to the fame; and if upon such Liquors and Tobacco being put up or offered to Sale, no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the same as much or more Money than the Duties payable in respect thereof, together with the Warehouse Rent, Cods, Charges and Expences taken together would amount to, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to permit the Person or Persons by Law entitled to the fame, to expole or to sell and dispose thereof for Exportation only, subject to the usual Regulations in such cases, or if such Person or Persons should refuse so to do, then to sell and dispose of such Liquors or Tobacco for Exportation, or to destroy the fame, as such Commissioners respectively may deem most expedient: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be deemed or coimrued to extend to prevent any such Liquors or Tobacco as the said Commissioners may deem necessary for that Purpose being fold Duty free, for the Payment of the Salvage Expences incurred in respect thereof.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Lord of the Manor on which such Liquors or Tobacco shall be found, having by Lato just Claim thereto, or where no such Lord of the Manor shall exist, then the Person or Persons bringing into this Kingdom, or finding or discovering on the Coasts thereof, any such Foreign Liquor Or Tobacco, shall be at Liberty to retain the fame in his, her or their own Custody or Poffcttion for the Space of One Year and One Day, to be computed and reckoned from such bringing, finding or discovering thereof, on his, her or their entering into Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the proper Officer of Customs or Excise in Treble the Value of such Liquors or Tobacco, as the case may require, for the due Payment of the Duties for or in respect thereof at the End and Expiration of such Year and Day, or in Default of such Payment to restore such Liquors and Tobacco at the End or Expiration of such Year and Day to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the same State and Condition as the fame was or were in at the time of such bringing, finding or discovering thereof; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit for each and every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

[Penalties sued for under Customs, how levied.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permission of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means and methods as any Fines dr Penalties incurred, or any Goods forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers of the Customs concerned

in any such Seizures or Prosecutions shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the said Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecution of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any such Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are no\vby any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

[Proviso.]

Goods retained in Custody of Owner for One Year, if Bond entered into for Payment of Duties.

Obftnicting

Officers.

[Penalty.]

---

[Penalties sued for under Excise, how levied.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and imposed, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means or methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine,

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 160. 1077

Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CLX.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to order Parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS great Distress is suffered by poor Persons confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols, in consequence of their not receiving any Allowance whereon to subsist during the time of such Confinement: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Justice to order Parochial Relief to Debtors in Gaols not County Gaols.]

That it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace acting for the County, Riding or Division wherein any Gaol (which is not a County Gaol) is situated, to order the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein any such Gaol (which is not a County Gaol) shall be situated, to relieve any poor Person who shall be confined in such Gaol under Mesne Process for Debt, and who shall appear to such Justice to be unable to support himself or herself, and who shall have applied for Relief to such Overseers as aforesaid.

[Sum limited.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sum to be given for the Relief of any such poor Person shall not exceed Six pence per Diem, during the time of his or her Confinement in such Gaol under Mesne Process for Debt.

[Legal Settlement of Debtor ascertained.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of any such Parish, Township or Place to whom any such Application for Relief shall he made as aforesaid, if they shall doubt whether such poor Person is legally settled in such Parish, Township or Place, shall cause him or her to be examined upon Oath before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching his or her last legal Settlement, upon which Examination it shall be lawful for Justices to make an Order for the Removal of such poor Person to the Place of his last legal Settlement,

[Order of Removal suspended while Debtor imprisoned,]

and to suspend the Execution of such Order of Removal during the time of such Person being confined in such Gaol under such Mesne Process, which Suspension of the same shall be indorsed on the said Order, and signed by such Justices, and the subsequent Permission to execute the same shall be also indorsed on the said Order, and signed by such Justices, or by any other Two Justices of the Peace acting for the same County, Riding or Division.

[Served on Overseers of the Poor of Parish.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a Copy of the Order of Removal, and of the Order for suspending the Execution of the same as aforesaid, shall, as soon as may be after the making thereof respectively, be served upon the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place in which such poor Person shall by such Order of Removal be adjudged to be legally settled.

[Overseers to repay Expence attending Pauper.]

V. And be it further enacted, That although such poor Person shall not have been actually removed in pursuance of such Order of Removal as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to direct the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place in which such Pauper is adjudged to be settled, to repay to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Gaol shall be situated, all the Charges proved upon Oath of any such Overseers of the Parish, Township or Place where the Gaol is situated, to have been incurred in granting Relief to such Pauper during the time of his Confinement and the Suspension of such Order, not exceeding Six pence per Diem;

[In case of Refusal, Money advanced levied by Distress.]

and if the Overseers of the Parish, Township or Place to which such Order of Removal shall be made, or any or either, of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Sum so advanced as aforesaid within Twenty one days after Demand thereof, and shall not within the same time give Notice of Appeal as herein after mentioned, it shall be lawful for One Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the, Money so directed to be paid as aforesaid to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the same, and also such Costs attending the same, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall direct; and if the Parish, Township or Place to which the Removal was ordered to be made, be without the Jurisdiction of the Justice of Peace issuing the Warrant, then such Warrant shall be transmitted to any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction within such Parish, Township or Place as aforesaid, who upon Receipt thereof is hereby authorized and required to indorse the same for Execution:

[Appeal.]

Provided nevertheless, that if the Sum so ordered to be paid on account of such Costs and Charges exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Order may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding or Division in which such Gaol is situated, against the same, as they may do against an Order for the Removal of poor Persons by any Law now in being, and if the Court of Quarter Sessions shall be of Opinion that the Sum so awarded be more than of Right ought to have been directed to be paid, such Court may and is hereby directed to strike out the Sum contained in the said Order, and insert the Sum which in the Judgment of the said Court ought to be paid, and in every such case the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall direct that the said Order so amended shall be carried into Execution by the said Justices by whom the Order was originally made, or either of them, by such other Justice or Justices as the said Court shall direct.

[Appeal.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such poor Person shall, by such Order of Removal, be adjudged to be legally settled, to appeal against such Order to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division in which such Gaol is situated, holden after the Service of the Copy of such Order of Removal, in case such Copy shall have been served upon such Overseers Twenty one Days before the holding of such Quarter Sessions, but in case the same shall not be served Twenty one Days before the holding of such next General Quarter Sessions, then the Appeal may be to the next succeeding General Quarter Sessions holden for

1078 C. 160, 161. 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

the said County, Riding or Division, and upon such Appeal the like Proceedings maybe had as are observed in other cases of Appeals against Orders of Removal of poor Persons by any Law now in being:

[Proviso.]

Provided always, that in case such Order of Removal and Suspension is not appealed against in manner aforesaid, or if upon Appeal such Order shall be confirmed, such poor Person shall be deemed and taken to be legally settled in the Parish, Township or Place in which he shall by such Order of Removal be adjudged to be legally settled.

[In case Pauper no legal Settlement in England or Wales, Allowance paid out of County Rate.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any poor Person applying for Relief under the Provisions of this Act shall, upon his Examination as to his last legal Settlement, be found not to be legally settled in any Parish, Township or Place within England and Wales, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace to order the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein the Gaol is situated (in which such poor Person shall be confined under Mesne Process for Debt) to relieve such poor Person with a Sum not exceeding Six pence per Diem out of the Funds in their Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor, which Sum shall be re-imbursed to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, Township or Place, for the Use of such Funds, out of the County Rate, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Division in which such Parish, Township or Place shall be situated, at the Expiration of the Confinement of such poor Person upon such Mesne Process as aforesaid.

CAP. CLXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain Circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclesiastical Purposes.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[34 G. 3, c. 75.]

intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of

---

Fes x Farm and other unimproveable Rents,

+reciting and repealing a Proviso contained in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, so far as the fame was contrary to any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

48 G. 3. C. 73.

intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown

1.*of England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, it was enacted, that where any Land or Ground

belonging or thereafter to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey

of the Exchequer, or of the Duchy of Lancaster y shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any House or Houses or Buildings erected or to be creeled upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietors, it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to demise or grant such Land or Ground to any Person or Persons, or to any Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Laneaftery for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Date or making any such Lease or Grant respectively; or if any such Lease or Grant be made to take Effect in Reversion or Ex-

pedancy, that the Term and Estate thereby to be granted, together with the Term cr Estate, Terras or Estates in Possession of and in the fame Lands and Grounds should not exceed Ninety nine Years, computed

§* from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid; and it was thereby further enacted, that no Land or Ground

for Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed with any Houses or Buildings holden or to be holden under any Lease from His Majesty, or His Royal Predecessors, should be granted or demised for any Term or Estate exceeding in Duration the Term or Estate for which the Houses or Buildings to which such Land or Ground should be so attached as Garden, Yard, Curtilage or other Appurtenances should be holden: And whereas it would tend much to the Improvement of the Revenues belonging to His Majesty in Right of His said Duchy of Lancaster, if the Power of granting Leases for the Erection, repairing or rebuilding of Houses and other Buildings, on Lands within the Survey of the said Duchy, and of Gardens, Curtilages and Appurtenances to be used therewith, were enlarged, and if the Provisions in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty were extended to Leases granted under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

1 Ann Stat 1. mons>n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Proviso c. 7. §6.*n the said Act of the First Year of Queen Anne contained, so far as the fame is contrary to auy of the

rt pealed. Provisions of this Act, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that when any Land or Ground belong-

His Majesty may ing or hereafter to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the If ndSfor Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper for the u» ng on. Erection of Houses or other Buildings thereupon, or for the necessary Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and other Appurtenances to be used and enjoyed therewith, and shall be by their Order directed to be reserved or set apart and appropriated to that Use; or where the Lessee or Grantee, Lessees or Grantees shall agree and covenant to ered Buildings thereon of greater Yearly Value than the Land, or Ground so to .be leased or granted; or

where

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 161.

where the greatest Part of the Yearly Value of any Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, doth or shall at the time of making any Lease or Grant thereof coniift of any Building or Buildings thereupon; in all and every or any of such cases it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demise or grant the Land or Ground so directed to be set apart as aforesaid, or the Tenements or Hereditaments of the Description last aforesaid respectively, to any Person or Persons, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Seal or Seals of the said Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, for any Term or Estate, so as such Term or Estate do not exceed Ninety nine Years or Three Lives, to be computed from the Date or making of any such Lease or Grant respectively; or if any such Lease or Grant be made to take EfFeft in Reversion or Expectancy, then that the Term and Estate thereby to be granted, together with the Term or Ellate, Terms or Estates in Possession of and in the fame Land and Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, shall not exceed Ninety nine Years or Three Lives, computed from the Date or making thereof as aforesaid, and so as the respective Rents herein after specified or reserved for the fame; that is to say, where there shall happen to be any substantial Building or Buildings upon the Ground to be demised, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon shall not require or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there shall be refetved to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an annual Rent or Rents, not being less than Two Third Parts of such annual Sum as shall be deemed, by the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the time being, a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Building or Buildings and Ground respectively, for the Term and Ellate intended to be granted of and in the fame, and so a* there be paid to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Fine or Fines to the Amount of the remaining Part of such annual Sum as aforesaid, subject to a Discount which shall not be computed at a higher Rate than the highest legal Interest at the time of making any such Grant or Lease; and when there shall happen to be no substantial Building upon the Land or Ground to be demised, or that the Building or Buildings thereupon required or should be intended and agreed to be forthwith rebuilt, or other new Buildings to be ereCled upon such Land or Ground, then and in that case there shall be reserved such annual Rent or Rents as shall be deemed by the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the time being, to be a reasonable Rent or Consideration for such Land and Ground and old Buildings respectively for the Term and Estate intended to be granted of and in the fame, without taking any Fine for the fame, and so as in every Lease or Grant of Land or Ground and Buildings of the Description last aforesaid, there be contained a Covenant or Condition, on the Part of the LfcfTee or Grantee, for theeredling of proper and substantial Houses or other Building* thereon, within a reasonable time to be in such cases limited for that Purpose, and such other Covenants for keeping Buildings in Repair, and doing all such other Acts as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the time being shall think reasonable, and so as all and every such Rent and Rents be reserved* to be paid free and clear of all manner of Taxes and Assessments whatsoever, for and during the whole of the* Term or Terms to be granted or demised, except such Rent or such Part thereof, during such Part of such* Term or Terms as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster for the time being shall in any case think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any case the Term of Three Years, and so as every such Grantee or Lessee, Grantees or Leflces, shall and do duly sign, seal and deliver a Counterpart or Counterparts of his, her or their respective Grant or Lease, Grants or Leases; and that all and every such Grants and Leases so made as aforesaid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law; any thing contained in the said Act of the First Year of Queen 4nne9 or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, it was enacted, 4g q That whenever it should appear to the said Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, that it would be to the § Advantage of the Land Revenue of the Crown to exchange any Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for Land of equal or nearly equal Value, belonging to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and such other Person or Persons, or Bodies, should consent to such Exchange, it should be lawful for the Surveyor General of the said Duchy to cause the Value as well of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, as of the said Parcel or Parcels of Land proposed to be exchanged for such Land t)f His Majesty, to be ascertained by some able and practical Surveyor of Land, who should annex to his Survey, Estimateor Valuation thereof, when completed, an Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, an Affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the United Kingdom, who is respectively thereby authorized to administeran Oath or Affirmation in that Behalf, according to the Tenor and Effect therein mentioned, which Oath and Affirmation so taken and subscribed should be filed with the Survey and Estimate in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy; and the said Surveyor General of the said Duchy should report to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, the Grounds of his Recommendation of the proposed Exchange, together with the said Valuation of the respective Parcels of Land; and if the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy should, upon due Consideration had, approve of such Exchange taking place, they should authorize the proper Officers of the said Duchy to carry the fame into Effect, upon such Terms and Conditions as they should think fit, provided the fame should be assented to by the Person or Persons, or Body, with whom such Exchange is proposed to be made, and the said Chancellor should thereupon cause the said Parcel of Land belonging to His Majesty to be conveyed to the said Person or Persons or Bodies respectively, with whom the said Exchange was proposed to be made; and such Person or Persons, or Body, should at the same time convey to the said Chancellor and Council, in Trust for and on the Behalf of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of his said Duchy, the said Parcel or Parcels of Land so agreed to be given in Exchahge for such Parcel or Parcels of Land as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Completion of such

Exchange

1079

3- ft 73>

io8o C.i6l.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

in cates of Exchan?csof Land within ordering and Survey removed.

48 G. j

*x.

c. 73-

Exchange, the said Parcels of Land so belonging to His Majesty, and giveh in Exchange as aforesaid, should vest in the Person or Persons, or Body, to whom the fame was conveyed, for the fame Estate or Interest, and as fully and effectually as the said Parcels of Land so given in Exchange did before such Exchange; and the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, should veil in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of his Duchy as fully and effectually, and be subject to the fame Application, as the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to such Person or Persons, or Body, was vested in him before such Exchange: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Form of the Conveyance in cases of Exchange, empowered by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; Doubt* in Form Be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, that such Ex-of Conveyances, .change can be carried into Effect with Advantage to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Regulations directed by the said Act, it shall be lawful for the said Chancellor and Council, and they are hereby empowered to grant and convey to the said Person or Persons, or Bodies, respectively, with whom the said Exchange is proposed to be made, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments. Parcel of the said Duchy or County Palatine, in the Name of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, under the Seal or Seals of the said Duchy or County Palatine; and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, shall at the same time convey to the said Chancellor and Council, in Trust for and on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of hit said Duchy or County Palatine, the said Parcel or Parcels of Land so agreed to be given in Exchange as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Completion of such Exchange, the said Parcels of Land so belonging to His Majesty, and given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall vest in the Person or Persons, or Body, to whom the fame is conveyed, for the fame Estate or Interest, and as fully and effeclually as the said Parcel of Land so given in Exchange did before such Exchange; and the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to His Majesty, shall vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, iu Right of his said Duchy and County Palatine, as fully and cffednally, and be subject to the fame Application as the said Parcels of Land so conveyed in Exchange to such Person or Persons, or Body, was vested in him before such Exchange; any thing in the said Act or any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was enacted, That it should be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demifc or grant any Land or Ground belonging to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, within the Ordering or Survey of the Exchequer and of the Duchy of Lancaster^ which Should be deemed fit and proper for Gardens, Yards, Curtilages and Other Appurtenances, to be used and enjoyed with any House or tloufes or Buildings erected or to beereded upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietor, for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Date or making itich Lease or Grant respectively: And whereas it is expedient that the said Power should be extended so as to enable His Majesty, his Heirs Or Successors, to demil'c or grant for a like Term or Estate, any Land or

Ground which shall be detuned fit and proper to be used or appropriated for any other Purposescalculated to afford Accommodation or Convenience to the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any such House or Houses,

4 or Buildings, although the lame may not be demised with orattached to any such House or Hoofesor Buildings, or let as fora Garden, Yard or Curtilage thereto Be it therefore further enacted, That where any Land or Ground belongingor hereafter to belong to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering or Survey aforesaid, shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, fit and proper to be let or used for or appropriated to any Purpose calculated to afford Convenience or Accommodation to the Occupiers or Inhabitants of amy House or Houses erected or to be eretled upon Ground belonging either to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or to any other Proprietor or Proprietors, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, todemife or grant such Land or Ground to any Person or Persons, or to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Exchequer, or the Seal of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, for any Term or Estate not exceeding Ninety nine Years, to be computed from the Date or making thereof, with sfll such Powers. Privileges and Authorities as may bethought lit and requi-ftte for the effecting or promoting the Objedand Indent of such Demifc or Grant, so as there be reserved upon every such Demise or Grant such annual Rent or Rents as shall be deemed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, a reasonable Consideration for every such Demise or Grant, without taking any Fine for the same.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament holden in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His ipresent Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Sduthampton, and for rtfeertaining the Boundaries of the said Forcjl, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, a Power wasgiveu to the Commissioners of the Treasury, for Ten Years, from and after the palHng of that Ad, to contract for the Exchange of any of the Walle Lands, lying in the New Forest belonging to the Crown, in the manner therein mentioned, for any other Lands lying in the fame Forest belonging to In* 4 dividuals, of the Nature, Situation and Description, in the said Act particularly fpbeified: And whereas the Ptfwfrer £Hanted to His Majesty by the said Act to contract for Exchanges, was continued by an Act, fphffell in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend and amend the 4 'Term 'and Provisons \of an Act of the Thirty ninth \ana Fortieth Years of His present Majjly for the better Preservatidn 6f Timber in the New F-dreJl in the Cormty of Southampton, and for ascertaint ng the Boundaries of the said Fortfi, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, until the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousattll eight hundred and eleven; which said fail mentioned Act was continued until the Twenty fifth Ddy of JttlyKOne' thousand eight hundred and twelve, by au Adpaffed in thekft Selliou of Parliament; and

4 it

His Majesty may demise Lands for Gardens, 6tc.

c 86

t9-

50 G. 3,

c. 1x6.

31 G. 3. c. 94.

A.D. 1811. 52° GEORGII III. C«i6l. 108»

it is expedient to continue and enlarge such Perraififoo, and also to permit the Exchange and Sale of Property of the Nature and Situation therein and herein described, in all the Forest* belonging to His said Majesty Be* Treasury m*y it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treafisrer, suihorixe Com-or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the t-inse being, to authorize the Commissioners of Woe'll to His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor Gjeneral of His Majesty YWoods and Forests contraa for ex. for the time being, on the Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and SuQceflors, to grant or cont ract to grant to apy Per- changing Land*, son or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any of the Waste or other Lands of the Crown within any of the said

Forests, in Exchange for any other Lands in or adjoining to the fame Forest respectively, whereof such Perforv or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall or may be ieized in Fee Simple or absolutely entitled to an Eftato of Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenure, the Reversion thereof being in the Crown, and being fit and proper for the Growth of Timber, and conveniently situated for that Purpose 5 and that all and every Ex-'

change and Exchanges so made shall be good, valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposea whatsoever; any Infancy, Coverture or other Disability in the Parties interested ia such Exchange, or any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; provided the Value of each Piece of Land so to be ex- Prov.6 % chauged does not exceed One thousand Pounds, and that all such Exchange of Freehold Premises shall be made according to the Form marked (A.) and set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, and that all such Exchange,

of Leasehold Premises shall be made according to the Form marked (B.) also set forth in the said Schedule, or as near thereto as may be.

V. And whereas there are in various Parts of the several Royal Forests, fandry Parcels of Land belonging

to the Crown, which are wholly or in Part surrounded by or intermixed with or contiguous and adjoining to

other Lands, the Property of some of His Majesty's Subjects, and which said Forest Lands are of little 01

no Value to the Crown for the Growth of Timber, either by Inclosure and Planting, or otherwise, and it

may conduce to the more easy Care of the Rights of the Crown within the said Forests, as well as to the

Convenience of His Majesty's Subjects, if a Pbwer Should be given to the Lord High Treasurer, or to tko

Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to authorize the Sale of small Parcels of

Forest Land Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the pacing of this Act, if it shall appear to the Treasury toaKe* Lord High Treasurer, or to the Lords Commissioners of His MajestyY Treasury for the time being, upon the nate small Par-Report of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or upon the Report of the eels Lan^ ', f> Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, that any fmal Parcel or Parcels of Lands ^of Tujl-Land within any of the Royal Forests belonging to the Crown are intermixed with, adjoin or are contiguous or viduals. convenient to, or surrounded by the Lands of Individuals, and is or are of little ov no Value to the Crown for the Growth of Timber, either by Inclosure and Planting or otherwise; it QaH he lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more or them, to authorize the said Commissioners of Has MajestyY Woods* Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to contract and ^pree, on rite Behalf of His said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Person or Persons whole Lands shall be intermixed with, or shall adjoin to, or be contiguous or convenient to, or surrounded by such Parcel or Parceh of Land so situated as aforesaid for the Sale thereof, and to make good and effectual Conveyance thereof, for fitch Price or Prices as shall be certified to the said Commissioners of the Treasury by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or by the Lid Surveyor General of Woods and Forests, to be just and reasonable; such Price in no case to be under the Value set upon such Land by the Surveyor to be employed to value the Line in the manner herein after provided, and the Came to be paid into- the Hands of the Lid last mentioned Commissioners, or into the Hands of the said Surveyor General fop the time being, and to be by them or him accounted for in manner herein after specified: Provided always, that the Lands of the Crown to be Provfo. so fold and disposed of shall not exceed in Value in any In (lance the Sum of One thoafasd Pounds; and the Conveyance or Conveyances of such Pared or Parcel&of Land so to be sold and disposed of, be according to the Form marked with the Letter {C.) set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or an near thereto as may he.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in order to secure a true and just Price to be set Lg*d % xch«s§ed

on the Land of the Crown, and on that of Individuals to be given in Exchange, and also on the Laid of the <* surveytd

Crown to be sold by virtue of this Act, the fame in evenr Iraftance shall be valued by an able and practical Jfc prutticd Surveyor of Land, to be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, ^uiveyors.

Or by the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time beW, 00 Behalf of His Majesty; and the Land Surveyor so appointed for making such Valuation shall certify, by his Report in Writing under his Hand, what is in his Judgment the true and Lir Worth and Value of the Lands and Premises so by him surveyed and valued, clear of all Taxes, Aflefijnenfca and Reprizes whatever; and shall also annex to such Survey or Estimate or Valuation, an Oath or (being one of the People called Quakers) an Affirmation, taken and subscribed by him before any Oae of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or before such laid Surveyor General, or before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County wherein any such Land proposed to be exchanged or sold shall be, which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be in the Form following; that is to Ly,

J A. jB. do swear [<?r, being a Quaker, do solemnly affirm J That the Survey or Account hereto annexed Oath.

was faithfully and impartially made by me; that the Value of the Property of the Crown, and of C. V.

therein contained, is juitly estimated therein according to the bell of my Skill and Judgment; and that all«the Particulars stated in the said Survey are true to the best of my Knowledge and Belief.'

Which Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscribed, shall be ified with the Survey and Estimate, in the proper Office for depositing the same.

52 Geo. III. 6 Z«VII. And

1082 C. 161.

5 2

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

treasury empowered to authorize making of Railways, &c. to Quarries, fcc. in Forests; and Commissioners of Woods, &c or Surveyor General of Woods, &c to grant Leases.

Frovifa

4 Vi I. And whereas there are in divers of His Majesty's Forests, Quarries of Freellone, Limestone, Slate and other Stone, and Strata or Veins of Coal and Iron Ore, and of Marl, the Produce of which is of great Value, but by reason of the Steepness of the Ground in some Places, and the Witness or Depth of the Soil in others, the Access to the fame is in many Instancea at all times difficult and often impracticable: And whereas it would in many cases greatly facilitate the getting and carrying away of the said Freeftone, Limeflon'e, and other Stones, Slate, Coal, Iron Ore and Marl, if Permission were given to erect Fire or Steam*Engines for raising the fame, and the Water collecting in the Pits where they are got, and to form Rail or 4 'Tram Roads and Inclined Planes for carrying away the said Freellone, Limestone and other Stone, Slate, Coal, Iron Ore and Marl; and many Individuals might be willing to make such Railways or Tram Roads and Inclined Planes, or to erect such Fire or Steam Engines, if they should obtain leave for that Purpose; f Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever Application shall be made by any Person to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, for Leave to make any Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane, or to build or erect any Fire or Steam Engine as aforesaid, and it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or to the said Surveyor General, that it would be for the Advantage of the Public, and not detrimental to the Interests of the Crown, that such Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane should be made, or that such Fire or Steam Engine should be built or erected, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to authorize the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to grant a Lease for any Term not exceeding Thirty one Years, of such Part of the Royal Forests as may be necessary for the Purpose of making any such Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane, or for erecting such Fire or Steam Engine, with a Licence in such Lease to make or erect the fame under such Modifications and Restrictions, for such yearly Rent, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, may seem expedient; which Lease may be according to the Form hereunto annexed, and marked with the Letter (D.) or as near thereto as may be: Provided always, ' that no such Lease and Licence for the*Purpose of making such Railway, Tram Road or Inclined Plane, or of erecting such Fire or Steam Engine, shall be granted in auy case where the Use of the fame would interfere with or in any way abridge or prove inconsistent with the Exercise of the Rights vested in either of the Companies established by Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty ninth Year of King George the Third, 4? G. 3. c. clvfii. the one intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Foref of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to a certain Place in the said9 G. 3. c.clix. Forest called Cinderford Bridge; the other intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River Wye, at or near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucester, to or near to a Place called The Lower Forge, below Newern, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester; without the previous Consent and Concurrence of the Companies incorporated under the said Acts.

VIII. And whereas many Pumreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses have been made and continued in and upon the Soil of His Majesty, within the Boundaries of the Royal Forests, some of them contiguous and similar in Soil, Situation and Exposure to Parts of the said Forests well calculated for the Growth of Timber for the Use of the Navy, and some in particular within the Parts of the New Forest and Forest of Dean, which have been already set out for that Purpose under the Statutes in that case made and provided;

and it is expedient that more effectual Provision than has hitherto been obtained, should be made for dealing with all such Purpreftures and Encroachments, in such manner as shall hell answer the Purpose of preferring and maintaining His Majesty's Rights over the fame Be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in case of any Purpreftures or Eucroachments situate in Part* of any of the Forests fit for the Growth of Timber, which Purpreftures or Encroachments shall appear to have been inclosed, or used and occupied by the Person or Persons then in Possession. thereof, or by any Person or Persons under whom the fame is or are respectively claimed to be held, without any effectual Interruption by or on the Part of His mrishing Pari* of Majesty for any Period not less than Ten Years, and where Expence shall appear to have been incurred in L>refL the Improvement thereof by the EreClion of Buildings or otherwise, and the Claimant or Claimants, Occupier or Occupiers shall have reliuquished the fame on receiving Notice so to do, it shall be lawful fortheCorc-missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, by and with the Authority of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to make such Satisfaction or Compensation in Money, in Consideration of the Removal, Abatement or Resumption of any Encroachment or Purprefture so situated, as shall by the said Commissioners or the said Surveyor GeneTai for the time being, be deemed reasonable and proper, under all the circumstances of the case, or to grant a Lease of some other Part or Parts of the Forests situated on the Skirts or Borders thereof, which on account of such Situation or other circumstances shall not be deemed fit for the Growth of Timber, or likely to interfere with any Inclostmes or Plantations to be made for that Purpose, for such Term of Years, not exceeding Thirty one, as shall be deemed a reasonable Allowance by way of Compensation for the Expence which shall appear to have been incurred in such Improvements; provided that there shall be reserved to be paid to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Person or Persons to whom such Lease shall be so granted, such Annual Rent or Rents as, under all the circumstances of the case, shall by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, be deemed reasonable and proper,

Treasury or Surveyor General may make Cum pen lations, or grant Leases to Pei foils relin-

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 161. 1083

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in cases where Purpreftures Encroachments and Encroachments shall have been made Twenty Years at lead before the passing of this Act, (and which mm shall not within that Period have been abated or presented at any Forest Court J on the Skirts and Borders of pjrt< notVuitei any of the said Forests, or upon Parts thereof not adapted to or convenient for the Growth of Timber, or for Growth of likely to interfere with any Inclosures or Plantations to be made for that Purpose, and where the Persons in Timber, Com-

Possession.of the same shall be deiirous of retaining such Possession under a Lca(e or Leafea thereof, it shall be missioners of niflioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or for the Surveyor

lawful for the Commissioners

General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, under the Authority of the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissionera of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to grant such Lease or grtat Lease*.

I, cases for any Term not exceeding Thirty one Years, in Consideration of the Payment of such Annual Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions and Stipulations as, according to the circumstances of the case,

shall by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, be deemed reasonable and proper 5 and such Lease or Leases shall be made out accordingly, and may be according to the Form set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed, and marked with the Letter (D.) or as near thereto as may be, without any Fine, Fee or Reward to be paid for the same, or other Charge, except the Expences actually incurred for writing and engrossing such Leases.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Agreement, Deed, Conveyance and Lease authorized by this Inflnimenten-Act, together with a Map or Plan of the Land exchanged, fold or demised thereby, shall be enrolled in the .Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue, and a Minute or Docquet thereof entered and pre- Land Reveon* served in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being; and that from'knd after such Enrolment or Entry, His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown, shall be deemed to be in the actual and lawful Seisin and Possession of any Land taken in Exchange; and that the Party with whom such Exchange shall be so made, shall have, hold and enjoy the Lands and Premises so given in Exchange, as of the fame Tenure, and subject to the fame Charges and inverted with the same Rights and Privileges, as the Land taken in Exchange was before such Exchange legally subjctSl to and inverted with, but freed and discharged from any other Right, Title or Claim of the Crown to the Soil, than such#as shall be incident to the Nature of such Tenure, and from ail Common of Pallure and other Rights of Common; and the Party to whom any Land shall have been so fold, or conveyed by Exchange, shall hold or enjoy the fame, freed from any Right, Title or Claim of the Crown, and from all Common of Pasture or other Right of Common.

XL. And whereas the Number of unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses in

the Royal Forests has of late Years been much increased, and the Fences of many of such Encroachments,

and the Houses and Buildings erected thereon, though at different times abated and thrown down by the Keepers or other Officers of the said Forests, have again been re-instated by the Trespasser who originally made them, or by others subsequently occupying; or claiming the fame: And whereas it is expedient that more effectual Provision should be made for the Prevention of such Offences, and for the Punishment of the

Offenders in future Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all such unlawful Unlawful Enc!<v Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses which shall have been wilfully made, or caused or fl, r.*5 procured to be made, by any Person or Persons, in and upon any of the Royal Forests, or shall be wilfully verderers, &o. Tield, occupied and made use of by any Person or Persons subsequently occupying or claiming the fame, save

and except such as have been demised or in respect of which any Treaty for a Demise shall or may be pending .between the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and the Party or Parties who shall fc>6 pretended Owners or actual Occupiers thereof, shall and may be enquired of, by the Verderers of the respective Forest or Forests within which such unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments or Trespasses shall have been made, in the Court or Courts of Attachment of the said Forest or Forests; and the Person or Persons guilty of making, continuing and renewing any such unlawful Enclosure, Purprcfture, Encroachment or Trespass, save as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame in the said Court or Courts; and upon Proof being made thereof, on the Oath of One credible Witness, the Verderers of the said Forest or Forests, or any Two of them, present at the said Court or Courts, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to "

line any Person or Persons so offending, for every such Offence, in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, Penalty, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after provided for, and to order and direct every such unlawful Enclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment and Trespass, save as aforesaid, to be abated by the Regard.'rs, Under Foresters, Under Keepers or other Officers of the said Forest or Forests, who are hereby authorized and empowered to abate the fame accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that in case it shall be infilled upon by any Provife. Person or Persons, who shall be proceeded against in any of the said Attachment Court or Courts as hereinbefore directed, that the Place wherein the Enclosure, Purprefture, Encroachment or Trespass shall have been or shall be alledged to have been made, was not within the Boundaries of the said Forest or Forests, or within the Lands belonging to His Majesty within the same, the said Verderers shall not proceed to Conviction, but shall certify the Presentment of such Offence to His Majesty's Attorney General, to the End that such Proceeding may be had therein by Information of Intrusion, or otherwise, as by Law might have been had before the passing of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or Verier* may any Two of them, at any Court of Attachments holden for any of the said Forests, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of them, or any Two of them, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be the Officer pr Offers of the said Court or .Courts, Forest or Forests, for the purpose of executing the

6 Z a Judgments

appoint Oltiitrc for exe wting Orders of Court,

and fix Feet.

Regarden, kc. shall before li; Iding of Courts of Atrtichinents survey Forests, and take Account of Enclosures, «5cc.

Court of Attachments may enquire into Conrfdft of Reorders, Sec. Neglecting Quty.

Fine.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Penalties not dtrc&ed to be recovered before Verderers, or in Courts of Attachments recovered before Justice.

c. 161. 52°gec>rgii in a.d.iBi2

Judgments and Orders of the said Court or ComtB, from time to ttfne given and nfiatie; and the Person or Persons so appointed shall, during the time mentioned in such Warrant or Warrants, or until the same shall be recalled, or their Appointment or Appointments revoked by the said Verderers, have Full Power and Authority to execute the Judgments and Orders of the said Court or Courts, withm the said Forest or Forests, is such and the same manner, and by such and the fame means, as any Constable or other Peace Officer can or may by Law execute the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace for any County; and the said Verderers, or any Two of them, shall and may fix and allow such Fees to be paid to or taken by such Officer and Officers, as tht said Verderers shall in their Discretion think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer of any of the said Forests, shall, within the Space of One Calendar Month next before the holding of the First Court of Attachments in each Year, and within a reasonable time before the holding of any other Court or Courts of Attachments for any of the said Forests, carefully survey such Part or Parts of the said Forests as shall be within his or their Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the respective Walks of the several Uniter Foresters or Under Keepers of any of the said Forests, and shall take an Account of all unlawful Enclnfures^ Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses whatever^ made, done t>r committed within the fa ne, since any preceding Survey or Surveys which shall have been made by them or any of them, on any Part or Parts of any of the said Forests as aforesaid, or which were not noticed in such preceding Survey or Surveys; and every such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, shall, at every Court or Courts of Attachments holden for any of the said Forests, make and deliver to the Verderers thereof then present, a true Return and Preferment of all such unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses, as he or they shall find to have been made, done or committed, within any Part or Parts of the said Forests which shall be within his or their Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the respective Walks of the several Under Foresters and Under Keepers of any of the said Forests, or which he or they shall not have returned or presentedat the preceding or some former Court or Courts, or which having been made before such last Survey or Surveys, stall not have been abated, and at what time or times and in what particular Part or Parts of any of the said Forests, and by whom, any such unlawful Enclosures, Purpreftures, Encroachments and Trespasses, have been made, done or committed, so far as they have been able to ascertain the fame; and every such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, shall at the time of malting or delivering in his said Return Or Pfefentment, make Oath before the said Verderers {which Oath they or any One of them is hereby authorized to administer) that to the best of his Knowledge, Information and Belief, no unlawful Enclosure, Purptefture, Encroachment or Trespass, hath been made, done or committed, or then exists, within such Part or Parts of any of the said Forests as shall be within his Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the tefpefitive Walks of the several Under Foresters or Under Keepers of any of the said r orefts, other than such as are contained and described in the Return or Presentment then made and delivered in by him, or made ur delivered in at the preceding or at some former Court, specifying the time at which the fame was held.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the said Fcrefts, or any Two of them, at any Court or Courts of Attachments to be holden for any of the said Forests, to enquire into the Conduct and Behaviour of the Regarders, Under Foresters, Under Keepers or other Officers of the said Forests, in their said Offices; and if the said Verderers shall find that any Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, hath wilfully given or delivered in to them any untrtie Return or Presentment, or hath concealed or wilfully omitted to insert in such Retufrn or Presentment, any unlawful Enclosure, Pur. prefture, Encroachment or other Trespass, which ought to have been described or noticed therein, or hath wilfully and without good Cause negledied to make such Survey as is hereinbefore directed, or hath been guilty of any wilful Neglect in the Care of the Timber or other Trees, Woods, Thorns or Bushes, situate within such Part or Parts of any of the said Forests as shall be within his or their Regard, View or Cognizance, or within the Walk or Walks of any of the said Under Foresters or Under Keepers, or other Officers of any of the said Forests, or in any other respect hath wilfully omitted to perform the Duty of his Office, it shall be lawful for the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, (having due Proof made before them on Oath of any such wilful Neglect, Omission or Default) and they are hereby authorized to set and impose a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, for every such his wilful Act, Neglect, Omission or Default, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and for the second Offence, such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, shall forfeit and be deprived of his Office, and shall not at any time afterwards be restored to such Office, unless the Verderers, or any Two of them, shall by Order to be made by them at a Court of Attach, ments, signify that in their Judgment such Regarder, Under Forester, Under Keeper or other Officer, may properly be rc-appointed or .restored to his said Office; and if any such Officer shall be again convicted of a like Offence whereby his Office shall become forfeited, he shall be incapable of being again appointed to such Office, or of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever within any of the said Forests.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed, and Fees authorized by this Act, and not hereinbefore directed to be recovered before the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or in the said Courts of Attachments, shall and may be recovered in a summary way, before any Justice or Justice of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division or Place, in which the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be; and-in case any Penalty recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Verderers of any of the said Forests, or any Two of them, or in the said Courts of Attachments, or any Fine set or imposed, by the said Verderers, or any Two of them, or the said Courts, shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices, or Verderers, or the said Courts by whom such Fine shall be set or imposed, or before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands

9.

A.D. 1812.

52 GEORGII III.

C. 161. 1085

and Seals, and directed by such Justice or Justices, to any Constable or other Peace Officer, and by the said Verderers to the proper Officer or Officers to be appointed for any of the said Forests in the manner hereinbefore provided, to cause such Pine or Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Distrefi. Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient 3D iff refs can be had or made, such Ju (lice or Justices, Verderers or Courts, shall, if he or they shall think proper, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol for, or some House of Correction, within such County, Ittpritimmeac. Hiding, Division, City, Town or Place as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any time not exceeding Six Months.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend, to defeat, alter or infringe all or any of the Rights, Privileges or Advantages which may be enjoyed or claimed under any Letters Patent granted by His laid Majesty, his Ancestors, or Predecessors, of any Office, Bailiwick, Walk or Lodge, within any of the said Forests.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be con-llrued to extend to prevent His Majesty from proceeding by Information in His Court of Exchequer, or from having Recourse to any other Law which may now exist for the Punishment of Offences of the nature hereinbefore mentioned, in all cases where such Proceedings shall be deemed more adviseable than those which are authorized by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall accrue either by Penalties recovered tinder this Act or from the Sale of or as Rent for any Lands fold or demised by virtue of this Act, shall be J>aid to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Wood.-, Forests and Land Revenues, or to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to be by them or him paid into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and applied and accounted for with the other Funds under Iheir or his Management, in the manner directed by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Office cf Surveyor General of Woods and Forests

XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said For eft. and of the Lands of the Crown within the same, it was,

amongst other things, enacted, That the Commissioners thereby appointed should cause a Map or Plan to be made of the said Forest in manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said Map has not hitherto been framed according to the Provisions of the said Act; and it is expedient that the fame should be executed with as little Delay as possible, ' Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to employ Surveyors, or other proper Persons, in framing such Map or Plan and they are hereby required to complete the same within Five Years from and after the passing of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor of any Turnpike Road or any Highway, or for any other Person, to dig, get or carry away or cause to be dug, got or carried way any Stone or Gravel, or other Materials for the making or repairing of any Road or Way, or for any other Purpose, in or from any of His Majesty's Forests, whereby any Plantation or Tree belonging to His Majesty may be or be liable to be injured or damaged.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be cow-Jlrued to empower or enable the Commissioners of His Majesty* 8 Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to grant in Exchange, or to make Sale of any open or accustomed Marl Pits, or any Bogs or Lands from which Peat has been usually gotten for Fuel, or any Gravel Pits now open, (huate in or within any of the said Forests, or any Lands, by the Exchange or Sale whereof the Owners or Occupiers of any Estates adjoining or contiguous to the said Forests shall be deprived of their usual or accustomed Supply of Marl or Peat from the said Forests.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to empower etc enable the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests for the time being, to grant in Exchange or make Sale of any Land within any of the said Forests, in such manner as to prevent any Person or Persons having Right of Common on such Forests from having Access to such Forests for the Purpose of enjoying such Right of Common, as effectually and conveniently as he or they now has or have, or otherwise might have had, or to prevent any Person or Persons from having Access from the said Forests to any Lands belonging to him or them, lying adjacent or contiguous to the mid Forests, as fully as he or they now has or have or otherwise might have had.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iirtituled An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, the Commissioners of His Majesty1 a Woods,

Forests and Land Revenue, or any One of them, are authorized to receive a Verification and take an Examination on Oath touching and concerning all Matters of Surveys, Returns, Reports, Estimates,

Accounts and other Matters and Things, of and from every Officer and other Person, in all cases wherein the Surveyor General of His Majesty1* Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes, was immediately before the jpaffing of that Ad by Law authorized so to do: And whereas it is expedient that a like Authority should be given to them to receive Verifications and take Examinations on Oath touening Matters whick relate to the Department of His Majesty's Land Revenue, add which were, previous to the.puffing of the abovementioned Ad, under the fepan&e Cognizance or Management of the Surveyor General of that k Department y9 Be it therefore enacted, That k shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners, or any One of Conuniflion?rt them, and they or any One of them are and is hereby authorised to receive a Verification and take an ^Examination upon Oath of and from any Officer and other Person employed in making and conducting any Surveys^ Returns, Reports, Estimates and Accounts, or other Matters and Things touching and concerning loUehing Mat-

the tcr» relating to

AQ not to infringe Rights.under Letters Patent.

Not to prevent proceeding by ordinary Courts of Lavr.

Rent of Lands paid to Commit* fiooer*»fcc. and applicable as other Funds.

46 G 3, c. 141.

39* 40 G. 3. c. 86.

§ a

Map or Plan completed in Five Years. Surveyor of Roads, &c. not to dig Gravel,

Sec in Woods of the Crown.

Commissionert not to fell, & c. Marl Pits, Peat Lamia or Gravel Pits.

Exchange, See. not to be made to interrupt Acccfr to Forests from adjoining EiUtes,

50 G.3. 0.65.

5 XL

io85

Department of Land Revenue.

Perjury.

Two Commissioneri of Woods, &c. may ad.

35; G..3.C. 40.

36 G.3-c 6l.

36 G. 3. c. 63

G.3. C. 64.

34 G. 3. C. 7J.

4* G. 3.x. 73* §17-

5 12.

M^o-.y U\d nut in Purehat'c of

C. 161. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

the said Department of His Majesty's Land Revenue, in like, manner as they are by the said above mentioned Act empowered to-do in all Matters and Things relating to the Department of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chafes; and if any Officer or other Person shall in an)f such Verification or Examination upon Oath as aforv'said, knowingly and wilfully forswear himself, herself or themselves, such Officer or other Perii>n so offending shall be liable to be punished in such manner as is provided by the different Laws and Statutes now in force for the Punishment of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any thing is directed, required or permitted to be done under this Act, by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, the fame may be done by any Two of such Commissioners.

XXV. And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Right Honourable John Earl of Upper Offory of Ampthill in the County of Bedford, his Heirs and AJfgns, in Fee Simple all the Estate, Right, Title and Intercjl remaining in His Majesty in and upon the Walk of Farming Woods, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, to which the said Earl of Upper Offory is entitledfor Three Lives, under a Grant from His present Majesty, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty4 sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to Ju\in Earl '* of Westmorland, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title and Intercjl remaining in His Majesty, in or upon the Hayes or Walks of Sulehay, Fermes and Shortwood and Morehay, in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paidfor the fame:

' And whereas another Act was passed in the said Thirty" sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grer, t to Henry Earl of Exeter, his Heirs and Assigns* in Fee Simple,

'*all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest remaining in His Majesty, in and upon the Haye or Walk of West Hay in the Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same j and it was thereby enacted, that when such Grant should be so made, the Woods, Woodlands,

Hereditaments and Premises to be comprised therein should immediately thereupon become and be Part and Parcel of the fasti Henry Earl of Exeter's Manor of Duddington, in the County of Northampton: And whereas another Act was passed in the said Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest remaining in His Majesty in and upon the Lawn of Benefield, and the Bailiwick of Rockingham, in the said Forest of Rockingham, in the County of Northampton, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same: And whereas in pursuance of the Powers, Authorities and Directions of the said first recited Act, the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue did contract for the said Grant to the said John Earl of Westmorland, and did ascertain and fix the Sum of Eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight pence to be a full and adequate Consideration for the said

Grant, and the said Sum of Eleven thousand eight hundred and eighty one Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eight pence was accordingly paid by the said John Earl of Westmorland under the Direction of the said A

into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, and was laid out in the Purchase of Seventeen thousand eight hundred and sixty seven Pounds and Eight Pence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the same manner and to and for the same Uses and Purposes as the Mouies arising or to arise by the Sale of the Fee Farm Rents are directed to be laid out by an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Management

of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprove able Rents, as by the said first recited Act is directed: And whereas no Contract or Agreement has hitherto been made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, with the said Henry Earl of Exeter, or

his Heirs or Assigns, or with the said George Finch Hatton, or with the said John Earl of Upper OJforu under the said recited Acts in respect of the said Grants to be made to them; and the Sums of Money to be paid under the said recited Acts as a Consideration for the said Grants remain still unsettled: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, the said Surveyor General for the time being was authorized to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politic or Corporate,

for the Sale of the Soil, Mines 01 other Minerals, or other Substances or Herbage, or any other Rights or IntereiLs of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Bred nock, or any Part thereof, or in any manner appertaining thereto, or existing within the same, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General should be able to procure for the fame, and which should be approved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same should from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and should be invested in the Purchase of Stock, and the Stock so purchased and the Interest and Yearly Dividend arising therefrom should be applied in the same manner, and subject to the fame Regulations as are prescribed in the said last recited Act, with respect to the Purchase Monies arising from the Sales of Crown Lands thereby authorized to be made: And wncreas from the great and increasing Dif-

> ficulty of procuring a sufficient Supply of Timber for the Use of the Navy, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Public in general, if the said Sum of Money so received from the said John Earl of Wtf norland, and the Monies to be paid by the Heirs of the said Henry late Earl of Exeter, and the said George Finch Hatton» and the said John Earl of Upper Offory, (the fame having arisen from the Sale of the Forestal Rights belonging to His Majesty) and also the Monies arising from the Sale of the Forest of Brecknock)

were laid out in the Purchase of Lands fit and proper for the Growth of Timber, and of any Rights of Indi-f viduals, to Landa fit for that Purpose Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cotn-

tf ©iffioDCrt

A.D. 1812, 52° GEORGII III. C. 161. 1087

missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land- Revenues, or the Surveyor General of Crown Lands l<*nds fit for.for the time being, with the Approbation of and by the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer, or Com- ! Jj0'?1*1 missioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contract and agree with any Body or^er'

Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Person or Persons for the Sale of and to fell the said Sum of Seventeen thousand eight hundred and sixty seven Pounds and Eight pence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or any* Part thereof, and apply the Produce and also the Monies to be received from the said Heir or Heirs of the said Henry late Earl of Exeter, the said George Finch Hatton, and the said John Earl of Upper Offory, or either of them; any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all or any other Monies-arising or which may arile from the Sale of the said Forest of Brecknock, or any Part thereof, or of Lands in any Forest, reputed Forest or Waste, belonging to His Majesty, or of His Majesty's Rights and Interests therein, in the Purchase of any Lands the Property of Individuals, or in the Purchase of any Rights of Individuals (where the Reversion of such Rights shall be veiled in His Majesty) to or over any Lands which shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the Surveyor General of Crown Lands for the time being, be fit and proper for the Growth and Cultivation of Wood and:

Timber, and such Lands and Rights shall when so purchased be held by and be and become the Property of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XXVI. And whereas the above named Henry Earl of Exeter, afterwards created Marquis of Exeter, departed this Life without having completed the Purchase of the Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and Premises, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth of His present Majesty, but the Devisees in 3^G.3.0.63.

Trust, named and appointed by his Will, are at present in Treaty with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the Purchase thereof, and also for the Purchase of His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe in the said County of Northampton, and are desirous in the Event of such Treaties being carried into Enest, that the said Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and Premises, mentioned in the said recited Act, should become and be Part of the said Manor of King's Cliffe; Be it therefore enacted, That, Purchase com-frora and after the Completion of such Pnrchafes as aforesaid, the Woods, Woodlands, Hereditaments and F, clei, > ^>3nds ft> Premises so to be comprised in any Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be made or granted under the Manor of Kh^'s Authority of the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth of His present Majesty, shall become and be Part of the cuffL said Manor of King's Cliffe, and not of the Manor of Duddingion.

XXVII. And whereas in and by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 51 O. 3 c 115. 4 intituled An Act for amending the Ad Forty third George the Thirds to promote the building, repairing or i

other wise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and for providing of Church Tards and Glebes, it was, among other things, enacted, That the King's Most Excellent Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, should have full Power, Licence and Authority, by Deed or Writing, under the Great Seal, to give and grant, and vest in any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, all such, his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property, in any Lands or Tenements, within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, for or towards the erecting, rebuilding, repairing,

purchasing or providing any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland are or shall be used or observed, or any Mansion House, for the Residence of any Minister of the said United Church officiating or to officiate in any such Church or Chapel, or any Outbuildings, Offices*

Church Yards or Glebe, for the fame respectively, and to be for those Purposes applied in and by such Deed as aforesaid expressod, provided that nothing in this Act now in recital contained should extend or be construed to extend to enable His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to grant more than Five Acres in any One Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas it is found expedient that the Powers of the same Act should be extended to Ground for Curtilages, Acceffes or any other Conveniences or Accommodations of or to any

of such Churches or Chapels as aforesaid: And whereas the passing of Deeds or Writings under the Great Seal for the Purposes aforesaid, by reason of the great Expence attending the fame, may in some cases produce Inconvenience and frustrate the Intention of the said Act; Be it therefore enacted, That His said His Mr, jetty Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall have full Power, Licence and Authority to give and grant, and vest may grant Laud in any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, in manner herein after mentioned, all such his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property in any Lands or Tene- Churches ox ° ments within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, or of the Duchy of Lancaster, for Curtilages, or for Ac- Chaptls, ceffes, or for any other Conveniences or Accommodations of any such Churches or Chapels as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, shall have full Capacity and Ability to receive, take, hold and enjoy the fame according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and whenever it shall be the Pleasure of His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to make a Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, to grant a Warrant under, his or their Hand or Hands to any such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, specifying the Premises so to be veiled in such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as aforesaid, which Warrant shall be inroiled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the Division or County within which the Premises shall be situate, and also in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or in the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the time being; and such Auditor^ and such Commissioners, or Surveyor General having enrolled the said Warrant, shall certify such Inrolment at the Foot or on the Back thereof under their Hands, and return the said Warrant to the Grantee or Grantees of the Premises therein named, and from and immediately after such Inrolment and thenceforth for ever the respective Grantees named in such Warrants, and their Heirs and Successors, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seifia and Possession of the Premises in the bid Warrants

specifiedj

ioS8

[Proviso.]

C. 161. $2' GEORGII III. AJ3.i8i».

specified, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of a*d from all Claimi ajd Demands which can or may oe made by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Petfom lawfully claiming by, from or under him or them, and of and from all manner of Incumbrances whatsoever as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to enable His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant more than Five Acres in any One Grant for any of the Purposes aforesaid.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

(A.)

FOR AN EXCHANGE OF FREEHOLD LANDS.

IDE it known. That the Right Honourable A.B. and C. Coramjflioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in Exercise of the Powers vested in them by an Act [insert the Title of this Act]9 do by these Presents 09 Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, give, grant and convey to X Y. his Heirs and Assigns, All that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured in the Map or Plan wnexed to

these Presents, containing Acres Roods and Perches,

and abutting, &c.

[as the case may he]: And the said X Y. doth by these Presents, for himself and his Heirs, by the Dirtftion of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, give, grant and convey unto His said Majesty King George tht Third, and his Heirs and Successors, all that Piece or Par. cel of Land coloured in the said Map or Plan, in Exchange for the Piece

or Parcel of Land distinguistted by a Colour in the said Map or Plan: Provided always, That if

His said Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said X. Y* his Heirs or Assigns, shall at any time without their respective wilful Default, be evicted of the fame Piece or Parcel of Land hereby respectively given, granted and conveyed to him or them respectively as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties so evicted to enter into the Piece or Parcel of Land contracted by him to be given ia Exchange as aforesaid, and to hold and enjoy the fame in his or their former Estate, in the same manner as if the Exchange hereby made bad not been made. In Witness, &c.

(B.)

FORM OF DEED FO % R AN EXCHANGE OF LEASEHOLD PREMISES.

BE it known. That the Right Honourable A. B and C. Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in Exercise of the Powers vested in them by an Act [insert the Title of this Act]f do by these Presents qd Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, give, grant and demise unto X. Y, his Executors, AdmioiftratoTt and Assigns, for the Term of Years, commencing from the Day next before the Day of the Date of these Presents, All that Piece or Parcel of Land coloured in the Map or Plan annexed to these

Presents, containing Acres, Roods and Perches, and abutting, lAc.

[at the case may he] in

Exchange for the Piece or Parcel of Land coloured in the said Map or Plan, containing

Acres, Roods and Perches, and abutting, £5fc.

[as the case maybe]: And the said

X Y. doth by these Presents, for himself, his Executors and Adminmrators, and by the Direction of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues give, grant and surrender to His Majesty King George the Third, his Heirs and Successors, all that the said Piece or Parcel of Land coloured

in the said Map or Plan, and which is now vested in him the said X Y. under a Lease from the Crown, for a Term of Years, of which Years are yet to come and unexpired, in Exchange for the said Piece

or Parcel of Land, distinguished by a Colour in the said Map. In Witness* dec.

(C.)

FORM OF CONVEYANCE.

HESE are to witness, That in Consideration of the Sum of paid by A.B. to the Commissioners of Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, [or to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, &c. as the case may he] for and on account of His said Majesty, C.D. and X F.t Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being duly authorized by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, do, for and on the Behalf of His said Majesty, by these Presents grant, bargain and fell unto the said A.B. his Heirs and Assigns, [describe the Parcels of Land, fold] To hate, and to hold, [the said Parcels, &c.] hereby bargained and fold, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto and to the Use of the said A.B. his Heirs and Assigns.for ever# lx Witness whereof, the said C.D. E.F. and G. H. have hereunto set their H&nds and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord fe

FORM

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III. C. 161, 162, 1989

(D.)

FORM OF LEASE.

'J'HESE are to witness, that in Consideration of the Annual Rent or Sum of herein after

reserved to be pdid by X. T. of, &c. the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, [ or, the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, as the case may be-\ by the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for and on Behalf of His Majesty, doth [or, do] by. these Presents, grant, demise, lease and to farm let unto the said X. T. hifl Executors, Administrators and Assigns, All \_defcr\be the Parcels of Land, To have and to hold the said Parcels, &c. hereby demised, and all Benefit and Advantage thereto belonging, unto him the said X. T. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for and during the Term of Years, yielding and paying by Half yearly Payments

to the said Surveyor General, or to the said Commissioners [j/ the case may &] for the time being, the Annual Rent or Sum of.In Witness whereof the said and the said X. T.

have hereunto set their Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year, &c.

Witness,

CAP. CLXII.

An Act for the Preservarkm of the Public Peace in certain disturbed Counties in England / and to give, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Justices for that Purpose.

[29th July 1812.]

WHEREAS Arms have for some timepaft been raduftriously collected by evil disposed Persons, for Purposes dangerous to the Public Peace, and have been also taken by Force from the Houses of

Persons unable to refill such Violence: And whereas illegal Associations have been formed in several Couo-

ties, and which are in many cases connected with each other by Delegates; and numerous Outrages have been committed by Persons so associated, and by other evil disposed Persons who assemble to destroy Manufactories and Machinery: And whereas Meetings are held, as well by Night as by Day, by many evil disposed Persons, for the Purpose of training and learning the Use of Arras, in order to enable them more effectually to execute their evil Purposes: And whereas such Practices endanger the public Peace and Security 5 and it is therefore necessary to empower Magistratea, and others acting under their Authority in Protection of the Public Peace, upon Suspicion, to feaxch for and seize ajl stolen or secreted and

concealed Arms, Weapons and Ammunition, and to receive for faf$ Custody the Arms, Weapons and Aummunition belonging to Persons unable to refill such unlawful Outrages as aforesaid; and also to authorize the dispersing of all unlawful Assemblie* and Meetings, and the apprehending of Persons engaged therein, or aiding and assisting thereat, or acting as Delegates of or to such Affejnbliea or Associations, or engaged in inciting Persons to join in such illegal Practices* Be it therefore enacted by the King*s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Justice Arms college* of the Peace or Magistrate, or for any Constable or other Peace Officer a cling under any Warrant signed by for Purposes any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate or for any Person or Persons acting with or in Aid of any Constable dangerous to or other Peace Officer having a Warrant from any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, to search for and seize PuMc Peace any stolen or concealed or secreted Muskets, Guns, Piftola or other Fire Arms, or Swords, Bayonets, Pikes,

Pike Heads, Dirks, Daggers, Spears or Instruments serving for Pikes or Spears, or auy Parts of such Arms or Weapons, or any Gunpowder or Bullets, or other Ammunition, in any House or Building, or any Place whatsoever in which the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, making or granting any Warrant for the making of any such Search, may suspefl any stolen Arms, Weapons or Ammunition to be, or any Arms, Weapons or Ammunition to be concealed or secreted 5 and in case Admission shall be refuted or not obtained within a reasonable time after it shall have been first demanded, to enter by Force, by Day or by Night, into every such House or Building, or any Place whatsoever, and to carry away the Arms, Weapons and Ammunition there so found, and deliver the lame to such Person or Persons, to be deposited jn such Place or Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose, as herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, by any Warrant under their Hands and Seal % to require the Delivery of any Arms, Weapons or Ammunition which may be in any House or Place, in which, in the Judgment of such Justices or Magistrates, such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition shall not be sufficiently secure against any Attempts which may be made by any evil disposed Persons to obtain Possession thereof; and if the Person possessed of such Arms or Weapons or Ammunition shall refuse to deliver up such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, upon such Demand as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justices or Magistrates, or any Persons acting under any such Warrant as aforesaid, to tearch for and take and secure the fame, and for that Purpose to enter by Force in the Day time, if Entry should not be allowed in a reasonable time after Demand thereof, into any House or Building, or any Place whatsoever; and all Arms, Weapons or Ammunition so taken, shall be marked by the Person taking the fame, in such a manner as to ascertain from whom the fame were taken, and a Receipt shall be given by the Person receiving or taking the fame, to the Person by whom the same shall be delivered, or from whom the same shall be so taken; and all such Arras, Weapons and 'Ammunition, shall be deposited for safe Custody in such Place and put in Charge of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to take Care of such Arms, Weapons ojr Ammunition, for the Purpose of being restored as herein after mentioned.

52 Gsd. Ill 7 A III. Provided

Arms not secure from Seizure demanded by Warrant of Justices, and lodged in Places of Security.

1090 C. 162.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Appeal.

Sessiom held every Three Weeks for deciding Claims.

Arms to be registered and

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person from whom any such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition shall be so taken'as last aforesaid, in case the Justices or Magillratci-upon whose Warrant the same shall have been taken shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, refuse te red ore the fame, to apply to the next Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County of Riding, for the Restitution of such Arms, Weapons and Ammuni.ion, or any Part thereof; and the Justices assembled at such Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall make such Order for the Reftitu-tion or safe Custody of such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or any Part thereof, as, upon such Application, shall appear to them to be proper: And, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, Special Sessions of the Peace shall be held in every County, Riding, City or Place in which Sessions of the Peace are held, once in every Three Weeks at the lead, for receiving and hearing such Applications as to Arms as aforesaid; the First of which Sessions shall be held on the Second TuefJay next after the passing of this Act; and all such Special Sessions may be adjourned from time to time, as may be deemed necessary by the Justices attending the same.

Depots for feiaed

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any such Arms appointed. Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, in every County or Riding or Division of any County within the Provision9 of this Act, and they are hereby required, in all cases where the same shall be necefory, to appoint proper Places for Depots for all Arms seized or taken for safe Custody, and also proper Pert'ons to have the Custody and Care of such Arms; and the Expence of such Depots and such Remuneration as the Justices at any such Session or any subsequent Sessions shall deem reasonable and pioper, to be paid to the Persons having the Custody and Care of such Arms, for their Trouble, and for the Care and Preservation thereof, shall be paid out of the Rates of the County, Riding or Division, where the Depots shall respectively be.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person having the Care of any Depot for safe Custody of any such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, shall keep an accurate Re-Copies made for giftry thereof, and shall produce such Register, or deliver an accurate Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, Lieutenancy and whenever the same shall be demanded, to the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant. 3nd to the yunrter e ions. £]erk Gf (be Peace of the County, Riding or Division, or City, Town or Place where the same shall be ue-posited, for the Use of the Lieutenancy, or of the Justices assembled at any Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid.

Special or Gene-

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices assembled at any Special or General or Quarter Sessions ral or Quarter of the Peace may and shall from time to time, as the case may require, examine the Returns of kegiftry of all Sessions may de* Arms, Weapons and Ammunition deposited under the Provisions of this Act, a, d also, if they shall see fit, termine ow examine any Person or Persons who may be able to give any Information as to such Arms, Weapons or Am-munition, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, upon Oath j which Oath they are hereby respectively authorized to administer); and it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at any such Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to order that any such Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, shall remain deposited .while the County or Part of the County where the same shall have been taken shall, it. the Judgment of ti e Justices assembled at any such Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace as noresaid, continue so disturbed, as to make it expedient to retain the fame in safe Custody, or that the fame Aral! so remain duiirg the Continuance of this Act, or that the same shall be restored to the Owner thereof; a..d the said Justices shall also make such Order for the Delivery of all such Arms to the Persons entitled thereto, without Fee or Reward, at the Expiration of this Act, as they may deem proper and necessary.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Assemblies of Persons meeting to be trained or drilled, or for the Purpose of being arrayed in Bodies or learning the Use of Arms, without any lawful Authority from His

unlawful; aiding Majesty, or any Lieutenant of any County by Commission or otherjvife, for so doing; and all Assemblies of Assembbes, or peffons meeting together for the Purpose of illegally taking any Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or fur the Purpose of collecting or forming of any Depots of any Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or for the Purpose of secreting and concealing of any Arms, Weapons or Ammunition, or for the Destruction of any House, Building, Machinery or other Property, or for the Purpose of aiding, abetting or in any manner afliiii.ig in any such Purpose aforesaid 5 or for the Purpose of raising any Sums 01 Money for the Purpose of aiding and abetting .any such Purpose as aforesaid, or for the aiding and abetting or assisting in the supporting and maintaining of.any such Assembly as aforesaid, or of any other unlawful Combination or Confederacy, shall be and the same are hereby prohibited as dangerous to the Peace and Security of His Majesty's liege Subjects, and of His Government; and every Person present at, or aiding or abetting any such Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting in the getting together of any such Assembly, Meeting, Combina*

tion or Confederacy as aforesaid, or acting as a Secretary of or as a Delegate to or from any such Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforesaid, or who shall knowingly be employed rr concerned in the collecting or receiving or disbursing of any such Sums of Money as aforesaid, for any such Purpose as aforesaid, shall upon being convicted thereof be deemed guilty of a Misdemcaror.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or for any Constable, Peace Officer or other Person acting under the Warrant of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate,

cf Public Peace or acting with or in Aid of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or of any Constable or other Peace Officer dispersed; found having such Warrant as aforesaid, to disperse any such unlawful Assembly or Meeting before mentioned, and to 5k*ed<Arm*arre^ an(* detain any Persons present at or aiding, assisting or abetting any such unlawful Assembly or Meeting, and also any Person found carrying Arms in such manner and at such times as to afford iuft Grounds of Suf-

Mifikmcaeor. picion that the same are carried for Purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate who shall arrest any such Person, or before whom any Person a ire lied upon

Arms, See, disposed of.

What Assemblies declared'

acting as Dele gates from, or assisting by Contributions of Money.

Misdemeanor.

Persons ^flem-Wed in Danger

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 162. 1091

any such Warrant shall be brought, to commit such Person for Trial for a Misdemeanor under the Provisions of this Act, unless such Person can and shall give sufficient Bail for his Appearance at the next General or Quarter B*-Sessions of the Peace, to answer to any Indictment which may be preferred against; him for any Offence against this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, Juices may, upon Information upon Oath by any One or more credible Witneisor Witnesses, that any Person is, to the bed

of the Knowledge or Belief of the Person giving such Information, acting as a Secretary of or Delegate to or co^mU Dele-

from any such unlawful Assembly or Meeting as aforesaid, or is employed or engaged or concerned in the re- gnes, &c. and

ceiving or collecting of any Contributions of Money, or disbursing of any such Money, for any unlawful feixe Books.

turpose as aforesaid, or in Aid of any Unlawful Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy as aforesaid,

or has the Care and Custody of any such Money, or of the Books, Papers, Documents or other Things relating to any such unlawful Assembly, Meeting, Combination or Confederacy, or containing any Accounts of any such Money, to grant a Warrant for the Apprehension of any such Perfprt or Persons, and for the seizing any such Books, Accounts, Papers, Documents or other Things as aforesaid; and upon Examination had thereon,

if he shall see Cause to commit such Person to the Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Divi-

fion, City, Town or Place, for Trial thereon; unless such Person can and shall give sufficient Bail to the* Bait

Satisfaction of such Justices or Magistrates for his Appearance to aufwer to any Indictment which may be

preferred against him for any such Offence under this Act, at the ensuing General or Quarter Sessions of the

Peace for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person indicted for any Offence under this Act, shall forthwith Committed, t* plead to the Indictment, and Trial shall proceed thereon at the Sessions of the Peace at which the indictment plead and pro-; shall be preferred against him, unless the Court shall, upon any sufficient Ground, postpone the pleading to c?cd to

such Indictment or such Trial; and then and in such case the Person indicted shall remain in Custody, unless or Trial

sufficient Bail shall be given to the Satisfaction of the Court for his Appearance and answering to such In- postponed, to re-

dictment at the time appointed for the Pleading to or Trial thereof, without further Notice. martin Custody

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate, or for any unlefr bailed. Person acting under any Warrant of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, to order any Assembly confiding of

Tenor more Persons met together on any Common or Field, or any other open or inclosed Ground, in the ^kU'eiribliecI

Night; that is to say, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Evening and Six in the Morning, from the First Day of October to the First Day of February, or between the Hours of Ten at Night and Four in the

Morning, from the First Day of February to the First Day of October, which such Justice of the Peace may

suspect to be assembled for any unlawful Purpose, to disperse 5 and if the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or the Person having such Warrant, shall not, upon the View of such Assembly or otherwise, be satisfied that such Persons are assembled upon some lawful Occasion, and shall in consequence thereof order such Assembly to

disperse, and such Persons shall not, upon such Order, ' disperse, then and in such case such Assembly shall be

deemed an unlawful Assembly, and the Persons there remaining together after such Order may be arrested and

detained, and dealt with as any Persons found at any unlawful Meeting may be dealt with under the Provisions of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the several Counties spe- Justice of de- - cified in this Act, or in any Proclamation to be issued under this Act, or any Counties next adjoining thereto,

shall have concurrent Jurisdiction as Justices of the Peace in all cases as to the carrying into Execution the ^cuwentJurS Provisions of this Act, and as to all Matters and Things relating to the Preservation of the Public Peace, as di^Uon in fully and effectually as if each of such Justices was in the Commission of the Peace of each of such Counties, and Counties, had duly qualified by Law to act therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint by any Commission or what Persons

Commissions under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, or under the Seal of the County Palatine of Lan- His Majesty en*. sajler, to be made out from time to time for that Purpose, any Person being the Son of any Peer or Lord of powered 10 ap-Parliament, or of any Person having a Qualification to (it in Parliament, in the Counties within the Provisions ° r

of this Act, or either of them, or in any County adjacent to any such County, although not the eldest Son or

Heir Apparent, to be and aft as Justices of the Peace in and for the several Counties or Ridings specified in this.

Act, or which may hereafter be specified in any Proclamation under this Act, or any Counties or Ridings next adjoining thereto, for carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act, and the Preservation of the Peace in such Counties or Ridings during the Continuance of this Act, although such Person may not be duly qualified by Law in respect of Property under any Act of Parliament now in force relating to the Qualification of Justices of the Peace to act as a Justice of the Peace, and every such Commission shall (late that the Persons appointed Justices therein are so appointed under the Provisions of this Act, and no such Commission shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to abrogate, annul or supersede, or in any manner to affect any other Commission or Commissions of the Peace which may be in force or may hereafter be issued in or for any such County or Counties, or Riding or Ridings; and all Persons so appointed shall take all such Oaths as Oaths, are by Law required to be taken by any Justices of the Peace, except the Oath of Qualification as to Property; and such Oaths may be taken before the Lord High Chancellor, or the Chief Justice of His Majesty '

Court of King's Bench, or the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, or Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any Two Justices of the Peace of the County or Riding, or any one of the Counties or Ridings for which any such Person shall be appointed, (who are hereby severally and respectively authorized to administer the same) and all Persons so appointed and having taken such Oaths as aforesaid shall be and be deemed to be to all Intents and Purposes Justices of the Peace for the Counties or Ridings for which they shall befo appointed, without any further or other Qualifica-

7 A 2 lion.

'1092 C.r62, 163. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Justices to appoint Special Constable;

Offenders indited if not prosecuted under

A a.

Persons in Custody, <cc. at passing Act liable to Prosecution.

Permitting unlawful Meetings*

Penalty. Misdemeanor.

Indices on Oath of unlawful Meeting being held, may declare Licence of House forfeited.

Ad to extend to certain Counties, and others by Proclamation.

His Majesty miy alter Provisions of Ad.

[Proviso.]

[Continuance of Act.]

tion whatever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were included in the general Com* millions of the Peace for the Counties or Ridings for which they are appointed, and were duly qualified, and had duly qualified according to Law toad as Justices of the Peace in such Counties or Ridings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at airy Special or General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to appoint any such Persons as may appear to them to be fit and proper to be denominated Special Constables for any Hundred or Hundreds, or Division or Divisions of any County, or for any Part of any Hundred or Division of any County, although the fame may consist of fete-ral Parishes, Township or Places; and all such Special Constables shall be subject to the general Controul and Superintendence of the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division for which they shall be appointed to id, provided that no Person shall be appointed such Special Constable as aforesaid without his Consent.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Prosecution by Indictment or otherwise for any thing which shall be an Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and which might have been so prosecuted if this Act had not been made, unless the Offender mail have been prosecuted for such Offence under this Act, and convicted or acquitted of such Offence; save only that no Person shall be prosecuted under the Provisions of this Act, for having been before the passing of this Act a Member of any Assembly or Afibciation by this Act declared to be unlawful, if such Person shall not in any manner have acted against the Provisions of this Act after the passing thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to discharge any Person in Cuuody at the passing of this Act, or who having been in Custody shall have been disciiargeu on Bail or Recognizance, from any Prosecution which might have been had against such Person if this Act had not been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly permit any Meeting of any Assembly

or Meeting hereby declared to be unlawful, or of any Division, Branch or Committee of such Assembly or Meeting, to be held in his or her House or Apartment, such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall for any such Offence committed after the Date of his or her Conviction for such First Offence, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor. s

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any Meeting of any Assembly, Meeting or Association by this Act declared to be unlawful, or any Meeting for any unlawful Purpose mentioned in this Act, hath been held after the passing of this Act at any House, Room or Place, licensed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences for selling Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors granted to the Person or Persons keeping such House, Room or Place, to have been forfeited; and the Person or Persons so keeping such House, Room or Place, shall from and after the Notice of such Adjudication as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Act done after that Day, which such Person or Persons would be subject and liable to if such Licence or Licences had expired or otherwise determined on that Day.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Provisions thereof, shall extend to the several Counties of Chester and Lane after % and the West Riding of Torhshire, and such other Counties or Ridings in England as His Majesty shall from time to time, upon the Representation made by any General Meeting of the Lieutenancy of any County or Riding in consequence of any Disttirbance therein, by any Proclamation made by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, declare to be so disturbed as to make it necessary that the Provisions of this Act should be enforced therein; and then and in such case this Act shall be in fuss Force as to any such County or Counties or Ridings, from the Day specified in any such Proclamation, as if such County or Riding had been mentioned in this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by Proclamation, to declare that this Act shall be no longer in force in any Counties specified in this Act, or in any County to which the Provisions of this Act shall have been extended by Proclamation as aforesaid, and from and after the Period specified in any such Proclamation, the Powers of this Act shall no longer be in force in such County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or be construed to extend to prevent His Majesty upon such Representation, and by such Advice ss aforesaid, declaring by Proclamation any such County to be again within the Powers of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and no longer.

CAP. CLXIII.

Gaolers to make out Lists of Prisoners in

Cibody.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[29th July i8n.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present Condition of the Prisont and Gaols in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called Ireland, that feme of the Prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at Liberty $' Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, mthif present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison in any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall and 13 and are hereby required to make a true, exact and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, who upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, was or were, or have since continued to be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lift shall be really an xdual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of any Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prifoo

3 nrfpc&irely,

A.D. 1812. 5V GEORGII III. C.i63. JP93

respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Cods, Sum or Sums of Money or Contempt for Non-payment of Money, and an Account of the time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained, together witji the Amount of such Debts as the said Prisoner or Prisoners are detained for, and shall deliver the lame to the Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, Thit the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea, and every other Keeper Gaolers to take and Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty in Ireland, shall severalty on the delivering in of any Oath on deliver-such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, take an Oath in open Court of such General Quarter Set- "*

fion or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; that is to say,

\A.B* upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess and de- Oath.

1 clare. That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names k or are infer ted and contained in the first Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really, upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and truly Prisoners in ' actual Custody in the Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Second Part of the said Lift, now by me delivered in and subscribed as

aforesaid, have since the said Fifth Day of Jttne One thousand eight hundred and twelve been committed or surrendered to the said Prison of [ioferitbe Name of the .Prison'} at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein contained, was or were to the best of my Knowledge and

Belief really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, as appears by the Returns made to me on his and their respective Commitments.

So help me GOD.

Which the said Justices at their First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session aforesaid, or at Oath administer-some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to admi- ed in open nifter in open Court, and the Words of the said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken by the said Marshal Court.

and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively shall be entered or written at the find or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively

in open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn to in pursuance of Lifts kept by this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Person acting as Clerk of the Peaceof every such County, City, Town, Place or Liberty respectively, in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named, and so as the fame may from time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison or Gaol, is and .are hereby required Ten Days at least before the First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which any Prison or Gaol shall be or to which the same shall belong, to Gx up in some conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison or Gaol, and at the most frequented or usual Gate, Door or Entrance into every such Prison or Gaol, true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter Sessions or at some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Nonpayment of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two thousand .Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, shall, as to his Person and Effects respectively, be forever released, discharged and exonerated, to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and no otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner or Prisoners, to any Justice or Justices of the Peace within Ins or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning leaving with the Justice or Justices of the Peace so petitioned a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his orjier intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition or some Adjournment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keepers or Gaolers of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the Justices at the First or Second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, City,

Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; for.which Copy or Copies of such Cause or Causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, who shall make out and transcribe the fame at least Six Days before the time of his or her Appearance, which Warrant of

every

(Jlerk of the Peace, and examined gratis*

Copie* of Lifts fixed up in Prison*, before Delivery t* Session*.

Prisoner* fer what Sum discharged.

Justices may, on Prisoner* delivering Schedules, issue Warrants to bring them to Quarter Session*.

1094 c. 163.

52° GEORGII in.

A.D. 1812.

every such Justice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the passing of this Act and the next General

Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, which would be the means of detaining in Prison a Number Special Seflkm.«of Persons who with their Families are in the greatest Distress; Be it further enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after passing this Act, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper.

ScWedules to re-

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule which shall be left or delivered in as 'plh C'crlc aforesaid shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as t e eace. clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected from time to time as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall delire to inspect the same.

Debtors intend-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor or Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part in5 10apply for of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under thit Discharge to give Act, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in Three several Dublin Gazettes, previous to such General Saieae*1 or Quarter Session or General Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made;

and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of Dublin or the County of Dublin, or shall have moved himself by Habeas Corpus from one Gaol to another, then also in some Newspaper in or near the County, City, Town or Liberty, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be or have been so in Custody, containing the Name,

Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison wherein he, she or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respectively, to be the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of publishing each of such Notices; for the inferring each <rf the said Notices in the Dublin Gazette, or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four pence and no more; the First of which said Notices shall be so inCerted in the said Gazettes respectively, and in the said other NewspapofS, as the case may require, Twenty one Days at the lead, and the last of the said Notices Six Days at the least, before any such First or Second General Quarter Session

or General Session or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution or on Mesne Process or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

IX. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the Matters and Things contained in the .Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it Debtors to de- further enacted, That every such Debtor where he or she shall, according to the Directions of this Act, publish liv«r Schedules i# the First Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall in such Notice declare that the toafirftVc^lce0l, Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to in.manner as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy, as the case may be, before he shall pilblish such First Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian and Surname, to be attested by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver One such Schedule to such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prior to such his First Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due Proof made of such Neglect to the Satisfaction of the Court to which such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor, with an Acknowledgement of his having received the Original, and be is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose in Writing, ulch Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within Three Days after Demand made.

Jfcnjn of Notice. X. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor in manner directed by this Act, shall be to the Effect following; that is to say,

1 J Cinfert the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and Two last Places of Abode^ if so many ! now con-

fined in \jnfert Name of Prison and County and not being charged in Custody on the Fifth Day cf

Jane One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding

in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, do hereby give this public Notice, that I intend to take the

Benefit of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for tbs

Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, and I do hereby give Notice, that a true and perfect Schedule,

containing the Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate nereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the Keeper or Gaoler, or his Deputy of the said Prifoa.'

And every such Notice shall be signed by the Debtor, and countersigned by the Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid not being charged as aforesaid 00 the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Mooq, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, who shall apply to the General or

8 Quarter

Debtors proving Notices giveu shall in open Court deliver in

A.D. 18r 2.

52° GEORGII IIf.

C. 163.

Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by producing the said Three Gazettes and Newspapers respectively before mentioned, to the said Justices at any such Session or the Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were inserted in the Dublin Gazettes and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid; and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve in the Prison or Gaol in which his, her or their Name or Names is or are specified in the Lift delivered in at such First or Second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or Prisons as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and shall m open Court at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, and of any other nature and kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, or which he, she or they, of such Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage at any time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Names of his or her several Debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with, and the several Sums of Money from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became due and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names, and Places of Abode of the several jWitnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts (if there be any such), and shall also make Oath and swear to the following. Effect, according to the special Circumstances, lo far as the same shall be consistent with the Provisions herein after contained; that is to say,

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protest &nd declare, That on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, I was really and truly a Prisoner in theadual Custody of in the Prison or Gaol of^at the Suit of

without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever, and that I have ever since my Commitment continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the actual Custody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever 5 and that the Schedule now

delivered by me and subscribed doth contain to the best of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Discovery of all the Goods, Effects and Estates, Real and Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, and of every other nature and kind whatsoever, which for any Person in Trust for me or for my Benefit or Advantage are seized or possessed of, interested in or entitled to, or was or were in my Possession, Custody or Power, or in the Possession, Custody or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or such Person had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage at any time since my Commitment to Prison, and of all Debts to me owing, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and of all the Securities and Contrails whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or Advantage may accrue to me or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for me, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnessis that can prove such Debts or Contracts \if any such there fl*], and that neither I, nor any Person or Persons in Trust for me or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock or any Estate Real or Personal, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, or of any nature or kind soever, or Power of disposing of or charging for any Benefit or Advantage other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools and the ncctflary Implements for my Occupation and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and theft* in the Whole.net exceeding the Value of Thirty Pounds; and that I have not nor any Person for me hath directly or indirectly fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trust, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debt6, Securities, Contracts or Estates, Real or Personal, whereby to secure the fame, or to receive or expect any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any Creditor or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any wise howsoever. So help me GOD.'

'And the said Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Debtor subscribed in the Presence of the Justices in open Session of the Peace as hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtors, who shall desire or may have Occasion to resort thereto, and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty at season-able times in the Daytime to peruse and examine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions at any such General Quarter Sessions or General Session or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Marshal of the Four Courts Marshalsea or his Deputy, or any other Under Officer, Tipstaff and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, and any other Person within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them and to examine them respectively on Oath, touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prescribed by this Act to be taken and the Truths thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court .by any Debtor or Debtors, shall not be disproved by good Testimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath; and such Justices, or the major Part of them, present at any such General Quarter Session or General Session or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtor, then such Justices shall in such Session or some Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall

order

1095.

Schedules, and take Oath.

Oath,

Schedule and Oath subscribed by Debtors.

Court at Request of Creditor, may examine Gaolers on Oath.

10961 C.i 63.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Estates, Sec. of Debtor discharged vested In Cleric of the Peace to be assigned to I'uch Creditors as Court Gull direct in Trull.

Assignees to get in Debtor's Etfefls,

and to make Dividends.

NV ire of nuking Dividends given.

Aflknees or Heii s uot delivering over Effects, or Balance art died.

Creditors for Annuities payable at; uture time to receive

order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Pruoners; and every such Order shall be sufficient Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper Or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted again (I him or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trull of such Debtor, of, in and unto all the Real Ellate, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts and Effects of every such Debtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be and the fame is hereby vested in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer a£ing as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, City, Town Corporate, Liberty or Place where any Debtor mall be respectively discharged; and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignemnt and Conveyance of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and dire<Sl, which Alignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on Parchment or Paper damped, to vest the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed* his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Estate and Interest the Debtor had therein; and every such Assignemnt and Conveyance shall be in Trull for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the fame ftaR be made, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, in respect of or in Proportion to their respective Debts; and every Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fuHy empowered to sue from time to time, as there may be- Otcasion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery and attaining any Estate or Effects of any such Debtor, tad alia to execute any Trail or Power vested in or created for the Use or B*enefit ef any such Debtor, but in Trull for the Benefit of him or them and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such. Dflcharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be rvquifee; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall with aH convenient Speed, after his or their accepting such Assign* ment or Conveyance, use his and1 their bell Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of turf such Debtor, and shall with all convenient Speed make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor vested in facn Assignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall be interested m or entitled to any Real Estate^ either in Poll'ession, Reversion or Expectancy, the fame, within the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance, shall be sold by Pubnck Audiorr, in such manner and at such Pfece as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor who shall assembte together on airy Notice in Writing published in the Dwilk GazettCf or in some Daily Paper printed and published at DuMm, and if effewhere, the H in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor dwelled before he or she was committed to Prison Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his Hand or their Hands agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months at farthefh from the time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a far and just Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and Effects which shall have been then recovered amongst hit or her Creditors, in Proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; but before any such Dividend dial be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath ia Writing before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in which any such Debtor shall have been discharged, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and tint al Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid 5 and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like manner a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore dheded to be published. Thirty Days at least before the same shall be made; and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his Debt by Oath or due Proof in Writing before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Faimefs of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fiune, at the Request of any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, City, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act, at the next General Quarter Session, or some Adjournment thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any deceased Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part of such Estate or Effe&a, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Estate or Effe6U found to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Perfout shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Act, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contraty.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtde of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Indemnity of otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants or other Securities of any nature

whatsoete

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 163.

whatsoever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditor^ and may and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force, if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the fame would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

XVI. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arise to any Creditor or Creditors, from any Neglect or Omission in the Schedule not containing the whole of the Estate Real or Personal belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this Act, be it enacted, That all the Estates, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she or they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule though not inserted therein; and shall in like manner become vetted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Consideration, shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Estate of such Debtor, unless the Person holding such Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General Quarter Session or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the fame bona Jide and for good or valuable Consideration.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the Estate, Right, Title, Interest or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors shall have vetted by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever under the Provisions of this Act.

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor or Debtors' Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at lead Ten Days before such Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Residence of such Debtor or Debtors for that Purpose.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors, or any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate or Effects comprised in or charged or affected by such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens respectively, nor to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtors, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Estates of such Debtor or Debtors; and also where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment, before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of any such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment, who have been preferred to others, Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor or Debtors respectively if this Act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act are seised and

possessed of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of their natural

Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, referring small Rents on such Estates for One,

Two or Three Lives in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or Personal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for their own Advantage,

and which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtors* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all such other Powers as aforesaid over Real or Personal Estate, which are or shall be vetted in any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vetted in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to which any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who shalloppose his or her Discharge, administer and give to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the Effect following j that is to say.

J do swear, That was really and truly a Prisoner in my

Custody in the Prison of or in Custody in some other Prison [nx the case may

be] to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his Tor, her] Commitment or Detainer

(2 G*q. III. 7 B 4 now

1097

Dividends as dn-der Commission of Bankruptcyi

Estates of Debtors not inserted i» Schedule*veiled in Clerk of the Peace.

Holders of Securities without Consideration not entitled t# Benefit.

Estates to veil i* Clerk of the Peace fox time being.

No Suit in Law or Equity without Consent of Majority of CMitors.

Mortgages to take place of Claims of an inferior nature.

Power of leafing Lands, lec. veiled in Assigneta.

Gaoler on Re-quell of Creditor I'worn.

Oath.

IP Period delivering in Lift was not Gaoler n 5th June 71812, to take folio ving Oath*

t)ath.

Debtors discharged.not liable to be .imprisoned for Debts prior 105th June

i8i».

Prisonersnot discharged of Debts subsequent to 5th June 1812.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be pleaded generally by Prisoners.

C. 163. 52° GEORGII IIf. A.D. 1811.

now by me brought, with the Body of the said and produced to the said

Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person whatsoever, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief,

So help me GOD.

And if any Person who was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or since, shall not happen to be the Keeper or Gaoler or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer arid give to the respective Person or Persons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler, of any such Prison or Gaol, and deliver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, an Oath touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect following; that is to lay,

T do swear, That I have examined the Commitments or Books kept of or

concerning the Commitments of Prisoners to the Prison of and that I do verily believe

that the said Commitments or Books of Commitment are really true and not /iftitious, nor calculated for

this Purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, really and truly a Prisoner in the act ual Custody of the then Keeper or Gaoler, or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison or Gaol, [or, other Prison, et 1 the case may be] without Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person or Persons to my Knowledge and Belief.

'So help me GOD.*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Persons entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall at any time hereafter be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Non-payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non-payment of Money, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money coo-trafted, incurred, occasionea, owing or growing due before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process lfliied, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon /hewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs he, she or they shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do ou such Prisoners causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him on every such Action or Suit.

XXIV. And whereas under former Acts of this kind, Doubts have arisen what was to be done with such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts as well ' previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts to remedy which, be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subsequent to the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and if it shall appear to the Justices at any Session or Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as well with Debts previous to as subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, that in such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts incurred previous to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts which he or she stands charged with in his Custody incurred subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

[Treble Costs.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action of Escape, of any Suit or Action be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, for performing their Office ia pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General I flue, and give this Act in Evidence, and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias or Action of Debt or upon Judgment shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison or in fame other Prison at such a Person's Suit, on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Session or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Liberty, City, Town or Place (as his, or her or their case is} without pleading any Matter fjpecially; and m case any other Suit or Action shall be commenced against him, her or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to plead in discharge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case shall happen) was contrafted or due before the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may {hew the said De-

iq feadiM

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 163. 1099

fbndant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the fame

manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue hit Action, or Verdict past a gain ft

[Treble Costs.]

him or Judgment or Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Costs: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor Act not toe x-

or any other Person or Persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or ^rvams

they shall stand charged for any Money or other Effects recovered and received by him or them, for the Use embezzling"

of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politic, and by any Attprney; Solicitor or other Person or Money;

Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their own Use, or to release or discharge

any Servant or Agent, or any other Person or Persons employed or entrusted as such with regard to any

Debt or Demand with which he, she or they shall stand charged for or on account of any Money, Goods or

other Effects received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Use and on account of his, her or their Master or Masters, or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas many evil disposed Persons, to support their profligate way of Life, have by*various subtile Stratagems, Threats and Devices, fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money, to the great Injury of industrious Families, and to the manifest Prejudice of Trade and Credit Be it enacted, That no ?Jjfon5

Prisoner who, knowingly and designedly by false Pretence or Pretences, shall have obtained from any Person on false Pre-"* or Persons, Monies, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Secu- tences; rities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoners shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand uich Prisoners to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she shall have been brought 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no Prisoner who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Act here- Nor to Prisoners tofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securi- remanded to Pri-ties for Money on false Pretences, or for having secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects, son UI^r , fnfo1' which were subject or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such fraudulently ok-former Act, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment, since his or her Impri- taining Money, fbnment, to the Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, or who shall have obtained a Discharge under such &c. former Act fraudulently, or shall have taken an Oath under such Act, any Part of which was not true, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but the Justices at any General or other Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, before whom any such Prisoner shall be brought, upon due Proof of the Matter made to their Satisfaction, shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison, from which he or she shall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Person charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Nor to Persons Action for Criminal Conversation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in any Action for seducing ^ution foi°C^Xe" or carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Action for a malicious Prose- recovered cution, or in any Action for any other malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Act, except only in cases in Aaion for where the Plaintiff in such Actions respectively shall be dead, and no Person shall have obtained Probate of the Criminal Con-Will or Letters of Administration of toe Effects of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months after the Decease of veriktiou, &c« such Plaintiff.

XXIX. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Land, Messuages, Houses and other Premisea have,

with fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, Cattle,

Furniture, Goods or other Effects which were subject and liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the said Rents Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners who in a secret, clandestine or fraudu- Nor to Persons lent manner, shall have removed or caused to be removed within Six Years any such Sto^k, Cattle, Furniture, removing Effects Goods or Effects of the Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be distrained by Value of 20U their respective Landlord or Landlords, for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or ^jing^forRent. Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act, but shall, on due Proof of the Matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided such Proof shall be thereof made as is hereinbefore required upon Objections or Exceptions to be made under this present Act.

XXX. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned their Estate and Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being in Custody of Law or imprisoned under some Process for Debt: And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment hath been fraudulently made to the infinite Prejudice of the fair and honest Creditor, though sufficient Proof could not be obtained to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design; Be it enacted, That Nor to Pedant whenever it shall be proved by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to the Satisfaction of the Court to £ell, nS which any Prisoner shall be brought up in order to obtain his or her Discharge, that such Prisoner has fold, Creditors!* transferred, conveyed or assigned to any Person or Persons all or any Part of his Estate or Effects subsequent rC 1 ° to the time of his Imprisonment without just Cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such Court as aforesaid, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this Act, and shall not be entitled to his or her Discharge, and every such £ale. Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment is hereby declared null and void.

7 B a XXXI. And

1IOO

Debtors refuting to discover Trade, See, of Person at whose Suit detained, excluded Benefit of Ad.

Prisoners in Custody for Prison Fees discharged.

Prisoners in Custody for Contempt of Court, See. discharged.

Act not to extend to Debtors of Crown or Offenders.

Determination of Justices final, unless Debtor gets rid of Objections to Discharge.

Efbtet of which Prisoners seised in Tail delivered up to Creditors.

C. 163. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 181j.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor being thereunto required by any Creditors, shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation, and Habitation or last Place of Abode of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is or was detained or charged in Custody, or if any Prisoner being called for, and desired by any Creditor or Creditors to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, shall refuse to come, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary, every such Debtor, upon Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others who were in Prison on or before the Fifth Day of June One thousand «ght hundred and twelve, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain for not paying their Fees, Rent or other Demands due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively, or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by Prisoners.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons committed by auy Courts of Law or Equity for Contempt in not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, or for not paying of Costs duly and regularly ordered to be taxed ana allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose, or upon any Writ of Emcommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for or grounded on the Non Payment of Money, Costs or Expences in any Cause or Proceedings in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of such Court relating thereto, and who were in Custody on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twehre, and have ever since continued, and now are in Custody for the fame, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Provisions of this Act, subject to the fame Terms, Conditions and Restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be conftroed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Cul-toms, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall certify their Consent under their Hands to the said Justices at their said Sessions or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XXXV. And whereas under former Acts, Creditors have been put to great Expeace and Trouble is attending every Session and Adjournment during the whole Continuance o? this Act, to oppose the Discharge of Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, having been

before one Session and refused a Discharge, to harass their Creditors, constantly gave fresh Notices for each

subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless otherwise ordered and commanded by His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, by His Majesty's Writ of Mandamus to be issued forth of the said Court, unless the Debtor shall, during the Continuance of this Act, get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge 5 and that the fame may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to state the Objections why such Debtor's Discharge is refused by thorn 5 and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices at some one subsequent Session or Adjourned Session, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been so remanded, upon Application from such Debtor, and due Proof on Oath made to them by Two or more credible Witnessea (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) of such Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at least Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the Dublin Ga % ette in manner before directed by this Act, to order such Debtor to be once more, but only one time more, brought before them, and if no other Objection or Objections shall then be made to the Discharge of such Debtor by any Creditor or Creditors, or being made, the same shall be over-ruled by the Justices then present, and they shall then be of Opinion the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

XXXVI. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expedant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Act for the Benefit of their Creditors Be it therefore further enacted, That in every such case, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who Hall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law, he deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditao^enta in Fee, and the same shall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner, in the fame

11 mmDcr

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 163.

1101

manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Tran factions, whereby they may be entitled to sundry

and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemption of Estates, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, or to Re-

versions, Remainders or other contingent Estates, Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or Interests in Estates both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as

aforesaid, or which may want his Aid and Assistance to adjust, make out, recover or manage, for the Be-

nefit of his Creditors; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful iffo^fanher to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain his, Examination of her or their Discharge in punuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for Debtors to Two that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Justice*.

City, Town, Place or Liberty, where such Debtor or Debtors shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her'or their Estate or Effects, whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them such Debtor or Debtors, by such Warrant,

Summons, Ways or Means, as they shall think fit, and upon such Debtors appearing shall examine him, her or them,

as well upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignees shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not

having a lawful Excuse to be made known to such Justices and by them allowed, or being come before them

shall refuse to be sworn or to answer to all such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him or them

relating to the Discovery of his, her or their Estate or Effects so vested or intended to be vested in such* Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of such Assignee as aforesaid, then it

shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such

Debtor or Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to Imprisonment.

remain without Bail or Mainprize until such time as he, she or they shall submit him, her or themselves to such

Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as mail by such Justices be put to him, her or them, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtor or Fraudulent Dif-Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part fhargei void, of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then and in every such case every such Discharge mail be

void and of none Effect.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter for any Assignee or Assigneei with

Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors who shall be chosen in pursuance of this Act, by Consent of Ma. and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be U°

present at a Meeting, to be had on Twenty one Days* Notice being previously given for the Puroofe hereafter may compand mentioned, if in Custody at Dublin or in the County of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette y and it in any other -

Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compositions to any Person or Persons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and also to submit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons for or on account or by reason or means of any Matter, Caule or Thing relating to the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, or to any Debt or Debts due or claimed to be due to or from such Debtor or Debtors, to the final End and Determina* tion of Arbitrators to be chosen by the said Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part in Value of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom they shall have such Difference, and to perform the Award of such Arbitrators, or of any Umpire to be cholen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference and Dispute between them, in such manner as the said Assignee or Assignees with such Consent as aforesaid shall think fit and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

XL. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects of any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees chose pursuant to the Direction of the several Acts, at the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs,

Executors, Administrators and Assigns refuse to ad or meddle therein to remedy which, be it enacted, ._

That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to chuse a new Assignee or Assignees in manner and Form as hereinbefore is directed, and to obtain a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace or his deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as a Clerk of the Peace pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal of his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to ad or meddle therein) and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby empowered to obey the fame, and execute such Assignment accordingly, in manner and Form, as if

no

Debts and Tub. mit Disputes to Arbitration.

1102

C. I63.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

no former Assignment had evdr been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace or his Depots Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pains and Penalties as are iafli&ed on them or any of them, by this Act, for Disobedience in any Part thereof or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns shall refuse to act, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are* given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power in a Summary way to oblige their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignees to account and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act. XLI. And, to the

movo Assignees.

Where mutual Credit given. Balance ft a ted.

Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Courts on Com- Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective plaint may re- Courts at Dublin, and the Courts of limited Jurisdiction in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer in Ireland, or any One of them, from time to time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficiency, Fraud, Mismanagement or other Misbehaviour of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any such Debtor or Debtors, to Summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal or displacing such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place or Stead of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed or difpbced, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think fit;

and in case of the Removal or displacing of any Assignee or Assignees, and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be di veiled out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed or displaced, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same manner and for the fame Intents and Purposes as the fame were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen as aforesaid; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where mutual Credit hath been givea between any Debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act, and any other Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtor or Debtors is and are hereby authorized and required, on his and their Parts, to date and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned, and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as the Estate or Effects of such Debtor or Debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly stated.

XLIII. And whereas many Persons are often committed by the Courts of Law and Equity for C01-

tempts for not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of Coils duly and

regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose, and also

upon the Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo or other Process, for or grounded on the Non Payment of Money,

Colls or Expences, in some Cause or proceeding in some Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt to such Courtrelating thereto/ it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be entitled to the

Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the fame Terms, Conditions and Restrictions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

XLIV. And whereas#a great Number of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt upoa Processes issuing out of Courts of Confidence/ it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, she or they conform to the Directions hereinbefore prescribed touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of insolvent Debtors within the Space of Five Years lad past, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof so as to be discharged under the fame 5 any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever the insolvent, upon his releasing any Interest he or she may have in the Residuurn of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a good and sufficient Witness in any Action or cause to be instituted by his or her Assignee or Assignees, for the Recovery of any Debts due to the said insolvent, in the same manner as a Bankrupt may after obtaining his Cer-ficate.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of hkor her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtue of this Act from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved under such Commission, unlefa such Coauniffion shall have issued) and such Bankrupt frail have duly surrendered himself or

herself

Persons not paying Monies awarded, Coils, See. entitled to Benefit of Act. Persons imprisoned by Courts of Conscience entitled to Benefit of Act. Having taken Benefit of Insolvent Act within Five Years not entitled to Relief.

insolvent on releasing I ntereflin Residue of Estate, good Witness.

Bankrupts how far availed by Act.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 163. 1103

herself to the Commissioners or the major Part of them named in the said Commission, Two Years at the

lead before the passing of this Act, and shall in all things have duly conformed himself or herself to the several

Statutes concerning Bankrupts, and unless the major Part of the Commissioners named in such Commission

shall specially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt hat

so duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Disclosure of all his or her Estate or Effects,

and in all things condu&ed himself or herself properly under such Commission; and in all such cases such

Bankrupt shall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debts which cannot be proved under such

Commission, in the same manner and upon the fame Terms as any other Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be discharged as to Personal Arrest, for Debt in respect of all Debts proved

or capable of being proved under such Commission\ but nevertheless such Bankrupt and his or her Effects shall in all other reipeds whatsoever remain subject to the Laws in force concerning Bankrupts, as he or she

would have been it this Act had not been made: Provided always, that in the Notices to be given by such Notices of Bank-

Bankrupt and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provisions of this Act, such Bankrupt how

shall be described as a Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt has issued and is Hill in force, and who lat, d#

has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed 5

and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of his or her Estate and Effects, shall

swear that he or she has made a full Dilclosure of his or her Effects under the said Commission, and that he or

(he has no Estate or Effects which can be veiled in an Assignee under this Act, all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt being vested in the Assignee or Assignees under such Commission, by virtue of such Commission,

and the Assignment made in pursuance thereof: Provided always, that in case such Commission shall at any Jvhen Commis-

time thereafter be superseded, then and in such case, the Discharge which shall be obtained by virtue of this Dikhar^void1

Ad, shall be null and void. 1 C arfie V01

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Lord Chief Justice of the Chief Justice of Court of Kiag'8 Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron K. B. &c. to ap-of the Court of Exchequer respectively, to nominate and appoint a Barrister, and each of them is hereby Barrister to required so to do, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration Applications in cases of Imprisonment where im^rifonment of the Debt shall amount to a Sum exceeding Two thousand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the fame, yvherc Debt ex-according to the Provisions of this Act, under the Authority of Rules to be made by the said superior Courts, ceeds a, ooooL where it shall appear to them to be just and fitting.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General Quarter Session or General Session At requell of of the Peace or any Adjourned Session of the Peace are hereby authorized, at the request of any Creditor Creditors Gaol-of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons ^h^sessions who was or were Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison or Gaol within their respective t0uChing Com"*Jurisdictions on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or at any other time, and mitments. examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keepvr or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such Session or Adjourned Session shall think fit; and if any such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, shall refuse or neglect to attend or Disobeying Or-being convened as aforesaid, or attending shall refuse to make Answer and Discovery on the Premises as shall ders of Justices. be reasonably required, at such Session or Adjourned Session, he or they so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall sue for and recover Penalty, the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin by Action of Debt.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, or his or their Deputy or Gaoler and Prin-Deputies, shall without just Cause, to be approved by the Justices at some General Quarter Session or General ter Gazette or Session of the Peace or some Adjourned Session of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or C0^iyaJ, grJi^ delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session or General Regulations of Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Ad.

Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse, or designedly omit to insert in any such Lift as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or deliver such Lifts as aforesaid, or to take any of the Oaths before mentioned and by this Act required to be taken by him, or to conform to the Directions hereby given him in respect to the Schedules intended to be delivered in by any such Prisoner or Prisoners; or shall detain any such Prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid 5 or if the Printer of the Dublin Gazette or other Newspaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notice by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Request made to him for that Purpose, every such Keeper or Gaoler, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid for every such Offence shall respectively forfeit and pay to such Prisoner in every such case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which Penalty, shall and may be recovered with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protcdion or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison Perjury* shall, in taking any of the Oaths aforementioned, forswear and perjure himself, and shall be thereof lawfully conrvided, such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, shall (over and above the Penalties to be in-fiided on Persons convicted of Penury } upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall sue for the fame; and the fame when recovered shall be applied One Moiety to such

Creditor

1104

Gaoler making false Entries.

[Penalty.]

Gaolers not permitting Prisoners to be spoken with, rr Entry in Books of Pri-lon to be seen.

[Penalty.]

Clerk of the Peace not giving Copies of Adjudication of Discharges.

[Penalty.]

Perjury.

Affirmation of Quakers taken.

Perjury.

C.i 63, 164. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Creditor or Creditors firing for the fame, and the other Moiety towards Satisfaction of the Debts of such Prisoner or Prisoners.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, shall make or cause to be made any false Entry or Entries in any Book belonging to any Prison under hit Care, or shall prepare to keep or cause to be kept any false Book or Books in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall knowingly and wilfully produce and shew any Book wherein any false or untrue Entry or Entries have or hath been made as and for a Book containing true and genuine Entries, or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who were or was not in actual Custody as aforesaid, (except as in the Oath of any such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall be excepted) every such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall for every such Fraud, over and above the Penalties which he shall be liable for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be injured by any such Fraud, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall and he is hereby required to suffer any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to fee and speak with, in the Day-time, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, in tome convenient Room or Place in the said Prison, any Prisoner or Prisoners whose Names are inserted in the before mentioned List or Lists, or the Dublin Gazette, or other Newspapers, in manner aforesaid, and also to fee in the true and genuine Book or Books of the said Prison the Entry and Entries made of the Name and Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Names or Name of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he, she or they are detained; and if any such Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper, shall refuse or neglect so to do, every such Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper so offending, shall forfeit and pay to the Person so refused and aggrieved the Sum of Forty Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of rfis Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give any such Prisoner adjudged to be entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order of such Adjudication, on being paid for the same the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or shall demand or take more for the fame than the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or shall take more than Five Shillings for an Affigo-ment or Conveyance of any Prisoner's Estate or Effects, every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and be convicted thereof at any such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Justicesat such Session or Adjourned Session are hereby authorized and empowered to order and cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner who shall come or be brought up at any General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, under the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully forswear or perjure himself or herself in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and moreover shall not be entitled to any Benefit, Privilege or Advantage under this Act 5 any thing in the same to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required to be taken, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker shall and may be taken and accepted in lieu thereof; and that every Person who shall, in making such solemn Affirmation, knowingly and wilfully affirm what is false and untrue, and shall be thereof convicted, shall incur and be liable to such and the fame Punishment, Penalties and Disabilities as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury by Law are liable to and incur, and shall further and moreover incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury in like cases.

CAP. CLXIV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

[29th July 1812.]

Treasury to cause Exchequer Bills for 3, 000, 0001. to be made out in mannerdireded by 48 G. 3. c.i. — f 1, 2. " Exchequer Bills chargeable on the First Supplies. $3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding " 3\d. per Cent. per Diem. $ 4. Exchequer Bills to be taken in Payment at the Exchequer after April 5, n 1813. §f. Bank may advance 3, ©00, ooool. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. u c. 20. — $6. 200, ooool. out of the Supplies granted for Ireland. §7.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III. C. 165. no5

CAP. CLXV.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

[30th July it 12.]

WHEREAS it may be convenient in the present crowded State of the Prisons and Gaols in England and Wales, that some of the Prisoners confined therein, truly surrendering their Effedsto their Creditors,

should be liberated, and enabled to pursue their different Professions and Occupations Be it therefore enacted by the Kings Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Gaoler* to make

from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison in any County, Riding, outLUUof Pn-

Division, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England or Wales, shall and is and are hereby required to make ^j^ne ?i8xi

a true, exact and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who

upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve was or were, or have since continued to

be under the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such Lift shall be

really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of such Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of any

Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, Sum or Sums

of Money, or Contempt for Non-payment of Money; and an Account of the Time when such Prisoner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody or received in Prison, together with the Name or Names

of the Person or Persons at whole Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or are detained, together

with the Amount of such Debts as the said Prisoner or Prisoners are detained for; and shall deliver the fame

to the Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace,

to be held after the passing of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, City,

Division, Town, Place or Liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of the Gaoler* to take King's Bench Prison, and every other Keeper ana Gaoler of any other Prison in any Place or Liberty in Eng- 9*4* on deliver-land or Wales, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners in their respective Custody, in*in

take an Oath in the open Court of such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; that is to lay,

J A.B., upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence cf Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess and

declare, That all and every Person and Persons whole Name or Names is or are inserted and contained

in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was or were, to the best of my Know- 1

ledge and Belief, upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, really and truly

Prisoners in actual Custody in the Prison of \insert the Name of the Prison] at the Suit or Suits of the Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Second Part of the said Lift, now' by me delivered in and

subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, been

committed or surrendered to the said Prison of [insert the Name of the Prison J at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and that the Person or Persons whose Name or ' Names is or are therein contained, was or were, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and truly

Prisoners in actual Custody on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, as appears by the Returns made to me on his and their respective Commitments. So help me GOD.

Which the said Justices, at their First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace Oath administer-

aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and ed in

required to administer in open Court; and the Words of toe said Oath hereinbefore directed to be taken Court, by the said Warden and Marshal respectively, and other Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the End or Bottom of the Lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open Court; and every such Lift which shall be so delivered in, subscribed and sworn to in pursuance of this Act, shall be kept by the Clerk of the Peace, a

Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of every such County, City, Town, Place or gratis?

Liberty respectively in which any such Lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better Satisfaction of the said Justices, and Information of all or any Prisoner or Prisoners therein named, and so as the fame may from time to time be seen and examined by any Creditor or Creditors, or Prisoner or Prisoners, without Fee or Reward.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Keeper or Gaoler, Keepers or Gaolers of any CopyofLift*

such Prison or Gaol is and are hereby required, Ten Days at lealt before the First or Second General Quarter r,fd «Pin Session or General Session of the Peace shall be held after the passing of this Act, for the County, City, Town, b^orc

Place or Liberty in which any Prison or Gaol shall be, or to which the lame shall belong, to fix up in some sessionl^° conspicuous Place or Places in every such Prison or Gaol, and at the most frequented or usual Gate, Door

or Entrance into every such Prison or Gaol, true Copies of the List or Lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such Keeper or Gaoler at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, or at some Adjournment thereof. f

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who on the said Fifth Day of June Prisoners fur

One thousand eight hundred and twelve were charged in any Prison or Gaol for the Non-payment of any Debt not ex-Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, which did not in the Whole amount to a greater Sum than Two ^e?!'Ilg thousand Pounds, and whose Name or Names shall be inserted in any such Lift to be delivered in as* '

aforesaid, taking the Oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall perform on his or her Part what is

52 Geo. III. 7 C'required

ii p6

Chief Justice of K. B. Stc. to appoint BarriQer to consider cases of Imprisonment where Debt exceeds a, ooooL

Further Exten-Con of Relief in cases whe/e Prisoners have been in Cnltody Five oc Ten Years.

Justices may, on Prisonersdeliver-ing Schedules, issue Warrants to bring them to Quarter or Ge- ' neral Sessions.

Special Session.

Schedules transmitted to Clerk of the Peace.

Debtors intending to apply for Discharge, to give Notice in Gazette, See.

C. 165.' 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

required to be done by bim or her by this Act, shall a3 to his Person and Effects respectively be for ever released, discharged and exonerated, to such Extent and in such manner as is herein after provided, and no otherwise.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer respectively, to nominate and appoint a Barrister, and each of them is hereby required so to do, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration Applications in Cases of Imprisonment where the Debt shall amount to a Sum exceeding Two thousand Pounds, and of granting Relief in the fame according to the Provisions of this Act, under the Authority of Rules to be made in the said Superior Courts, or by a Judge's Order at Chambers, where it shall appear to them to be iuft and fitting.

VI. And whereas many honest out unfortunate Persons whose Debts exdeed the Sum of Two thousand

Pounds, although willing to surrender their Effects for the Benefit of their Creditors, have been confined

in Gaol many Years, ana but for the Interposition of the Legifla^ure will be doomed to perpetual Impri-

fonment Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Person or Persons who on the said Fifth Day of Julie One thousand eight hundred and twelve was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and who shall have been confined in any Gaol or Gaols of the United Kingdom of Great Britain for the Space of Five Years for such or any other Debt or Debts, and all and every Person or Persons who on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve was or were charged in Execution with any Debt or Debts to any Amount, and who shall have been confined in any Gaol or Gaols of the United Kingdom of Great Britain for such or any other Debt or Debts for the Space of Ten Years, shall on taking the Oath hereby dinefted to be taken by other Debtors claiming their Discharge under this Act, and in all other respects performing on his or her Part what is required to be done by him or her by this Act, be respectively discharged, released and exooe-rated, as to his Person and Effects, to such Exteut and in such manner as is herein after provided, and not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty within England and Wales> upon the Petition of auy such Prisoner or Prisoners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with the justice or Justices so petitioning, a true Copy of the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session of the IJeace, or some Adjournment thereof next ensuing after every such Petition, (and at the Foot of which said Schedule the Gaoler or other proper Officer shall set forth and sign the Amount of the Debt or Debts with which such Prisoner was charged on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve) by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff or Sheriffs, K eepera.qr Gaolers of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring before the* justices at the First or Second next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as the case shall happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Warrant, for such respectiveJCounty, City, Town, Place or Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or Warrants of his or her Detainers, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes which he, she or they is or are charged with in any Prison or Gaol aforesaid at the time aforesaid; for which Copy or Copies of such Cause or Causes such Prisoner shall apply to the said Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison, or to the Clerk of the Papers, or other proper Officer or Person, who shall make out and transcribe the fame, at lead Six Days before the time of his or ner Appearance; which Warrant of every such Justice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Keeper or Gaoler, is and ire hereby commanded to obey.

f VIII. And whereas considerable time may intervene between the passing of this Act and the next General t Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, which would be the means of detaining in Prison a Number of Persons who with their Families are in the greatest Distress 5' Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Town, Place or Liberty, Upon Petition from Debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective Courts as soon as may be after passing this Act, for the Purpose of administering the Oaths and other the Matters required by this Act, and to appoint such Day or Days for the Discharge of Prisoners as they shall see proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Copy of every such Schedule, which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the.Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty in which the same shall have been so rest, there to remain and be inspected from time to time as Occasion shall require, by any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Debtor and Debtors confined in any Gaol of that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wales, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and exonerated under this Act, shall first cause public Notice to be inserted in Three several London Ga % ettesf previous to such General or Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace or Adjournment thereof, at which such Application shall be made; and if such Debtor shall be in Custody in any such Gaol, out of London or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or shall have been moved by Habeas Corpus from any such Gaol out of London, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place, in the Gaol whefreof he or she shall be or have been so in Custody, containing the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last Places of Abode (if so

5 many)

A.D. 1812. 5?* GEORGII III. C. 165.

many) of every such Debtor and Debtors, and the Prison whereiq hie, f|ie or they is or are confined, and of his, her or their Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in such Gazette or Newspaper respectively to be the First, Second or Third Notice, according to the time of publishing each of such Notices; and for the inserting each of the said Notices in the London Ga % ettet or in any other Newspaper, there shall be paid each time by every Prisoner the Sum of Four pence and no more 5 the First of which said Notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazettes respectively and in the said other Newspapers, as the case may require. Twenty one Days at the least, and the latt of the said Notices Six Days at the least before any such First or Second General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid^ so that as well all the Creditors who have not charged the said Debtor or Debtors in Custody, as those Creditors who have charged such Debtor or Debtors in Execution, or on Mesne Process or otherwise, may have sufficient Notice thereof.

XI. And, to the Intent that all Creditors may have full and fuffleient time to consider the Matters and

Things contained in the Schedule or Schedules intended to be delivered in by any Debtor or Debtors, be it further enacted, That every such Debtor, where he or she shall, according to the Direction? of this Act, publish the First Notice of an Intention to take the Benefit of this Act, he or she shall in such Notice declare that the Schedule containing his or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to in faanner as by this Act is directed, is lodged in the Hands of the Keeper or Gaoler, or the Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of the Prison wherein any such Debtor shall be confined; and every such Debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such Schedule to such Keeper, or Gaoler, or Deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such First Notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian Name and Surname, to be attested by any such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy; and in case any Debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver One such Schedule to such deeper, Gaoler or Deputy, prior to such his First Notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she upon due Proof made of such Neglect or Refusal, to the Satisfaction of the Court to which- such Debtor shall make Application, shall be remanded back to Prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the Directions aforesaid; and every such Keeper, Gaoler or Deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the Signature of the Debtor's Name to such Schedule, and to receive the same into his Custody and Charge, giving a Duplicate thereof to every such Debtor* with an Acknowledgment of his havi'hg received the Original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true Copy of any such Schedule, signed by himself, upon Request made to him by any Creditor for that Purpose in Writing, such Copy to be delivered to the Creditor himself, or to such Person as he shall appoint to receive the same, within Thirty Days afte* Demand made.,

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Notices to be given by every Debtor, in manner direct'*l# Act, shall be to the Effect following; that is to (ay,

T [insert the Name, Trade, Occupation and Description, and the Two last of jfbode, tff*

tnany"] now confined in [insert the Name of the Prison] and not being charged; tl vustody on the rittn

Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or D^Vt8» ^urn ar Sums ot Money«exceeding in the Whole the Sum of [as the case may le, and if claiming»be discharged on account of the Length of Time of Imprisonment, then to set forth the Time] dp herebvj^1^ this £ First, Second or Third J 4 public Notice, that intend to take the Benefit of an Act passed the Fifty second Year of His present« Majesty's Reign, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act. esnd if it he the Jirji Notice, then addT\ And I

do hereby give Not; ce, that a true and perfect Schedule, containing a Discovery of all my Real and Personal Estate hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any Creditor applying for the same to the

Keeper or Gaoler or his Deputy of the said Prison/

And every such Notice shall be .signed by the Debtor, and counterfigued by the Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy of such Keeper or Gaoler of such Prison.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, in the Whole to a greater Amount than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, who shall apply to the General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon Oath, or by predneing the said Three Gazettes and Newspapers respectively before mentioned to the said Justices at any such Session or Adjournment thereof, that such Notices were foferted in the London Gazettes and other Newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid, and that the Person or Persons so applying was or were actually a Prisoner or Prisoners on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve in the Prison or Gaol in which his, her or their Name or Names is or are specified in a List delivered in at such First or Second Session, or any Adjournment thereof, or in some other Prison or Gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and shall in open Court at the said General Quarter Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, subscribe or deliver in a true Schedule or Account of all his or her Real Estate in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and of any other Nature and Kind whatsoever, and also the Whole of his or her Personal Estate which he or she, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage, is or are seised of, interested in or entitled unto, or was or were in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, or which he, she or they, or such Person or Persons had any Power of disposing of, or charging for his, her or their Benefit or Advantage, at any time since his or her Commitment to Prison, with the Name of his or her feverst Debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with, ai\d the several Sums of Nfoney from them respectively owing, and how the fame respectively became due and are secured, and if by Mortgage, Specialty, Contract, Note or other Writing, then the Name and Names and Places of Abode of the several Witnessjei who can

7 C 2 prove

1107

Debtors to deliver Schedules to Gaoler, previous to first Notice.

Form of Notice.

Debtors proving Notices to have been given, iltall in open Court deliver in certain Schedules and take Oath.

uo8

Oak.

Bchedule and Oath subscribed by Debtors.

Court, a* Request of Creditors, may examine Gaolers on Oath.

ffftates, Src of Debtors diu charged, veiled In Clerk of the Peace, who is to assign fame to such Creditors as Court shall direct la Trqft.

C. 165. j2° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

prove such Debts or Contracts; and shall also make Oath and swear to the following? Effect, according to the special circumstances, so far as the same shall be confident with the Provisions herein after contained; that is to say.

I A.B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, protect and declare, 1 that on the Fifth Dav of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, I was really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Cudody of io the rrifon or Gaol of without any Fraud or

Collusion whatsoever; and that I have ever since my Commitment continued a Prisoner within the Prison of in the aduai Cudody of the Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison of

4 [or mentioning fame other Prison^ as the case may be-] or within the Liberties thereof, without any Fraud or Collusion whatsoever; and that the Schedule now delivered by me and subscribed, doth contain, to the bell /of my Knowledge, Remembrance and Belief, a full, just, true and perfect Account and Discovery of all the«Goods and Effects, Estates Real and Personal, in Possession, Reveifion, Remainder or Expedancy, and of, every other Nature and Kind whatsoever, which I or any Person in Trud for me or for my Benefit or Advantage arc feifedor possessed of, intereded in or entitled unto, or was or were in my Possession, Cudody or c Power, or in the Possession, Cudody or Power of any such Person as aforesaid, or which I or such Person, had any Power of disposing of or charging for my Benefit or Advantage, at any time since my Coramitm?ui«to Prison; and of all Debts to me owing or to any Person or Persons in Trud for me, and of all the Seen-, ritics and Contracts whereby any Money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any Benefit or, Advantage may accrue to me or to my Use, or to any Person or Persons in Trud forme, and the Names and t Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts are due and owing, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts or Contracts (if any such there be); and that neither nor any Person or Persons in, Trud for me, or for my Use, have any Lands, Money, Stock, or any Ellate Real or Personal, in Possession,

# Reversion, Remainder or Expedancy, or of any Nature or Kind soever, or Power of disposing of or charg-, ingfor my Benefit or Advantage, other than what are in the said Schedule contained, except Wearing Apparel and Bedding for myself and Family, Working Tools, and the necessary Implements for my Occupa-i tion and Calling, together with a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, and these in the Whole not exceeding the Value of Thirty Pounds; and that I have uot, nor any Person for me, hath directly or iadirectly«fold, lessened or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in Trud, or concealed all or any Part of my Lands, Money, t Goods, Chattels, Stock, Debts, Securities, Contrafts or Edatcs Real or Personal, whereby to secure the

Oyne, or to receive or txpeft any Profit or Advantage therefrom, or with an Intent to defraud or deceive any*or Creditors to whom I am or was indebted in xay wife howsoever. So help me GOD.'

Schedule and Oath shall be by every such Debtor subscribed in the Prefeuce of the Jo fliers in Open hellion of^peace ag hereby directed, and shall be kept by and remain with the Clerk of the Peace, 1 own Clerk or ° /Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the lame shall be luorv.-jbed an(j taken, for the better Information of all the Creditors of such Debtors who mail desire or may have Gc, aston to resort thereto; and every such Creditor shall be at Liberty, at feafop. able times in the Day-time, to peri/A an(j examine the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, 1 t the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictiom at any such General Quarter Sessions or General d^ffion, or Adjournment thereof, at the Request of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Debtor, are hereby authorized to cause the Deputy Warden and Marshal of the Fleet and King's Bench Prison, or any other under Officer, Tipstaff and Turnkey of any Prison or Gaol, or any other Person within their respective Jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on Oath touching any of the Matters contained in any of the Oaths prcCcribed by this Act to be taken, and the Truth thereof; and if the Oath which shall have been taken in open Court Dy any Debtor or Debtors shall not be disproved by good Tedimony of any credible Person or Persons on Oath, and such Justices, or the major Part of them present at any such General Quarter Session or General Session, or any Adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the Truth of the Oath taken by such respective Debtors, then such Justices shall, in such Session or Tome Adjournment thereof, adjudge such Debtor or Debtors to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and shall order the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers of such Prison or Prisons, forthwith to set at Liberty such Prisoner or Prisoners 5 and every such Order shall be a diffident Discharge to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of such Prison or Prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any Elcape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Truli of such Debtor, of, in and unto all the Real Estate as well Freehold and CopyhcHd as Cudomary, and to all the Personal Estate, Debts and Effects of every such Debtor, shall immediately after such Adjudication be, and the fame is hereby veded in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace of and for the County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Division, Liberty or Place where any Debtors shall be respectively discharged 5 and every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting is Clerk of the Peace, is hereby directed and required to make an Assignment and Conveyance of every such Debtor's Estate and Effects, veded in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of flic Peace as aforesaid, to such Creditor or Creditors of the said Debtor, as the Justices at any General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective Jurisdictions, shall order and direct; which Alignment and Conveyance shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without being written on Parchment or Paper damped, to ved the Estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be

so

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. 165. 1109

so assigned and conveyed, his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, according to the Estate and nterest which the Debtor had therein 5 and every such Alignment and Conveyance shall be in Trust for the Benefit of the Creditor or Creditors of every such Debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor in respect of or in Proportion to their respective Debts 5 and every Person or Persons to whom any such Alignment and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue from time to time as there may be Occasion, in his, her or their own Name or Names for the Recovery and obtaining any Estate or Effects of any such Debtor, and also to execute any Trust or Power vetted in or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Debtor, but in Trutt for the Benefit of him or them and the rest of the Creditors of every such Debtor, and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons who shall respectively be indebted to such Debtor as may be requisite; and every such Assignees to get Assignee or Assignees shall with all convenient Speed after his or their accepting such Assignment or Con- in Debtors veyauce, use his and their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor,;

and shall with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estates of such Debtor vetted in such Adignee or Assignees; and if such Debtor shall he interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Possession, Re-vcrlionor Expectancy, the fame within the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance shall be sold by public Auction, in such manner and at such Place as the major Part of the Creditors of any such Debtor, who shall assemble together on any Notice in Writing published in the London Gazette, or in some Daily Paper printed and published in London, if the Debtor before his or her going to Prison resided in London> or within the Bills of Mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some printed Newspaper which shall be published in or near the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor resided before he or she was committed to Prison, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, shall under his or their Hand or Hands agree on; and every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months at the farthest from and to mak* the time of his or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just Dividend*. Dividend of all such Debtor's Estate and Effects which shall have been then recovered amongst his or her Creditors, in proportion and in regard to each Creditor's respective Debt; but before any such Dividend shall be made, such Assignee or Assignees shall make up an Account of such Debtor's Estate, and make Oath in Writing before any One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace, that every such Account contains a fair and just Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Debtor got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof, and that all Payments in every such Account charged, j^otict, of were truly and bona fide made and paid; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in oividenda

likp manner as a Meeting of the Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, Thirty Days at lead before given, the same shall be made, and no Creditor shall be allowed to receive any Share of such Dividend, until he shall have made out the Justness and Identity of his Debt, by Oath, or due Proof in Writing before some such Justice or Justices; and if any Creditor of such Debtor shall be dissatisfied with the Reality or Fairness of any Debt claimed by any other Creditor, then the fame, at the requestvof any such Creditor or Creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the Justices of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the Benefit of this Act at the next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any deceased Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part of such Estate or Effects, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Estate or Effects found to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court before which the Prisoner was discharged, to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested and committed to the next County Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Person or Persons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by the Act, or until such Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any Debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwise at any future time or times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenants or other Securities of any Nature whatever, may be and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Debtor, in such manner and upon such Terms and Conditions as such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Debtor had become Bankrupt, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the fame would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by the Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under such Commission.

XVIII. And, to the Intent that no Loss may arile to any Creditor or Creditors from any Neglect or Omission in the Schedule not containing the Whole of the Estate Real or Personal belonging to any Debtor who shall apply for his or her Discharge under the Authority of this Act, be it enacted, That all the Estate, whether Real or Personal, which shall belong to any Debtor or Debtors, and of which he, she or they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of making such Schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the Estate contained in such Schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become vetted in the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as such, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been contained in such Schedule, and had been delivered into the Court according to the Directions of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person holding any Security whatsoever, for which such Debtor never received any valuable Consideratioo9 shall be entitled to receive any Benefit from the Estate of

In case Assignees or their Heirs do not deli.er over Estateorli.ilance, cominiiud.

Creditors for Annuities payable at any future time to receive Dividends as under Corn-million of Bankruptcy.

Estates of Debtors not inserted in Schedule veiled in Clerk of the Peace.

Hollers of Securities without

it to C. 165. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 18t2.

Confederation, not entitled to Benefit.

Estate* to veil in Clerk of the Peace for time being.

No Stitt hi Law or Equity without Content of Majority of Creditors.

Mortgages to take place of Debts of an inferior Nature.

Power of leafing L.ands, ike verted in Assignees.

Gaoler, on Request of Creditor, fwotu.

of Such Debtor, tinless the Person holding Ftich Security shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices at some General Quarter Session, General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the fame bona fide, and for good or valuable Consideration.

XX. Provided always and be it enacted, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in whom the £state, Right, Title, Interest or Trust of any Debtor or Debtors shall have vested by the Authority of this Act, every such Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust, shall become vested in the Successor or Successors to every such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever under the Providers of this Act.

XXI. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no Suit in Law or Equity shall be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any such Debtor's Estate and Effects, without the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given at lead Ten Day8 before such Meeting in the London Gazette, or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Residence of such Debtor or Debtors, for that Purpose.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages, Charges or Liens upon the Estate of such Debtor or Debtors, of any Part thereof, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or Personal Estate or Effects comprised in or charged or affected by such Mortgage or Moitgages, Charges or Lien* respectively, norr to prevent any Statute Staple, Statute Merchant, Recognizance or Judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such Debtor or Debtor-, to take place upon the Lands, Tenements or Real Eft?rtes of such Debtor or Debtors; and also, where any Inquisition shall have been taken upon any Inch Statute or Recognizance, or any Writ or Execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the Sheriff or proper Officer upon any such Judgment before such Discharge shall be given in open Session to any such Debtor as aforesaid, the Personal Estate of any such Debtor respectively shall be subject thereto in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such Mortgage, Charge, Lien, Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively, in like manner as such Mortgagees and Persons having such Charges or Liens, and Creditors by Statute, Recognizance or Judgment respectively would have been preferred to other Creditors of an inferior Nature, against the Real or Personal Estate of such Debtor or Debtors respectively if this Act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, arefeifed and possessed of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to hold to such Debtors for the Term of thdr ' natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reservirrg small Rents on such Estatesfor Ode, Two or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over Real or Personal Estate, which such Debtors could execute for thdr owa Advantage, and which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Debtor f Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such case all and every the Powers of leafing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all other such Powers as aforesaid over Real or Personal Estate, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner or Prisoner* as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner by virtue of this Act, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace to which any such Prisoner shall be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall, if required by any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall oppose his or her Discharge, administer to the Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, at the time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be discharged under this Act, an Oath to the Effect following; that is to lay,

Oath. 4 T do ^w'ear> That was really and truly

4 a Prisoner in my Custody in the Prison of or in Custody in some other

Prison [iw the case nay he-\ to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and that the Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of his [nr, her] 4 Commitment, or Detainer, now by me brought, with the Body of the said and

produced to the said Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or Causes of such Commitment or Detainer, without any Fraud or Deceit by me or any other Person, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief. So help me GOD.*

If P*rfon de- And^any Person w^° was a Keeper or Gaoler, or deputed Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol, liverinir >n Lift on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or since, shall not happen to be the wa not Gaoler K^ep^r or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol at the time any such Lift as on June 1811. aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Session, or at any Adjourned to t*k« Oath. Session, may and are hereby required to administer to the respective'Person or Persons who shall be Keeper or Gaoler of any such Prison or Gaol or deputed Keeper thereof, and deliver in such Lift as aforesaid at any such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session, an Oath touchiag the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prison or Gaol, to the Effect following; that is to say,

'I

A.D. 1812.

52 GEORGII III.

C. 165.

11 il

4 ? do swear, That I haw examined the Commitments or Books of or con- Oath.

ceming the Commitments of Prisoners to the Prison of [in the County, City,

Riding, Division, Town, Place or Liberty] and that I do verily believe that the said Commitments or

Books of Commitment are really true and not fictitious, nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it

doth appear, that was on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve

really and truly a Prisoner in the actual Custody of the then Keeper or Gaoler, or

Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of the said Prison or Gaol [or other Prison, at the case may be-\ without Fraud

or Deceit by me or any other Person or Persons, to my Knowledge or Belief. So help me GOD.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall at any time Debtorsdif-hercaster be imprisoned by reason of any Judgment or Decree obtained for Payment of Money only, or for {J* any Debt, Bond, Damages, Contempts for Non-payment of Money, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money con- foned for Debt* trafted, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight |, r*, or to June y, hundred and twelve, but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgment or such Decree, or for such Debts, i8i». Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, or for any Two Justices of the Peace, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of Adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit or Suits to pay such Prisoner or Prisoners the Costs which he, she or they shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so much thereof as to such Judge or Justices shall feemjuft and reasonable; and every such Judge is hereby empowered so to do on such Prisoner* 8 causing a Common Appearance to be entered for him on every such Action or Suit.

XXVI. And whereas under former Acts of this kind Doubts have arisen what was to be done With such Prisoners who applied at any Session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with Debts as well previous as subsequent to the Day limited by the respective Acts; to remedy which be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners shall be discharged of any Debts incurred subsequent to the Fifth Day Prisoners not of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and if it shall appear to the Justices at any Session or e, t

Adjournment, that any Prisoner or Prisoners then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged ad t0Cjune j, well with Debt9 previous to as subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, that in such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices to discharge the Person of such Prisoner on account of all Debts which shall appear to their Satisfaction, by the Oath of such Prisoner not being disproved (or otherwise) to have been incurred previous to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to remand him or her back to the Custody of the Keeper of the Prison from whence he or she was brought, for all Debts which he or she (lands charged with in his Custody, which shall appear to the Justices to have been incurred subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and their Order for such Discharge shall indemnify the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, against any Escape or Escapes, Action or Actions whatsoever for Escapes, which shall or may be brought, commenced or prosecuted against him or them 5 any thing to the contrary herein notwithstanding.

[Treble Costs.]

[Treble Costs.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action of Escape, or any Suit or Action be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, for performing their Office in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; and if General Issue* the Plaintiff be nonsuited or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Scire Facias or Action of Debt or upon Judgment Act pleaded shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors gr Administrators, upon any Judgment generally by obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged by him or her before Frtfboen. the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to plead generally that such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison, or in some other Prison, at such a Person*s Suit on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General Quarter Session or General Session, or Adjournment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Liberty, City, Town or Place ^according to his, her or their case) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit or Action shall he commenced against him, her or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money due before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, to plead in discharge of his or her Person from Execution, (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Debt or Sum of Money (as the case may be) was contrafted or due before the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, without pleading any other Matter specially, where to the Plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, and not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the Plaintiff might have replied in case the Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgment or Demurrer, the Defendant to have Treble Costs.*Treble Costs.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person being a Prisoner Prisoners who, charged in Execution on the said Fifth Day of June Ode thousand eight hundred and twelve, and having on Application before or lince that Day petitioned any Court to be discharged as an Insolvent Debtor, and having conformed M In">lvent

to

Debtors, re» luandei back, and since discharged without Content, entitled to Benefit of Act.

Act not to extend to Attornies, Sec. embezzling Money, except confined lo Years.

Nor to Persons obtaining Money or Goods under false Pretences, &c. except confined io Years.

Nor to Prisoners remanded to Prison under Insolvent Act, for fraudulently obtaining'Money

dec.

Nor to Persons charged in Execution for Damages in Aft ion for Criminal Conversation, See. except confined xo Years.

Nor to Persons removing Effects of Value of 30l. liable to be dil-iruined (or Rent, cncept confined 10 Years.

Nor to Persons fe'sing, &c.

C. 165. j2e GEORGII III. A.D. 18H,

to the several Provisions of the Laws in being for that Purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the Court remanded back to the Prison or Gaol from which such Prisoner was brought up, there to continue in Execution, on the Undertaking of his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to him such weekly or other Allowance as by Law is directed to be paid in such case, during such time as such Prisoner should remain in Execution at the Suit of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Prisoner so continued in Execution shall hare been or shall be discharged from such Execution by his or her Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, without his or her own Privity or Consent, subsequent to the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and before the Day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such Discharge, to the fame Relief and Advantage, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, which he or she might or could otherwise have obtained by virtue of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to release or discharge any Attorney at Law, Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any Money or other Effects recovered or received by him or them for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor or any other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed or converted to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any other Person or Persons employed or entrusted as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, she or they shall stand charged, for or on Account of any Money, Goods or other Effects received or possessed by him, her or them, for the Use and on Account of his, her or their Matter or Matters or Employers, and by such Servant or Agent embezzled, concealed or converted to his, her or their own Use; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing; except where such Persons shall have beta confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years latt pad.

XXXI. And whereas many evil disposed Persons, to support their profligate Way of Life, by various

subtile Stratagems, Threats and Devices, and under assumed and fictitious Name or Names for the Purpose of obtaining Credit, have fraudulently obtained divers Sums of Money, or Securities for Money, Goods and Merchandizes, to the great Injury of Trade and Credit; Be it enacted, That no Prisoner, who knowingly and delignedly, by false Pretence or Pretences, or under any fictitious Name or Names assumed for the Purpose of obtaining Credit, shall have obtained from any Person or Persons Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Bonds, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Securities for Money, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge by or under this Act; but on due Proof of such fraudulent Conduct as aforesaid, the Justices shall remand such Prisoner to the Custody of the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison from which he or she shall have been brought up to take the Benefit of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years lad pad.

XXXII. Provided always, That no Prisoner who shall have been remanded to Prison under any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for having fraudulently obtained Money, Goods or Securities for Money on false Pretences, or for having secretly or fraudulently removed Stock, Cattle or other Effects, which were subject or liable to be detained for Rent, or who shall have loft or forfeited the Benefit of any such former Act, by having made any fraudulent Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alignment, since his or her Imprisonment, to the Prejudice of his Creditor or Creditors, or who shall have fraudulently obtained a Discharge under such former Act, or shall have taken a false Oath under such Act, shall have or receive any Benefit or Discharge under this Act, but shall be remanded to Prison as aforesaid by the Justices before whom he or she shall be brought up to take the Benefit of this Act: Provided also, that no Person charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Conversation with the Wife of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in Action for seducing or carnally knowing the Daughter or Female Servant of the Plaintiff, or in any Action for a malicious Prosecution, or in any Action for any other malicious Injury, shall have any Benefit under this Act, except only in cases where the Plaintiff in such Actions respectivelylhall be dead, and no Person shall have obtained Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Effects of such Plaintiff within Twelve Months after his Decease; except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years lad pad.

XXXIII. And whereas many Debtors for Rents of Lands, Messuages* Houses and other Premises, have,

with fraudulent Intent to disappoint the Right of their respective Landlords, removed the Stock, Cattle,

Furniture, Goods or other Effects, which were subject or liable to be distrained for the Satisfaction of the said Rent6; Be it therefore enacted, That no Prisoner or Prisoners who in a secret, clandestine or fraudulent manner, shall have removed or caused to be removed within Six Years, any such St ock, Cattle, Furniture, Goods or Effects of the Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be distrained by their respective Landlord or Landlords for or in Payment of such Rent or Rents, whereby such Landlord or Landlords shall have loft all or some Part of the Rent or Rents due to him, her or them as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this Act, but shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned; provided such Proof shall be made thereof as shall be satisfactory to the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall he brought up to take the Benefit of this Act, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last pad.

XXXIV. And whereas many Debtors have, with a View to defraud their Creditors, fold, transferred,

conveyed or assigned their Estate or Effects to some Person or Persons, subsequent to their being i n Custody of Law or imprisoned under some Process of Debt^And whereas such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Alignment hath been fraudulently made, to the Injury of his Creditor or Creditors, though it hath been difficult to convict the Party of a fraudulent Design Be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses that such Prisoner has fold, transferred, conveyed or assigned to

6 any

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 165. 1113

but from Session House.

any Person or Persons all or any Part of his Estate or Effefls subsequent to the time of his Imprisonment Effeflsto de-without just Cause for so doing, to be determined by the Justices before whom such Prisoner shall be brought fraud Creditors, up to take the Benefit of this Act, every such Debtor shall lose all the Benefits and Advantages that he °e

might have otherwise claimed under the Authority of this A A, and shall be remanded in manner hereinbefore i mentioned; and every such Sale, Transfer, Conveyance or Assignment is hereby declared null and void, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of Ten Years last past.

XXXV. And whereas many Prisoners squander and expend great Part of their remaining Property by*playing at Cards, Dice or other unlawful Games, to the great Injury of their Creditors* Be it enacted,

That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to discharge or release any Prisoner who hath Nor to Persons or shall have loft, in any one Day since the Date of his Commitment to Prison for any Debt with which >he Money at

Hood charged on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Sum or Value of Twenty con"

Pounds, or io the Whole since such Commitment as aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds in playing at Years*0

or with Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Billiards or other Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by

bearing a Share or Part in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play as aforesaid; but on due Proof thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Justices assembled at such

Quarter Session or Adjourned Session before which such Prisoner shall be brought, it shall be lawful for such

Justices, and they are hereby required to remand such Prisoner to Gaol, any thing hereinbefore contained to

the contrary notwithstanding, except where such Person shall have been confined in Prison for the Space of

Two Years last past.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor, being thereunto required by any Creditor or Debtors refuGog Creditors, shall refuse to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner shall be confined, or jodifeover when come to such Lodge shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and the last Place of Jrpg*fJ^bo<, e Abode or Habitation, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, of the Person or Persons at whose Suit ^hose Suit de-he or she was detained or charged in Custody, without some reasonable Cause being shewn for such Refusal, tained, excluded every such Debtor, on Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter Session of the Benefit of Act Peace or any Adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Discharge

by or under this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Justice No Warrant or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for the bringing MTued for Pii-up of any Prisoner or Prisoners in order to his, her or their Discharge under the Provisions of this Act, at any knersD.scharge Session or Adjourned Session of the Peace, other than such as shall he holden at the Session House in Horse-monger Lane, in the Parish of Newington in the said County.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Counties of York or Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions, all of which have several Commissions of the Peace 5 and if the Gaoler of these Gaols be obliged to carry the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter Session cf such Riding or Division, the fame will be a very

great Charge, not only to such Gaoler, but also to the Prisoners in these large Counties Be it therefore Justices for York

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for and Lincoln may any of the Ridings or Divisions in the respective Counties, (or any other County or Counties where the hold a Session Prisons are at a DHlance from the Place where the Sessions are held) at the Common or County Gaol thereof ount7

respectively, or at any other Gaol or Gaols within the said Counties, or at some convenient Place near thereto,

and they are hereby required to assemble arid meet and to hold Session there by Adjournment from their respective Quarter Session, from time to time, for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations and Directions of this Act.

VXXXIX. And whereas the District or Division of Hollandt in the said County of Lincoln, is distant near Forty Miles from the said County Gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expensive for the Justices of the Peace acting for the said Division, to be obliged to travel to the said Gaol, for the sole Purpose of discharg-

ing the Prisoners under the Powers by this Act given Be it therefore enacted, That, for the several Purposes aforesaid, the Justices for the said Division or District of Holland may adjourn their original Sessions to the County Gaol, or to some Place near thereunto; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting either for the Parts of Lindsey, Kesteven or Holland, to hold such Adjourned Session for the sole Purpose of aifeharging such Prisoners, Notice of the Adjournment of such original Sessions being given by the Clerk of Sessions to such Justices, and who shall attend there to register the Proceedings of the said Court, so far as the same relate to or affect the Discharge of any Prisoner detained for Debt in the Division of Holland, and claiming the Benefit of this Act;

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Debtors and others, who were in Prison on or before the said Prisoner in Cuf-Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, in any such Gaols and now remain, for not paying tody Prison their Fees, Rent or other Demands due or claimed as due to the Keeper or Keepers of any Prison respectively,* dteharged or to any other Officer of such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she or they taking the Oath by this Act required to be taken by PrisonerB.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons committed by any Courts of Law or Equity for Con- Prisoner in tempt m not paying Money ordered or awarded to be paid, or for not paying of Costs duly and regularly Custody for Con-ordered to be taxea and allowed by the proper Officer after proper Demand made for that Purpose, or upon tempf Court, any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for or grounded on the Non-payment of Money, Coils difchir^ed.

'or Expences in any Cause or Proceedings in any Ecclesiastical Court, or for Contempt of such Court relating thereto, and who were in Custody on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, ana iiave ever since continued, and now are in Custody for the fame, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Pro-52 Geo. III. 7 D visions

Justices for District of Holland may hold Adjourned Session.

Act not to ex-tti'd to Debtors of Crown or Offenders against Revenue, unless Treasury cen-iank

Determination of Justices final, unless Debtor gets rid of Ob-jeditms to Dif-char^e.

uth.

T. dates of which Prisoners are feiled in Tail, delivered up to Creditors.

Assignees may apply for further Examination of Debtors to Two I offices.

C. 165. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

viflons of this Act. subject to the fame Tenfcs, Conditions and Restrictiont, is art heron expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps or Salt Duties, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's laid Revenues of Customs, Excise* Stamps or Salt Duties, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless any Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty*8 Treasury for the time being shall certify their Conient under their Hands, to the said Justices at their said Session or Adjournment thereof, for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XLIII. And whereas under former Acts Creditors have been put to great Expence and Trouble in attending every Session or Adjournment, during the Continuance of this Act, to oppose the Discharge of

Debtors clearly excluded from any Benefit under the said respective Acts, but who, after having been before

one Session and refused a Discharge, gave fresh Notices for each subsequent Session and Adjournment of their intended Application to be discharged, with the foie View of harassing and subjecting to Inconvenience their Creditors; f to remedy which, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever the Determination of the Justices in Session or Adjournment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, unless the Debtor shall get rid of the Objection or Objections for which they refused his Discharge; aid that the fame may be clear and certain, the Justices are hereby required to date the Objections why such Debtor's Discharge is refused by them; and in all cases whatever it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, at some one subsequent Session or Adjourned Session within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after he shall have been so remanded, upon Application of such Debtor, and due Proof on Oath or otherwise to the Satisfaction of the Justices in Session or Adjournment, of such Objection or Objections being removed, and on Proof of Notice served at lead Twenty Days previous to such Application on the Creditor or Creditors who before opposed his Discharge, and of Notice likewise inserted in the London Gazette in manner before directed by this Act, to order such Debtor to be once more, but only one time more, brought before them; and if no Other Objection or Objections shall then be made to the Discharge of such Debtor by any Creditor or Creditors, or being made, the same shall be over-ruled by the Justices then prefect, and they shall then be of Opinion that the said Debtor is entitled to the Benefit of this Act, to adjudge him or her to be entitled thereto, and to order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the Oath, and in all other respects conforming to the Directions of this Act.

XLIV. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, are seised of an Estate Tail in some Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which Entail, with the Remainders thereon expectant, they have by Law Power to defeat and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries whereby the said Freehold Lands, Teoe-

menls and Hereditaments of such Person or Persons would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up according to the Terms of this Act, for the Benefit of their Creditors Be it therefore further enacted, That in every such case such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act, shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in Law be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Fee, and the fame iiall be delivered up to such Creditor or Creditors of every such Prisoner in the same manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries, and thereby had become seised in Fee; any Law or Construction of Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And whereas many Persons who may be entitled to and claim the Benefit of this Act have been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they may be entitled to fundiy and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be entitled to Equities of Redemptioa of Effectes subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgments or other Incumbrances, or to Reversions, Remainders or other contingent Estates, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to other Trusts or InterefU in Estates both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in upon Oath by the Prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid and Assistance to adjust, make out, recover or manage for the Benefit of his Creditors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective At signees of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors who shall obtain his, her or their Discharge in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons duly authorized by them for that Purpose, from time to time to apply to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place or Liberty where such Debtor or Debtors shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Debtor or Debtors may be further examined as to any Matters and Things relating to his, her or their Estate or Effects; whereupon such Justices shall fend for or call before them inch Debtor or Debtors by such Warrant, Summons, Ways or Means as they shall think fit; and upon such Debtors appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon Oath or otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee shall desire, relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and if any Debtor or Debtors, on Payment or Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices shall judge sufficient, shall neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful Excuse, allowed by such Justices, or being come before them shall refuse to be sworn or to answer such Questions as by such Justices shall be put to him, her or them relating to the Discovery of his, her r their Estate or Effects so vetted or intended to be veiled in fugh Clerk of the Peace* Town Clerk or other Officer

A.D. 1812.

52 GEORGII III.

C. 165.

Officer acting is Clerk of the Peace, of such Assignees as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Debtoror Debtors so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them to commit to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such time as he, she or they shall fubrnit him, her or themselves to such Justices, and answer upon Oath to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Justices be put to him, her or them for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Debtoror Debtors by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear that the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any Part of the Oath taken by any such Debtor was not true, then and in every such case every such Discharge shall be void and of none Effect.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful at all times hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effects of any Debtor or Debtors, who shall be chosen in pursuance 01 this Act, by and with the Consent of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be present at a Meeting to be had on Twenty one Days Notice being previously given for the Purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if the Debtor was in Custody in London, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and if not, then also in some Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City or Place in or near which such Person or Persons shall have been in Gaol, to make Compositions with any Person or Persons or Accountants to such Debtor or Debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debt as can upon any such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts; and also to fubrnit any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees and any Person or Persons for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Cause or Thing relating to the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises in pursuance of this Act.

f XLVIII. And whereas Provision ought to be made as to what should become of the Estate and Effects*of any Debtor or Debtors not got in, obtained or recovered by any Assignee or Assignees at the time of his or their Death or Deaths, and whose Heir or Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns reftife to act or meddle thereinto remedy which, be it enacted, That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Creditors of every such Debtor or Debtors to chuse a new Assignee or Assignees, and to obtain a new Assignment from the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace pursuant to the Order of the Justices, and which said Order the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to direct (on due Proof on Oath being made to them of the Death of such former Assignee or Assignees, and Refusal to his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns to act or meddle therein), and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, is hereby empowered to obey the fame, and execute such Assignraent accordingly, in manner and Form as if no ibrtner Afugnment had ever been made, the said Assignee or Assignees, Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, Town Clerk or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace hereby conforming to all Orders and Directions made by this Act relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all such Pams and Penalties as are inffifted on them or any of them by this Act for Disobedience in any Part thereof or Neglect of Duty whatever; and in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall die, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall refuse to act, that then and in such cate it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act; and the said Justices shall have Power in a luminary way, to oblige their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of such Assignee or Assignee* to account for and deliver up all such Estate and Effects as shall remain in his or their Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XL I A. And, to the Intent and Purpose that the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of this Act, may be duly and faithfully applied for the Benefit of his, her or their real Creditors, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts at Westminster* and the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales and the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lan* softer and Durham respectively, from whence any Process issued upon which any such Debtor or Debtors was or were committed, or where the Process issued out of any other Court, to and for the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions, or Counties Palatine aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any of them, from time to time, upon the Petition of any such Debtor, or the Creditor or Creditors of such Debtor, complaining of any Insufficieiicy, Fraud or Misconduct of any Assignee or Assignees of the Estate or Effect* of any such Debtor or Debtors, to summon all Parties concerned, and upon hearing the Parties concerned therein to make and give such Orders and Directions therein, either for the Removal of such Assignee or Assignees, and appointing any new Assignee or Assignees in the Place of such Assignee or Assignees so to be removed, and for the prudent, just and equitable Management or Distribution of the Estate and Effects of any such Debtor, for the Benefit of the respective Creditors, as the said Courts or Judges respectively shall think (it; and in case of the Removal of any Assignee or Assignees and the appointing of any new Assignee or Assignees, the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors shall from thenceforth be divested out of the Assignee or Assignees so removed, and be veiled in and delivered over to such new Assignee or Assignees, in the same manner and for the fame Intents and Purposes as if the fame were before vested in the Assignee or Assignees first chosen; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where mutual Credit hath been giten between any Debtor wno shall be discharged in pursuance of this Act and any other Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politick, before the Delivery of such Schedule or Inventory of the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors upon Oath as aforesaid, the respective Assignee or Assignees of such Debtoror Debtors is

7 D 2 and

Iir5

Imprisonraeitt.

Fraudulent Discharges void.

Assignees with Content of Majority in Value of Creditors may compound Debts, and fubrnit Deputes to Arbitration

If Assignee# die, others chosen.

Courts on Con-plaint may remove Assignees.

In cases of mutual Credit Balance state&

111 <5f

C.i 65.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Persons imprisoned by Courts of Conference entitled to Benefit of Act, and

Justices may amend Notices and Schedules in Matters of Form.'

Insolvent, on releafin£ Inte-rests, e; ood Witness.

Future Estates of Debtors discharged under Ad liable for Debts.

and are hereby authorized and required on his and their Parts to (late and allow an Account between them and the other Party or Parties concerned} and nothing more shall be deemed to be vetted in such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, as the Estate and Effects of such Debtor or Debtors than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her or them respectively, as and for the Balance of such Account when truly ttated.

LI. And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been and are now imprisoned for Debt upon Pro*

ccflesi flu ing out of Courts of Confidence p it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such Prisoners shall be entitled to have the Bcjicfit of this Adfc, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, Ihe and they conform to the JDire&ions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged by virtue of this Act; and the Keeper or Keepers, Gaoler or Gaolers, of all and every Gaol, Prison or other Place of Confine-

j.ills ictumed to ment, in which any Person or Persons are confined, or charged in Execution with Debts under Process or Pro-Sdlijn. cefies issuing out of or from such Courts of Confidence, are hereby required to make out and deliver to th

Justices assembled at the next General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, a true List or Lists of the Prisoners in their Custody so confined or charged in Execution, in like manner as the Gaolers or Keepers of other Prisons are directed by this Act.

LII. And whereas Debtors are frequently, to the Injury of themselves and their Creditors, remanded

back to Prison, on account of mere Errors or Omissions 111 point of Form relating to their Notices, or the

making out of their Schedules, or other Proceedings directed by this Act p it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices assembled at such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, to amend such Matters of Form, or to supply such Omissions, or to correct such Errors in the said Notices, Schedules or other Proceedings directed by this Act, as shall appear to the said Justices to have arisen from Ignorance or Mistake of the Parties, without remanding hack the said Prisoner or Prisoners; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever the Insolvent, upon his releasing any Interest he or she may have in the Residuum of his or her Estate, shall and may be admitted as a good and sufficient Witness in any Action or Cause to be instituted by his or her Assignee or Assignees for the Recovery of any Debts due to the said Insolvent, in the same manner as a Bankrupt may after obtaining his Certificate.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the future Estate or EfFedls, Real or Personal, of any Person or Persons discharged under this Act, whether such Person or Persons shall or shall not have been charged in Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money due, owing or demandable from any such Person or Persons, or in respect of which any such Person or Persons was or were in Custody; and all and every Person or Persons entitled to receive or be paid any such Debt, Damages, Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, shall have all such and the like Remedies in Law or Equity against such future Estate and EfFedls, other than and except the necessary Apparel and Bedding of such Person or Persons and their Family, and the necessary Tools for his, her or their Trade and Occupation, not exceeding the Value of Forty Pounds, but not against the Person of the Party for Payment thereof, as he, she or they might have had if this Act had not been made; and in any case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could, before the passing of this Act, have been enforced only by Commitment, cither on the Ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Persons liable thereto, the Party interested therein shall be and is hereby enabled to sue the Person or Persons who ought to have paid the fame for what shall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like manner as if the Sum remaining unsatisfied had been Money lent and advanced by or Money had and received for the Use of the Person having such Demand, but shall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Estates and Effects only, and shall not be entitled to arrest or take in Execution the Party against whom such Demand shall be enforced.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have within the Space of Fire Benefit of Info!- Years previous to the passing of this Act taken the Benefit of any Act heretofore passed for the Relief of vent Art within Insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the fame; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission duly allowed, shall be discharged by virtue of this Act from any Debt which shall have been or may be proved under such Commission, unless such Commission shall have issued, and such Bankrupt shall have duly surrendered himself or herself to the Commissioners, or the major Part of them named in the said Commission, Two Years at the lea (I before the passing of this Act, and shall in all things have duly conformed himself or herself to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts; and unless the major Part of the Commissioners named in such Commission shall specially certify, which they are hereby authorized to do if they shall think fit, that such Bankrupt has fb duly conformed, and has in their Opinion made a full and fair Disclosure of all his or her Estate or Effects, and in all things conduced himself or herself properly under such Commission; and in all such cases such Bankrupt shall be capable of being discharged in respect of all Debt9 which cannot be proved under such Commission, in the same manner and upon the fame Terms as any other Prisoner may be discharged by virtue of this Act, and shall and may be discharged as to personal Arrest for Debt in respect of all Debts proved or capable of being proved under such Commission 5 but nevertheless such Bankrupt, and his or her Effects, shall in all othgr respects whatsoever remain subject to tike Laws in force concerning Bankrupts, as he or she «ould have been if this Act had not been made'.

taken

Five Years, not entitle! to Relief.

Bankrupt*; how far at ail.d I y

a a.

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C. 165^ i-ii 7f

LVII. Provided always, That in the Notices to be given by such Bankrupt, and the Oath to be taken by him or her according to the Provisions of this Act, such Bankrupt shall be described as a Person against whom a Commission of Bankrupt has issued and is dill in force, and who has not obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the Statutes concerning Bankrupts duly allowed; and such Bankrupt, instead of swearing to the Truth of a Schedule of hii or her Estate or Effects, shall swear that he or file has made a full Difclolure of his or her Effects under the said Commission, and that he or she has no Estate or Effects which can be vested in an Assignee under this Act, all the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt being vested in the Assignee or Assigneea under such Commission by virtue of such Commission, and the Assignment made in pursuance thereof.

LVIII. Provided always, That in case fncli Commission shall at anytime thereafter be superseded, then and in such case the Discharge which shall be obtained by virtue of this Act shall be null and void.

LIX. And whereas it is expedient that the Relief granted by this Act should be extended to the several*Presidencies or Settlements of Fort Willi am % Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Wales's Island in the 1 East Indies Be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be extended thereto, and that the Court of Di-re6tors of the East India Company shall, and they are hereby required to transmit this Act to their several Governments in the said Presidencies or Settlements, by the first Ships of the said Company which shall fail for India after the passing of this Act; and that the said Governments shall immediately on the Receipt thereof communicate the fame respectively to the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Fort Saint George, to the Recorder's Court at Bombay, and to the Court of Judicature at Prince of Wales's Island\ which said Courts shall, upon such Communication, with the lead possible Delay, issue their Precepts to the several Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons within the local Limits of and subject to their respective Jurisdictions, requiring them to make out and deliver into the said Courts, within a time to be limited in the said Precepts, such Lifts as are herein dire6fed to be made out by Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons of all Persons who, on the Day Five Months preceding the Date of such Preceipts, shall have been, and shall at the time of issuing such Precepts continue to be in their Custody on any such Process as is hereinbefore mentioned, issuing out of any Court erected by or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, or any Charter of His Majesty within the said Presidencies or Settlements; and all such Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall make out and deliver such Lifts accordingly, and shall take and subscribe such Oaths as are herein required upon the Delivery thereof, and shall fix up Copies of the said Lifts in the said Prisons and Gaols in manner herein directed, with Translations thereof into the Language and Character commonly in Use among the Natives of India in the said Presidencies or Settlements respectively.

LX. And, in order to obviate all Difficulties in the Execution of this Act within the said Presidencies or Settlements, for want of the Courts, Magistrates, Public Officers or other local Means herein specially appointed to carry the fame into Effect, be it further enacted, That all the Powers hereby vested in any Courts or Justices shall be vested in like manner, and to the fame Purpose and Extent, in the said Supreme Courts of Judicature, and in the Judges thereof at Fort William and Fort Saint George respectively, and in the said Recorder's Court, and the Judges thereof at Bombay, and in the said Court of Judicature, and the Judges thereof at Prince of Wales's Island; and that the said Courts shall respectively, in and for their several Jurisdictions, have Power, and they are hereby required with the least possible Delay, to frame and publish a Rule or Rules of Court, appointing by or through what Officers, belonging or subordinate to the said Courts; a*d also at what times and in what Form the several Acts and Matters herein directed to be done in order to the Execution of this Act shall be carried into Effect; and also in what manner and at what times the several Notices herein required shall be given; and also to make all other necessary Provisions for carrying this Act into Effect where the Provisions herein particularly contained shall be found utterly inapplicable within the said Presidencies or Settlements.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That from the time of publishing such Rule or Rules by the said Courts respectively, all the Provisions and Penalties herein contained for enforcing the Performance of any Duty under this Act, or for punishing the Neglect or Refusal to perform the fame by any Public Officer or other Person, shall be deemed to be applicable to all such Public Officers or other Persons in any manner subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Courts respectively as may be appointed to perform the said Duties by such Rule or Rules, in like manner as if such Public Officers and Persons had been specially appointed thereto by this Act.

LXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize the said Courts to narrow or to extend, or in any manner to alter the Nature of the Relief hereby intended to be given; and that all such Rules as aforesaid shall be made as nearly conformable to the Provisions of this Act as the circumstances of the case will admit.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Amounts of Money are mentioned in this Act, the Equivalents of the Pound Sterling within the said Settlements shall, for all Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be as follows; that is to say, at Fort William in Bengal Eight Sicca Rupees, at Fort Saint George Two Pagodas and a Half, at Bombay Eight Bombay Rupees, and at Prince of Wales's Island Four Dollars; and that the fame Rate shall be used for the Purposes aforesaid in estimating the Equivalent of every Fractional Part of a Pound Sterling.

LXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend within the said Settlements to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act there, with respect to any Debt or Penalty with which he or she shall stand charged at the Suit of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in which it shall appear or be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Court in which such Benefit is fought, that the said United Company are the real Plaintiffs or Parties j interested,

Notice; of Bankrupt, how regulate*.

Cr.mmission fu-perfeded Discharge void.

Ad to extend to Fort William, he. in the East Indies.

Courts at Fort William, Icc. to make Rules for carrying Ad into Efted where those specially rovided by Ad inapplicable.

Persons appoint* ed by such Rules ro assist in Execution of Ad, as if named therein*

Not to extend to alter nature of Relief.

Rates for converting Sums mentioned in Ad into Indian Currency.

Act not to extend in India to Debtors of Company, unless I.oca I Governments content.

11 j8

JuRice* may at Request of Creditor convene hefore them Coolers, and examine touch* in.; Commie* merits.

Gaolers refuting to attend! &c.

[Penalty.]

Gaoler and Printer of Gazette or Newspaper not complying with Regulations of Ail,

[Penalty.]

Perjury.

[Penalty.]

Making false Entries iu Pri-&») Books.

[Penalty.]

Perfom permitted to fpoak to

Prisoners in convenient Room, whole Names are in* ferted In LiiU, fee.

[Penalty.]

C. 165. 5a* GEORGII III. A.D. 1813.

interested, unless the Goverrfor General in Council at Fort William, or the Governor in Council at Fort Saint George, Bombay and Prince of Walts*9 Island, respectively, shall certify their Consent under their Hands to the said Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at any General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or any Adjourned Session of the Peace, are hereby authorized, at the Request of any Creditor of any Prisoner, to convene before them at some certain time to be appointed by them, any Person or Persons who was or were Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison or Gaol within their respectife Jurisdictiona, on the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or at any other time, and examine every such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the Justices at any such Session or Adjourned Session shall think fit 5 and if $ny such Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall refuse or neglect to attend on being convened as aforesaid, or attending (had refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises as shall be reasonably required, at such Session or Adjourned Session, he or they so offending in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall without jud Cause, to be approved by the Justices at some General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or some Adjournal Session of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, refuse or delay to bring any such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid to any such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, as shall be directed and required by Warrant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid; or shall neglect or refuse, or designedly omit to insert in any such Lid as aforesaid the Name or Names of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who was or were actually in Custody in his or their respective Prison or Gaol on the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up or deliver such Lids as aforesaid; or to take any of the Oaths before mentioned, and by this Act required to be taken by him, or to conform to the Directions hereby

S'ven him in respect of the Schedules intended to be delivered in by any such Prisoner or Prisoners, or shall tain any such Prisoners after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the Printer of the LonJn Gazette or other Newspaper as aforesaid shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the Notices by this Act directed to be given, on reasonable Requed made to him for that Purpose; every such Keeper or Gaoler, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and every such Printer as aforesaid, for every such Offence shall respectively forfeit and pay to such Prisoner, in every such case injured, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, which shall and may be recovered with Treble Costs ot Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Keeper or Gaoler or Deputy Keeper or Gaoler of toy Prison, shall, in taking any of the Oaths afore mentioned, forswear and perjure himself, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler, shall (over and above the Penalties to be inflrded on Persons convicted of Perjury) upon every such Conviction forfeit and pay the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Cods of Suit, by Bill, Plaint or Information, or Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by or in the Name of any Creditor or Creditors of any such Prisoner or Prisoners who shall sue for the fame, and the fame when recovered shall be applied One Moiety to such Creditor or Creditors suing for the fame, and the other Moiety towards S&ttsfadion of the Debts of such Prisoner or Prisoners.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, shall make or cause to be made any false Entry or Entries in any Book belonging to any Prison under his Care, or shall prepare to keep, or cause to be kept, any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to be made therein, or shall knowingly and wilfully produce and shew any Book wherein any false or untrue Entry or Entries have or hath been made, as and for a Book containing tree and genuine Entries, or shall insert in any List to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who were or was not in actual Custody as aforesaid (except as in the Oath of any such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall be excepted), every such Keeper or Gaoler, Deputy Keeper or Gaoler shall, for every such Fraud, (over and above the Penalties for which he shall be liable for every such Fraud) forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by and in the Name and for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall be injured by any such Fraud, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at We/hunjhr, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed*

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Keeper or Deputy Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, shall and he is hereby required to suffer any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to foe and spesk with in the Day time, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, in iotne convenient Room or Place in the said Prison, any Prisoner or Prisoners whose Names «re inserted in the before mentioned List or Lists, or the London Gazette or other Newspapers, in manner sfore-said, and also to fee in the tree and genuine Book or Books of the said Prison the Entry and Entries made of the Name and Names of such Prisoner or Prisoners, together with the Names or Name of the Person or Persons at whose Suit he, she or they are detained $ and it any such Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper shall refuse or neglect so to do, every such Gaoler or Keeper, Deputy Gaoler or Keeper 10 offending shall forfeit and pay to the Person so ref tried and aggrieved the Sunt of Forty Pounds, to be recovered with

9 Cods

A.D. 1812, j2e GEORGII III. C. 165* 11: 19

CofU of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster* wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One imparlance shall be allowed, by and in the Name or Names «of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or Ckrk of the1 other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, shall delay or refuse to give any such Prisoner adjudged to be Pe*ce not. entitled to his Discharge as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Adjudication, a Copy of the Order 9°Pie* of such Adjudication on being paid for the same the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or shall demand or take more for the fame than the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, or shall take more than Five Shillings for an Assignment or Conveyance of any Prisoner*s Estate or Efteds, every such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and be convicted thereof at any such General Quarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Penalty* Pounds; and the Justices at such Session or Adjourned Sessioo are hereby authorized and empowered to order and cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace so offending.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner who shall come or be brought up at any General Perjury.

Suarter Session or General Session of the Peace, or Adjourned Session of the Peace, under the Provisions of is Ad, shall wilfully forswear or perjure himself or herself, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so offending shall fatter such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and moreover shall not be entitled to any Benefit, Privilege or Advantage under this Act j any thing in the same to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required to be Affirmation of taken, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be taken and accepted in lieu Quakm tAlua, thereof; and that every Person who shall in making such solemn Affirmation knowingly and wilfully affirm what is false and untrue, and shall be thereof convicted, shall incur and be liable to such and the fame Punishment, Penalties and Disabilities as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury by Law are liable to and Perjury, incur, and shall further and moreover incur such and the same Penalties at arc inflicted and impaled by this Act upon Peribnt convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury in like cases*

LOCAL

i rao

C.i — vii.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

34G. 3. C. 97.

xo 0.3. c. 77. 30O.3. c. 104.

4 0.3. c. 67. 30 G. 3. c. 113.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED 5 OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not exprefdy flated) by referring to the following 1AJI, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Tale.

(a) For 21 Years, &c.

[i. e. to the End of the next Session\ from a Day named in the AS.

(b) Fori 1 Years, &c from the pacing of the AS.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this Lift, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Publick Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and " shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially«pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi Publick Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to the King's Moll " Excellent Majesty, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and a Copy thereof " so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. i.

An Act for embanking and draining certain Lands adjoining the River JVade in the Parishes of Steeple cun Stanfgate and Saint Lawrence in the County of Essex.

[28th February 1812 ]

Cap. ii.

An Act for vesting in the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Stafford, a House for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes, and for maintaining and supporting the fame 5 and for amending an Act of His present Majesty for building a new Shire Hall for the said County.

[28th February 1812.]

Cap. iii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk. (c) £26th February 1812.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Roborough Down to the Tavistock Road near Dart Moor Prisonof War, and to Two Bridges, in the County of Devon, (a) [28th February 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

4

Cap. v.

An Act for inclosing Siddal Moor, fitu&te within the Township of Hof wood, in the Parish of Middleton, io the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q. P.) [28th February 1812.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for inclosing Great Crosby Marsh, in the Manor of Great Crosby, and Parish of Sephton, in the County of Lancaster. (q.P.) [28th February 1812.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Alfreton to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, (b) [5th March 1812.]

[Additional Trustees Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sundays. Additmd

Half Toll in Winter.]

6 Cap.

v^»

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C.viii — -tfix. 1121

Cap. Tiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Power of Two Act 8 of King George the Second, and Two Act of Hi* 4*

present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, and other Road* therein mentioned, in the G* \ c'

County of Middlesex* (a) [5th March 1812.]9 G.^c.tz.

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Erith in the County of Kent, (qi P.) [5th March 1812.]

Cap. x.

An Act for inclosing Land, in the Parish of Deopbam, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[5 th March 1812.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease in Liverfedge, in the Parish of BirflalU in the West Riding of the County of York.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xiu

An Act for altering and enlarging the Power of an Act of Hi* present Majesty, for the better Relief and 40. 5. c. 91. Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford % in the County of Suffolk.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for the better Employment and Support of the Poor in the Pari (he* of Westfirle9 Bedding ham and Glynde, in the County of Sussex.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for better paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Street*, Lanes and other public Passage* 26 <3. 3.1.120. and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink) or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, repealed, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Act9, of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the a* o. 6 6. Harbour of Maryport* % in the County of Cumberland, (b) [20th March 1812.] 29 G. % . c. 57.

3* G. 3* c. 23.

in the County of Cumberland. (b)

# [Formerly called Ellenfoot.'J

Cap. xvi.

An Act to alter and increase the Rate of Tonnage, authorized to be taken by the Company of Proprietor* 36 <3.3. c. 46. of The Grand Western Canal; and to amend the several Act 8 pa fled for making the said Canal. 51 G. 3. c.dxv&

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for allotting the Land, in the Parish of Hempjlead9 in the County of Norfolk, and for the Drainage of the Marshes or Fen Ground* within the said Pan(h, and of certain other Marshe*, Meadow* and Low Grounds, within the several Parishe* of Happijburgh % Eccles, Passing next the Sea9 Lejfxngham and Ingham, in the County aforesaid.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of Horsey % in the County of Norfolk.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Power of an Act of Hi* present Majesty, for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane.

[20th March 1812.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rebuilding the late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, upon the Conditions and under the Regu- 50 G. j.^cotiv. 4 lations therein mentioned; it was enacted, That the several Persons therein named, together with such other.x 4 Person and Persons as Should subscribe towards raising the Capital Sum thereinafter mentioned, and their several and respective Successor*, Executors, Administrator* ana Assign8, being a Proprietor or Proprietor*

4 of any Share or Share* in the Undertaking therein referred to, paying and contributing to the Capital Sum to be raised a* thereinafter mentioned, Should be, and they were thereby accordingly united into a Company for erecting the said Theatre and surrounding Buildings, and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and Should for that Purpose be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name and Style of The Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors, and by that Name Should have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name Should and might sue and be sued: And it was further enacted, That $ 2.

4 it Should be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietor* to raise and contribute, in such Proportion*

4 a* they Should think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pound*; which said Sum or Sums of Money Should be laid out and applied, in the first 52 Geo. III. 7 E 4 Place;

*122 C.xix. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing the said Act, and of the Surreys, Plans and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto; and in the next Place, in Payment to certain Persons therein named, of such Sum or Sums of Money as might be due and owing to them in respect of their Shares, Rights and Interests, in certain Letters Patent granted by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, to Thomas Killigrew Esquire; and in the next Place, in making due and just Payment or Compensation to the Renters and several other Claimants on the said Property, upon such Terms as the said*Claimants and the said Company of Proprietors should agree; and thirdly, in purchasing the entire Property and Interests of the present Proprietors and Parties beneficially and ultimately interested in the Property of the said late Theatre Royal Drury Lane, and the Profits and Property thereof 5 and then for and towards rebuilding, erecting and finishing a new Theatre, and the surrounding Buildings and Improvements necessary thereto, and in purchasing, making and completing the Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, Decorations and other Appendages, or otherwise for carrying the said Act into Execution: Provided that in case the said Company of Proprietors Should not contract and agree with all the Persons interested in the said Theatre and other Property, for the Purchase of such several Interests, within the Term of Two Years from the passing of the said Act, then and in such case the said Act, and all the Matters and Things thereia §7. 4 contained, Should become null and void: And it was thereby further enacted, That, for better forwarding the

Purposes of the said Act, and the Interest of the said Company, there Should be*a Committee of Ten Proprietors, and that the Persons therein named Should be the First Committee; and the said Committee were thereby authorized to add any Number of Proprietors not exceeding eleven to the said Committee; and the said Committee were thereby also authorized to arrange and complete Terms of Settlement and Compensation with the several Claimants on the said Property, and to determine upon and feled the Han for rebuilding, and to make Contracts and Bargains for erecting the said Theatre, as thereinafter is mentioned; and also for arranging the Terms upon which all Rights and Interests of the then Proprietors Should be made $0, over to the said intended Company of Proprietors, and all other necessary Purposes: And the said Committee were by the said Act also empowered to arrange the Terms upon which a limited Number of Private Boxes might be let, Should the said Committee find it advisable and expedient for the Completion of the § g, Plan: And it was also enacted, and the First Committee which should meet under the Ad were thereby directed to form and arrange a Plan For the future Government and Conduct of the Theatre Property, to be submitted to a General Meeting of the said Company, to be specially called by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and such of the London Newspapers as the said Committee should think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the opening of the said Theatre: And whereas the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Act, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereof; but several of the Provisions of the same Act have been found inadequate to the several Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame should be altered, amended and enlarged;

and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Execution of the Purposes intended to be provided for by the said Act, if certain Parts thereof were repealed, and further and better Provisions granted : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefeot 50 3. < % ccxiv. Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as enads and pro-

S a. m pan re- yides that the fame, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall be null and void, in case the said cd* Company of Proprietors shall not have contracted and agreed with all the Persons interested in the said late

Theatre and other Property, for the Purchase of such several Interests within the Term of Two Years from the passing of the said Act, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Compensations

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and made for Claims they are hereby empowered at any time or times from and after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree after-passing Act. with, and make due and just Payment or Compensation to such Renters, Annuitants, and other Claimants on the said Theatre and Property, whose Claims shall not have been adjusted previous to the passing of this Act, upon such Terms as such Renters, Annuitants and other Claimants, and the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, shall agree; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proviso for un-

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and immediately after the said intended new discovered Theatre shall have been completed and opened for the Representation of Plays, if any Renters, Annuitantl Claimants. or other Persons having Claims upon the late Theatre, and the Patents and Property thereto belonging /except the Renters or Claimants commonly called New Renters) shall not have been discovered by the said Committee, or whose Title or Titles shall be doubtful or disputed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, and they are hereby authorized, by and from the Money so subscribed, and to be subscribed, to lay out and invest in the Names of the Trustees of the said Company of Proprietors for the time being, in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be adequate to the making Compensations to such undiscovered Renters, Annuitants or other Claimants respectively, upoa such and the Tike Terms, and according to the like Rate of Compensation as shall have been agreed upon and accepted by the Majority of Persons having similar Interests or Claims upon the said Theatre and other Property; and that the Dividends of the Annuities so to be purchased, and of the Acccumulations thereof, shall from time to time, as the same shall arise, be received and be in like manner laid out and inverted in such Annuities; and that the Person or Persons for whom or for whose Benefit such Compensation or Compei.fatiom respectively shall have been so inverted, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall from time to time, upon Application duly made to such Committee for the time being, be as e ffe&ually entitled to have and receive the respective Proportions of such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities,

and

II2J

A.D. 1812. s2° GEORGII III# Clxix#

and the Dividends and Accumulations thereof, as if he, she or they had originally agreed to accept and take such Compensation or Compensations, (the respective Interests, Claims and Titles of such Claimants respectively upon and to the said late Theatre, and the Patents and Property thereto belonging, having been first ascertained and manifested to the Satisfaction of the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Counsel learned in the Law); and thereupon the same shall be transferred unto him, her or them respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Annuities to be invested as and for such Compensation or Compensations as aforesaid, when the same shall have been transferred to the Person or Persons respectively entitled to have and receive the same, is and are hereby declared to be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of such respective Interests and Claims, and the fame and each and every of them so compensated shall cease; and the said intended new Theatre, and the Property and Patents which belonged and appertained to the said late Theatre, shall be for ever discharged therefrom, and of and from all Arrears due and owing on account of the fame respectively.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Annuitant or Annuitants, Renter or Renters, or other Claimant or Claimants, or his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall have commenced any Action at Law, or Suit in Equity, or other Proceeding, for or in respect of his, her or their Claim or Claims, or shall have given Notice in Writing to the said Committee of his, her or their Intention so to do, except any Action or Suit for the Purpose of establishing his, her or their Title or Titles to such Compensation or Compensations, or any Part thereof, or shall have given Notice in Writing to the said Committee of his, her or their Refusal to take or accept such Compensation or Compensations as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the said Company for the time being, and they are hereby empowered to transfer the Proportion of every such Annuitant, Renter or Claimant of mch Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and the Accumulations thereof, to the general Fund herein after directed to be created for the further Insurance of the said intended new Theatre and the Property thereto belonging from Fire, and in Augmentation thereof, and to be applicable to all such and the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the said Fund io to be created is herein after directed to be applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to grant, make and execute any Deed, Instrument or Writing, Deeds, Instruments or Writings, for granting to such of the Persons commonly called New Renters respectively as shall have agreed to accept the fame, an Annuity or Rent Charge of One Shilling and Three pence for each Night of Performance at the said intended new Theatre, and free Admission thereto, and for fulfilling and accomplishing the several Articles, Stipulations and Conditions contained in certain Agreements entered into by such New Renters, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof (subject as herein after is mentioned) as by the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, and the Committee of the said New Renters, or their respective Counsel learned in the Law, shall be deemed necessary.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said several Persons respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall hold, take, receive and enjoy the said Rent Charges or Rent Charge of One Shilling and Three pence, and Right of Admission, with the Remedies and Powers for recovering, holding and receiving the fame, according to tneDeed, Instrument or Writing, Deeds, Instruments or Writings to be executed in pursuance of this Act; and every such Rent Charge and Right of Admission shall, from and immediately after the said intended new Theatre shall have been built, and opened for the Representation of Theatrical Performances, be and remain a Charge upon the said Theatre and the Property thereof; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered at any time from and after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree with such of the Claimants commonly called New Renters, as shall not have been agreed with, upon such Terms as the Majority of the New Renters have consented to accept and take; and in and by the fame or any other similar Deed, Instrument or Writing, to grant a like Rent Charge of One Shilling and Three pence for each Night of Performance at the said intended new Theatre, and free Admission thereto, to and for the Use and Benefit of such New Renters as the said Committee shall so contract with, but subject to the Directions herein contained respecting such Agreements and Claims.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Claimants called New Renters shall not have been discovered, or shall not by the said Committee have been agreed with at the time when the said Nightly Rent Charges of One Shilling and Three pence shall become payable, dr within Three Calendar Months next thereafter, then the said Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to lay out and invest in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Trustees for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, so much Money as would have become due and payable in respect of the Nightly Performances to the New Renters who shall not have been discovered, or shall not have been agreed with, in case they should respectively agree to accept such Compensations as aforesaid for their respective Claims, to be transferred and paid, with the Dividends and Accumulations thereon, to the Person or Persons respectively claiming as New Renters, upon their respectively agreeing and consenting to accept such Compensations, such Persons respectively having first manifested their Title to the same to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, or their Counsel learned in the Law; but subject nevertheless to the several Provisions herein after contained respecting such Claimants as shall not have been discovered.

7 E 2 X. And

Compensations when accepted, Discharge for Claims.

If Claimants commence Proceedings in respect of Claims, or give Notice not to accept Compensation, Stock, &c. transferred to Company in Augmentation of Fund.

Company auth*. rized to.fulfil Agreements with New Renters, Sec.

Rent Charge and Right ff Charge upon Theatre.

Committee empowered to contract with New Reuters.

Committee to make Provision for undiscovered New Reuters.

After Execution of Deed of Rent Charges, Sec* former Rent Charge, kc. and all Arrears to eeafe, and Theatre discharged.

Proviso for Near Renters.

Agreements entered into with Claimants, valid*

C.xix.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Agreements with Renters may in certain safes be made veld.

Claimants not agreeing to take Compensations may resort to Remedies entitled to immediately before passing of Act.

Persons willing to accept Coro-pensation, but unable to substantiate Claim <0 Satisfaction of Committee, may bring Actions, lec. for Recovery.

Claimants may fbbftribe all or Part of Compensations, and entitled to Admis-ftons as other ftubferibers.

Securities gWen to Claimants mho have agreed to podpooe PayaMAta.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Execution of the said Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing for securing the Payment of the said Nightly Rent Chargea of One Shilling and Three pence and Right of Admission, the several Rent Chargea of Two Shillings and Six pence for every Night of Performance at the said late Theatre and Right of Admission, granted in pursuance of a certain Indenture bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, so far as regards the Parties consenting to accept the said Compensation of One Shilling and Three pence nightly and Right of Admission shall cease; and the said intended new Theatre, and the Property and Patents thereto belonging, shall be for ever discharged therefrom, and of and from all Arrears thereof.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming as a New Renter, who shall not have agreed to accept such Compensation or Compensations as is and are hereinbefore described, his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall he entitled to, and may use orexercise all such Right and Remedy at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of his, her or their Right, Interest or Claim, as he, she or they would have been entitled unto if the said recited Act or this Act had not been passed; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xlf. And be it further enacted, That as well the said Agreements entered into by or on the Behalf of the said Committee with the said New Renters, as all and every the Agreements made by the said Committee with any other Annuitant, Renter or Claimant on the said late Theatre, Patents and Property, and with the several Proprietors and Parties beneficially and ultimately interested in the Property of the said late Theatre and the Profits thereof, shall be good and valid, notwithstanding the fame may not be fulfilled and performed on or before the Day or Days respectively appointed for the Performance thereof, so as the fame be performed by and on the Part of the said Committee on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and the said intended Theatre shall then have been built and completed, and ready for the Representation of Plays.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Annuitant, Renter or Creditor, (fare and except such New Renters as aforesaid) who shall have signed any or either of the said Agreements, shall within one Month after the passing of this Act, by Notice in Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, to the Secretary of the said Committee, signify his, her or their Iotention, that the Agreements signed or entered into by him, her or them shall be void, by reason of any Matter or Thing therein contained not being done and performed at the time or times limited for. that Purpose, that then the Person or Persons giving such Notice shall be discharged from such Agreement not so performed, and he, she or they shall and may have, use and exercise such and the fame Powers and Remedies at Law or in Equity for the Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Right, Interest or Claim, as he, she or they would have been entitled to if the said recited Act or this Act had not been made; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Renter or Renters, Annuitant or Annuitants, save and except such New Renters as aforesaid, having any Right, Title or Interest in or to, or Incumbrance, Charge, Claim or Demand upon the said late Theatre, or the Patents, Scite or Property or Profits thereof, who have not agreed or shall not agree to accept and take such Compensation or Compensations as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Rights and Remedies at Law or in Equity as he, she or they would have been entitled unto for Recovery of the Value of his, her or their Share or Shares, Right or Interest in the fame, as he, she or they would have been entitled to if the said recited Act or this Act had not been made; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Renter, Annuitant or other Person having or claiming to have any Right, Title or Interest, in, to or upon any of the Funds or Property of the said late Theatre, and who shall be desirous and willing to accept of such Compensation as aforesaid from the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee for the time being, but shall be unable to substantiate such his or her Claim, Right or Title to such Compensation, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee, to commence any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits against the said Company of Proprietors, for the Recovery of such Compensation; and the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to pay such Compensation to the Person or Persons who shall by any such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, have substantiated his, her or their Claim, Right or Title thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, to contract and agree with any and every Claimant upon the said Theatre, Property and Patents, for the Grant or Admission to or of such Claimant or Claimants to any Share or any Number of Shares in the said Undertaking partly or wholly in Satisfaction of such Compensation, as the said Committee and the said Claimant or Claimants may agree upon in respect of the Claim or Interest of such Claimant or Claimants in the said Theatre Property; and thereupon such Claimant or Claimants shall be taken and considered to be a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall be entitled to all Profits, Privileges and Advantages of or in the fame, iu respect of the Share and Shares to which such Claimant or Claimants shall be admitted, as if he, she or they had subscribed for and paid the full Sum of Ope hundred Pounds for each and every such Share; any thing in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII/And be it further enacted, That the Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five of them, at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, shall, and lawfully may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to give Bonds as and for the Bonds of the said Company of Proprietors, with their Common Seal affixed thereto, unto the several Persons who may or shall have contented to the Postponemeot

6

A.D. 1812.

52 GEORGII III.

C.xix. 1125

of their respectivfc Claims until after the building of the said intended Theatre shall have been completed, or in

Satisfaction of any Debtor Debts incurred or to be incurred for the building, finishing or furnishing the fame

as Security or Securities for the Payment of any Sum or Sums which may have been agreed to be paid and

tajeen m Satisfaction of such Claim or Claims, Debt or Debts respectively; such Bonds to bear Interest at the

Kate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Sums so to be secured by such Bonds respectively, and the Interest thereupon to commence from the Day of the opening of the said intended new Theatre, or from the respective Dates theiWf, and the Payment of the Principal Money and Interest upon the said Bonds to be

thereby secured out of the Receipts of the said intended Theatre, at such Periods as shall be agreed upon by the said Committee, and such several Persons respectively 5 and which said Bond or Bonds, when executed, shall stand next in Priority to the said Nightly Rent Charges of One Shilling and Three pence, and shall be good and

valid, and the same are hereby respectively confirmed; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the con- Number of

trary thereof notwithstanding: Provided that such Bond so given (haHlefTen the Number of Shares to be taken Shares leaned

by the said Company for raising the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, by the Amount of the Prin- in Proportion tn

cipal Money to be feented by such Bonds, Amount of

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Committee for jven

the time being to issue or execute any Bond or Bonds, or to give any Security or Securities under the Com- for^fly^um^efs mon Seal of the said Company, or on their Behalf, in Consideration or Satisfaction for any Sum or Sums less than Amount than the Amount of the Sum or Sums for which the said bond or Bonds shall purport to be issued, and shall for which Bonds have been executed respectively. purport to be

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Committee for the time being of the said Com- J?, e d*. pany of Proprietors shall, after the executing and issuing all or any of such Bond or Bonds, be desirous of discharge Bonds paying off all or any such Bond or Bonds or any Part thereof, that then and thereupon, and a9 often as they by Shares of shall to think fit, they shall and may be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to raise by Subscriptions, iool. each, not by Shares of One hundred Pounds each, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Amount of the exceeding Principal Money due and secured in and by inch Bond or Bonds from time to time intended to be paid off, cifor*1" and to pay and apply the Money from time to time £0 to be subscribed and raised in paying off and discharging which Bonds all or any such Bond or Bonds respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof 5 any thing in the said recited Act given, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money due and owing from any and Application of every the Society or Societies, Company or Companies, established for the Insurance of Buildings or other Money insured Property from Fire, in respect of the Insurance of the said late Theatre from Fire, shall be paid to Samuel on Theatre. Whitbread* Peter Moore and Harvey Christian Combe, Esquires, the Trustees named in the said Act, whose

Receipt or Receipts, or the Receipt or Receipts of any Two of them, shall be good and sufficient Discharge or Discharges for the fame; and such Monies shall, under the Order and Direction of the said Committee, be by the said Trustees laid out and applied in and towards the building and completing of the said intended new Theatre.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons by whom or in Application of whose Name or Names any and every Insurance or Insurances hath or have been made or effected, in, by or Money insured with any and every of the said Society or Societies, Company or Companies, for or in respect of the Ward- on Wardrobe, robe, Scenery, Machinery or other like Property of or belonging to the said late Theatre, and they are hereby &c> required to pay to the said Samuel Whitbread» Peter Moore and Harvey Christian Combe, the Trustees in the

above recited Act named, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so insured, first deducting thereout such Sum or Sums of Money as shall by the said Person or Persons have been applied and expended respectively, in and towards the Protection of the Property remaining upon the Scite of the said late Theatre after the said Fire, or to which such Persons may be liable on account thereof, and other Payments and Expences, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, to be by the said Trustees, in the said recited Act named, applied in and towards the completing and finishing the said intended Theatre, the Machinery,

Scenery, Music and Decorations thereof; and it is hereby declared, that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Samuel Whitbread, Peter Moore and Harvey Christian Combe, or of any Two of them, shall be good and sufficient Discharge or Discharges for all and every nich Sum and Sums of Money £0 to be received.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee of the said Company of Part of Suhfcrip-Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered, out of the Money already subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed, tions applied rounder the Authority of this or the said recited Act, after Payment for the said Share of the said Letters Pa- completing tent as directed by the said recited Act, to apply in the first Place, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Theatre-together One Half of the Amount of the whole Monies ft> subscribed or to be subscribed, when and as the said Committee shall feeOccasion, in and towards completing and finishing the said intended new Theatre, and the Offices and Buildings belonging thereto, and in purenafing, making and completing the Scenery, Ma* chinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Music, Decorations and other Appendages thereto, and otherwise for carrying the Purposes of this and the said recited Act into Execution $ any thing in this or the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee for the time being, or Committee to any Five of them, at any Meeting or Meetings duly convened for that, Purpose, and they are hereby autuo-rized at any time or times after the passing this Act, to grant any Lease or Leases under the Common Seal of upon'certain*5* the said Company, of any Box or Boxes in the said intended new Theatre, as and in the Nature of Private Box Conditions, or Boxes, the Number of which Private Boxes before the Orchestra shall not at any one time exceed Fourteen, exclusively of the Boxes to be reserved for His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Grace the Duke of Bedford, the Box to be reserved for Thomas Coutts Esquire, and also the Box to be appropriated for the Widow

of

1126 C.xix.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

Lesfet, frc. To granted valid.

Amount of Sums vecefred for Private Boxes, &c. to lcflen Number of Shares subscribed in Broportion. Committee may grant Leases, Sic

Subscribers of Shares, or Nominees, entitled to free Admission to Boxes, &c.

Provisix

FreeAdmHTie regulated by Committee.

of the late David Garrtclt Esquire, during- the Term of her natural Life, (any Condition made by or on the Part of the said new Renters to the contrary thereof notwithstanding) with an exclusive Right of Admission to such Boxes on every Night of Theatrical Performance at the said intended new Theatre, for such Coo-sideration or Considerations in Money as the said Committee can reasonably obtain for the fame 5 and the Coo-sideration or Considerations for the Grant or Grants of such Lease or Leases of such Private Box or Private Boxes, or any Part thereof, may be made payable in Advance before the said intended new Theatre shall be completed, if the said Committee shall so think fit; and every such Lease or Leases to be subject to such it-served Rent, Covenants, Conditions and Agreements, as the said Committee at any such Meeting or Meeting shall think proper to be reserved by and inserted in any such Lease or Leases respectively: Provided that the said Private Boxes before the Orchestra shall not, nor shall any or either of them be granted for any longer Term or Terms than Twenty one Years; nor shall any such Grant or Grants contain any Covenant for Renewal.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Execution of such Lease or Leases in manner aforesaid, and the Payment of the full Consideration Money or Monies therein expressed to be paid, or a Part thereof, the fame shall, subject to the Rent and Rents, Covenants, Conditions and Agreements to be thereby and therein respectively reierved and contained, be good and valid; and the Consideration or Consideration* to be received for the Grant or Grants of every such Lease or Leases shall be applied by the said Committee in and towards completing the said intended new Theatre, for the Representation of Plays; and after the same shall have been so completed, then the said Consideration or Considerations, Rent or Rents, and all other Sum or Sums of Money which shall thenceforth be from time to time received by the said Committee on account thereof, shall be applied by them for the Purpose of discharging any Claim or any Bond or Debt contracted for the building, completing and furnishing the said intended new Theatre, and then and thereafter for such Purposes as they shall deem necessary for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Amount of the several Sum or Sums of Money which from time to time shall be paid to the said Committee, as the Consideration for granting such Lease or Lease* respectively, shall lessen the Number of Shares for raising the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds to be taken by the said Company of Proprietors in the Proportion such Consideration or Considerations would amount to in Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said intended new Theatre shall have been built, completed, finished and made ready for the Represen tation of Plays, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee for the time being, or any Five of them, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall so think fit, to make, grant and execute any I^ease or Leases, under the Common Seal of the said Company, of the said intended new Theatre, or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rooms, Offices, Houses, Buildings or Grounds thereunto belonging, or of the Profits of the said intended new Theatre, for such Yearly Rent or Rents, yearly Consideration or Considerations as the said Committee shall on the Part of the said Company be able to obtain, or of the Profits of the said intended Theatre; which Sum or Sums of Money so anfing from or on account of the said Rent or Rents, Consideration or Considerations, shall be by the said Committee from time to time applied for and towards the Discharge of the Nightly Payments by this Act directed to be paid, and of the Interest accruing upon, or the Principal of any Bond or Bonds issued under the Common Seal of the said Company, and then and thereafter for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors 5 any thing in this Act or the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding 5 subject nevertheless to the Claimj and Demands of all and every Perfo/is and Person for any Right or Interest therein, for which Compensatio* shall not have been accepted in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Subscriber of Five Shares of One hundred Pounds etch towards the Capital Sum to be raised for the Purpose of rebuilding the said Theatre shall, upon and after the complete Payment of all the Instalments due and to become due upon the said Shares so subscribed, be entitled to nominate and appoint one Person who shall have free Admidion to the said Theatre, into the public Boxes, Pit and Galleries thereof, at every Theatrical Performance which shall take place at such Theatre, for and during the natural Life of such Nominee 5 which said free Admidion shall not be transferrable; and that every Subscriber of Ten Shares shall be entitled to nominate and appoint Two Persons who shall each have free Ad-millions under the Conditions hereinbefore described, and so on in the Proportion of One Nominee for every Five Shares subscribed by any one Subscriber: Provided always, that each and every Subscriber entitled to nominate to such free Admission or Admissions, in right of his or her Subscription respectively as aforesaid, shall and is hereby required to deliver in Writing under his or her Hand to the Secretary of the said Committee for the time being, Seven Days at the leaf? previous to the Exercise of such Right or Rights of free Admission, the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons as he or she may think proper to nominate and appoint, as the Person or Persons to be entitled on his or her Behalf to such free Admission as aforesaid; which Nomination and Nominations, Appointment and Appointments, shall forthwith upon the Receipt of such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, be by the said Secretary registered in a Book, which is hereby directed to be kept by the said Committee for the time being for that special Purpose, and every Nomination so registered shall be final and irrevocable.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the free Admission to the said intended new Theatre, a* well of the Nominees of such Subscribers of Five or more Shares, as by virtue of the Grants of free Admission madecr executed, or to be made or executed to any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act or otherwise, and every other free Admission in or to any Part of the said intended new Theatre, shall be subject and liable to such Regulations and Conditions^ the Sub Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, hero*

after

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C.xix. 1127

after directed to be formed for the Management of the said Theatre and Theatrical Performances, shall from time to time deem necessary or expedient, and shall make for the Government and Management of the said intended new Theatre, for the Prevention of Frauds, relative to Admissions thereto; and all such Regulations and Conditions shall be good and valid; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs that the Plan for the future 5° (c.ccxir. Government and Condudof the said intended new Theatre Property, shall be submitted to a General Meeting*d

of the said Company to be specially called by Advertisements in The London Gazette, and such of the London epC C*Newspapers as the said Committee shall think proper, at lead Three Months previous to the opening of the said intended Theatre, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the present Committee (their Number being first made up to the Elellion of a full Number of Twenty one), or any Seven of them, at a Meeting to be convened by them for that special Pur- Sub Committee pose, shall and they are hereby directed to name any Five of the said Committee, being Subscribers for not less than Five Shares each, to be a Sub Committee for the Management of the said Theatre and Theatrical Per- nagement Df" formances; and that whenever and as soon as such Sub Committee shall have been so appointed and named for Theatre, the Management of the said Theatre and Theatrical Performances, Notice thereof shall be given in The Lon- Notice given of don Gazette, and Four London Daily Newspapers at the lead; and the said Committee are hereby authorized General Meet-and directed to give such Notice accordingly, and at the same time to convene a General Assembly of the Sub-^feribers to the said Theatre, to be held on a Day to be named in the said Advertisement, which General Af- mittee. fembly shall be fixed on some Day not less than Seven and not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Publication of the said Advertisement, for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the Propriety of the Nomination of the said Sub Committee of Management; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Subscribers so assembled General Meet-at such General Assembly so directed to be convened as aforesaid, or a Majority of them, to adopt or rejeH all , n? ay acj°j>t or or any of the Persons so named by the said Committee to be a first Sub Committee of Management, and OfSub*" to substitute any other Person or Persons being Members of the said Committee, and being Subscribers for not Committee, less than Five Shares each, for and in the Room of any Person or Persons so rejeHed; and such Sub Committee of Management so eleHed. constituted and approved, shall aH without any Fee, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, save and except the Profit which may arise from the beneficial Interest to which such Persons so conlli-tuting the said Sub Committee of Management respectively may be entitled by virtue and in respect of the Subscription Shares held by each such Person in common with the other Subscribers to the said Theatre; which Sub Committee from and immediately after being so constituted, eleHed and approved, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and directed, to form and arrange the Plan for the Government and Management of the said intended Theatre, and to engage all such Performers and other Persons as by the said recited Act are authorized to be employed in, about and for the said intended new Theatre, and the Affairs thereof, in such manner and on such Terms, and with such Salaries and Allowances, as such Sub Committee shall from time to time deem expedient for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it cnaHed, That such Plan and Regulations for the Government and Ma- Plan and Regu-

nagement of the said intended Theatre, may from time to time be continued or altered by such first Sub Com- lations for Ma-mittee, during the time they shall continue such Sub Committee, or by any future Sub Committee to be elected JJJScment under this Act; but no such Alteration shall extend to the cancelling or altering the Terms of any positive ma

Engagement or Appointment, Engagements or Appointments entered into by such first Sub Committee, or any subsequent Sub Committee for any certain Term or Terms of Years with any Performer or Performers, or other Person or Persons as above mentioned; and such first Sub Committee, and all future Sub Committees from time to time to be eleHed, shall also have and be veiled with the like Powers and Authorities for the Management of the said Theatre and Theatrical Performances as are by this Act and by the said recited Act given to and vested in the present Committee; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further cnaHed, That so much of the said Act as direHs that the first Committee shall continue in Office until Three Months after the opjuing of the said Theatre, and that on such Day Seven of the said Committee shall go out of Office and cease to be upon the Committee of the said Company,

shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the present Committee, and such first Sub Committee so to be eleHed, constituted and approved as is hereinbefore directed, shall respectively continue and remain for the respective Purposes above mentioned, until Three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Third Season of Theatrical Performances at the said intended Theatre, and exercise all such Powers and Authorities as are given to and vested in them under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and until the ElcHion of another General Committee and Sub Committee shall have respectively taken place pursuant to the Directions herein contained; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

And in case any Member or Members of the said Committee, or of the Sub Committee so to be eleHed, constituted and approved as aforesaid, shall die, resign or become incapable of aHing in, or signify in Writing his Desire to be discharged from such Committee or Sub Committee, the said Committee shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to cleH another or others qualified as aforesaid in the Stead of such Member or Members so dying, resigning or becoming incapable, or desiring to be discharged as aforesaid* to be Member or Members of such Committee and Sub Committee respectively.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That 3t the first General Assembly which shall take place after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Conclusion of the said Third Season of Theatrical Performances, Six of the first Committee appointed and eleHed under the said recited Act and this Act

shall

50 G. 3. c. ccxiv^jo. how far repealed.

Committee and Sub Committee continued for longer Period.

General Aflenably of Proprietors to ballot for Six of Commit-

1128

tee, who are to to out t»y Rotation.

Members of Sub Committee not re-elected at next Assembly, to continue till Places supplied.

Committee empowered to fill up Vacancies in Sub Committee.

Members of General or Sub Committee may be re-elected.

In cases of Vacancy in General or Sub Committee, others appointed.

50 G. 3. c. ccxiv.

Trustees to continue on Committee.

Cxix. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

shall be withdrawn by Ballot from the said Committee, (except the Trustees for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall always remain and continue, and form Part of every General Committee for the time being of the said Company) and their Numbers shall be replaced in the manner by the said recited Act directed, as to the withdrawing and replacing Seven of the said Committee 5 and it shall and may be lawful for the new Committee, or any Seven of them, and they are hereby directed, at a Meeting to be forthwith convened for that special Purpose, to nominate and elect a Sub Committee of Management, according to the Rules and Regulations hereinbefore contained for such Nomination and Election, which Sub Committee of Management shall be taken to be and be in the Place of such original Sub Committee of Management so to be nrft elected, constituted and approved as aforesaid, and shall be veiled with all the Powers by this Act given to the said first Sub Committee of Management; which said General Committee and Sub Committee so respectively to be appointed, nominated and elected, shall continue for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the then next succeeding Season of Theatrical Performance, or until another Committee and Sub Committee of Management shall hare been nominated and elected in the Room of the said General Committee or of the said Sub Committee; and such Nomination and Election of such General Committee and such Sub Committee respectively shall take place in each and every succeeding Year at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Close of the then next preceding Season of Theatrical Performances, and each such General Committee and Sub Committee so successively elected, constituted and approved, shall be and they are hereby in veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as are by the said recited Act and by this Act respectively given to the first General Committee and the first Sub Committee of Management so hereby directed to be elected, constituted and approved; and each such successive General Committee and Sub Committee shall continue in Office respectively, and continue to be vetted with such Powers and Authorities, until the Nomination and Election of another General Committee and Sub Committee respectively, in the Room thereof, and no longer.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any General Assembly to be held according to the Forms and at the times in the said recited Act directed, for the Purpose of electing Members to supply the Places of Members going out by Ballot or Rotation from such General Committee, it shall so happen that any One or more or all of the Members constituting the said Sub Committee of Management for the time being, shall be withdrawn by Ballot or Rotation, and shall not be re-elected into the said General Committee, then and in such case, each such Member of such Sub Committee so withdrawn by Ballot or Rotation from the General Committee, shall nevertheless continue to act as Member or Members of such Sub Committee of Management, until a fresh Election and Nomination, in the Room of such Member or Members so withdrawn shall have taken place according to the Forms herein prescribed.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every such case such Committee shall, on the Day immediately succeeding the Day ou which such Vacancy or Vacancies shall have been created in the said Sub Committee of Management in the manner aforesaid, or as soon after as conveniently may be, not exceeding Ten Days from the Day on which such Vacancy or Vacancies shall have taken place, and they, or any Seven of them, are hereby directed to nominate and elect some other Person or Persons, being Members of the said Committee, and duly qualified as aforesaid, to be Member or Members of the said Sub Committee in the Room of the Member or Members so withdrawn as aforesaid; and such Member or Members so elected shall be and is and are hereby veiled with all and the like Powers as aforesaid, and shall continue in Office for the same Period and under the fame Conditions, as if he or they had been in the ordinary Course elected, nominated and appointed Members of such Sub Committee of Management, and no longer: Provided also, that all or any of the Six Persons who shall from time to time, by Ballot or Rotation, go out of Office as above mentioned, and all or any of such Sub Committee who from time to time shall go out of Office in the manner herein prescribed, shall and may from time to time be re-elected Member or Members of the said Committee or Sub Committee, and thereupon shall be Member or Members of the said General Committee or of the dud Sub Committee to which he or they shall from time to time so respectively be re-elected, as effectuaDy as if he or they had not previously been a Member or Members of such General or Sub Committee; anything in this or the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in cate any Person or Persons who shall have been nominated or elected a Member or Members of the said General Committee or of the said Sub Committee for the time being, under and by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall die or decline toad or become incapable of acting in such Committee or Sub Committee, (such Person or Persons, if heortbey shall decline to act in either of such Committees, having first given Two Calendar Months Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, of his or their Intention not to act as a Member or Members of such General or Sub Committee, as the case may be, which Notice such Member or Members is and are hereby respectively required to give under his or their Hand or Hands, directed to the Secretary for the time being, of the said Committee), that then and in either and every of such cases, and as often as it shall so happen, some other Person or Persons shall be named, appointed and elected to be a Member or Members of such General Committee or Sub Committee, in the Room of such Member or Members who shall from time to time die, decline to act, or be incapable of acting in such General Committee or Sub Committee, in such and the fane manner as is directed for the Election of such Committee and Sub Committee, and when so elected shall be vetted with the like Powers as are given and directed in and by virtue of this Act, or in the said recited Act, and not herein and hereby repealed, altered or varied; any thing in this Act or in the said recited Act respectively contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the time being named in the said recited Act, and the Trustees from time to time hereafter to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or the Majority of them,

shall

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. Cxix. 1129

shall from time to time appoint the Banker or Bankers to the said Company of Proprietors, where the said

new Theatre Accounts and Monies shall be kept; and from time to time shall and may change such Banker or Bankers, and in his or their Stead appoint any other Banker or Bankers as they may think proper; and

that such Trustees for the time being shall always remain and continue to be and form Part of every future

General Committee of the said Company 5 any tiling in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the

contrary thereof notwithstanding: And in case any of the Trustees named and appointed by the said recited Appointment of

Ad, or any Trustee or Trustees herein after to be named or appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall die, or New Trustees.

decline to continue or become incapable of acting as such Trustee or Trustees, (such Trustee or Trustees

who shall at any time or times decline to ad, having first given Two Calendar Months Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands of his or their Intention to that Effect, which Notice he or they are hereby

respectively required to give under his or their Hand or Hands, directed to the Secretanr for the time being,

of the said Committee), then and in any or either of such cases, and so often as the same shall occur, the

Committee of the said Company for the time being shall and may and they are hereby authorized and directed

at any Meeting or Meetings duly convened for that special Purpose, to nominate and elect a new Trustee or Trustees, being a Holder or Holders of not less than Five Shares each in the said Undertaking, in the Room

of such Trustee or Trustees who shall so die, or decline to continue or become incapable of continuing such

Trustee or Trustees 5 and such new Trustee or Trustees shall be veiled with such and the like Powers and

Authorities as the Trustee or Trustees who shall so die, decline or become incapable of acting as aforesaid; any

thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided, provife.

that it shall not be lawful for any of the said Trustees, directly or indirectly, to derive, obtain or receive for

himself, or for any other than the said Company of Proprietors, any Profit, Emolument or Advantage whatsoever, for or by reason of the Appointment of any such Banker or Bankers, or for, by or from the Uepofit,

Investment, Use or Interest, of any of the Money of the said Company.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Company authe-Proprietors, and their Successors for the time being, to make and effect any Insurance or Insurances on the jj*ed to insure said intended Theatre, and the Wardrobe, Scenery, Machinery, Furniture, Books, Music and other Property T"* which shall at any time or times belong to the said Theatre, against Loss or Damage by Fire.

XL. And, to the Intent that the lame may be carried into Effect, be it enacted, That it shall and may be Fund established lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and they are hereby directed to cause for x*ut F01?0* a Stock or Fund to be created and established by and from the Yearly Payment of Five Shillings upon every Share of One hundred Pounds each, subscribed or to be subscribed by the said Company of Proprietors for rebuilding the said intended Theatre, and carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act into Effect, until the Fund so to be created and established shall have amounted to the Capital Stock of Twenty five thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, for and towards creating the said Insurance Fund, Committee emit shall and may be lawful, and the Committee for the time being are hereby empowered and directed, from and out of the Interest and Profits which may arise out of the said Capital Stock so subscribed or to be subscribed pj.0fifs of shares for building the said Theatre, to dedud Five Shillings out of every Sum or Sums of Money so arising or be- applied towards coming payable upon each and every One hundred rounds Share of such Capital Stock, to be applied and forming Infu-carried to the said Insurance Fund so directed to be formed. rance Fund#

XLII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Sum or Sums of Money so from time to time payable The fame hiveft-and to be paid for the said last mentioned Purpose of creating the said Insurance Fund, shall from time to time* in Fun*«* as the same shall arise or be received as aforesaid, be laid out in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Trustees of the said Company of Proprietors for the time being, and together with the Dividends arising therefrom shall be vetted in the Trustees for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors, as Trustees of the Theatre Royal Drury Lane Company of Proprietors, and shall form and be an accumulating Fund, until the same shall amount to the Capital Stock or Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds Three Pounds ter Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities; when the Deductions from such Annual Payments on account of such Insurance Fund shall cease and be no longer made, unless the General Committee for the time being shall deem it expedient to increase the said Capital Stock higher than the Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds Capital Stock herein mentioned; and which the said Committee are hereby authorized to do from time to time, if such Committee for the time being shall deem it advisable for the Benefit of the said Company so to do.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Damage by Fire shall Insurance Tuni happen to the said Theatre or Property, the said Fund or Capital Stock, and the Dividends so to accumulate, necessary to or so much thereof as shall be necessary, shall be transferred to and taken and received by the General Committe for the time being, of the said Company of Proprietors, and applied from time to time, for and towards ferfe(j

repairing and making good the Damage or Damages so occasioned by Fire, and all Expences, Cods and Committee. T Charges attending thereupon.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever and so soon as the said Fund so to be When Fund created shall, together with the Dividends accruing thereupon, amount to the Capital Sum of Twenty five shall amount to thousand Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or to such larger Sum of Capital Stock as the said Committee for the time being shall think proper to direct, then and in such case, and so long cormnhteedi- as the said Fund so created shall not be called for or applied towards the repairing, making good or rebuilding, rets ed to apply hi consequence of any Damage done by Fire to the said Theatre or Property thereof, the Dividends arising Dividends lor therefrom shall be applied in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, in the first flace, in and c#ruin Purposes, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance which may have been createaor be then existing upon the 52 Geo. III. 7 F faib

1130 Cxix.

52 GEORGII IIl.

A.D. 1812.

When Fund reduced, Committee may again dcduft 5s. from Profits of each Share.

laid Theatre Property, or any Part thereof, in the Order or according to the Priority in point of Date in which such Debts or Incumbrance* may respectively stand, or in case* where no Claim of Priority shall exist with regard to such Debts or Incumbrances, in such Order or Succession as the said Committee for the time being shall appoint; and from and after the Payment of all such Debts and Incumbrances, then and thereafter the Dividends arising therefrom shall be paid and payable to such Proprietor or Proprietors for the time being, or his, her or their RepresenUtives, in Proportion to the Share or Shares held by each such Proprietor, his her or their Representatives respectively.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in cate and £0. often as aay Part of such accumulating Fund or Capital Stock, or any Part thereof, after the same shall have so accumulated to the said Capital Stock of Twenty five thousand Pounds, or to such other Sum of Capital Stock over and above the said Capital Stock or Sum of Twenty five thousand Pounds, as the said Committee for the time being shall think proper to direct as aforesaid, shall have been ufied and applied towards rebuilding, repairing or making good any Damage or Loss which may have been occasioued to the said Theatre Property by Fire, that then and from thenceforth, and as often as such Capital Stock shall have been so reduced, by the Payments aforesaid on account of such Damage so occasioned by Fire, the said Committee for the time being are hereby authorized and directed to dedud yearly and every Year the Sum of Five Shillings from and out of the interests and Profits from time to time arising or becoming payable upon each and every One hundred Pounds Share of the said Capital Stock so subscribed or to be subscribed for building the said Theatre, and the other Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, to be applied and carried to the Uid Insurance Fund so directed to be formed until the said Capital Stock or Fund of Twenty five thousand Pounds Three Pounds fer Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or such higher Capital Stock or Fund as the said Committee for the time being shall think proper to direct, shall have been created, and then and thenceforth to be again applied as aforesaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Insurance Fund, so to be created as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby directed to be in Addition to and exclusive of any Sum or Sums which shall hereafter be insured in any of the Societies or Companies created or to be created for the Purpose of Insurance again (I Damage by Fire, by virtue of any Agreement or Agreements, Covenant or Covenants, entered into or to be entered into by and between His Grace the Duke of Bedford as Landlord, and the said Committee on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors or any other Insurance or Insurances to be so effected by the said Committee on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no Part of such Insurance Fund so to be created by virtue of this Act, shall be applied for and towards the repairing, making good or rebuilding the said Theatre, or Buildings belonging to or forming Part thereof, which may have been damaged or destroyed by Fire, until all and every the Sum or Sums so insured, or to be insured by virtue of such Agreement or Agreements, Covenant or Covenants as aforesaid, or otherwise as aforesaid shall have been so expended.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Committee for the time bring of the said Company, and they are hereby authorized to make such Bye-Laws, Ordinances and Regulations, and from time to time to alter and amend the fame, for the Management and Government of the said Theatre and the Property and Concerns thereof, not repugnant to or inconsistent with the said recited Act and this Act, as such Committee for the time being of the said Company of Proprietors shall from time to time deem expedient and necessary; and that such Bye-Laws, Ordinances and Regulations, from time to time to be made, shall, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame had been mentioned and enacted in this Act.

XLIX. And whereas the said Committee (ince the passing of the said Act have made diligent Enquiry touching the several Claimants on the said late Theatre and the Property thereof; but the said Committee, notwithstanding their utmost Endeavours, have not been able to discover sll the Persons interfiled therein,

but such Persons now remaining undiscovered are few in Number; and inasmuch as it will be highly prejudicial and ruinous to the interests of the great Majority of the several Classes of Claimants in or upon the said late Theatre and Property, and who have consented to accept and take Compensations for the same, unless such Property and the said intended new Theatre were respectively vested in the said Company of Proprietors, subject to such of the Provisions of the said recited Act as are not hereby altered or repealed, and also subject to the Provisions of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That, from and immediately after the said intended new Theatre, shall have been fini(bed, fit for the Representation of Plays, the said intended new Theatre, and all and singular the Scenery, Machinery, Wardrobe, Furniture, Fixtures, Mufie, Articles, Matters and Things, and all the Erections and Buildings thereunto respectively belonging, and all and every the Patents, Licences and Property of or belonging to the said late Theatre, shall (subject to such of the Provisions of the said recited Act as are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, and also subject to the Provisions of this Act, and also subject to the Rights, Titles, Interefis, Claims and Demands of all and every Person and Persons whomsoever for the Value of his, her and their respective Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims or Demands in or upon the fame, as shall not have consented to accept Compensation9 for such Rights, Titles, Interests, Clahni and Demands respectively) be and become veiled in, and the same are hereby respectively vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, for the general Purposes of this Act. i Act t li ^urt^er enacted, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Enadments, Powers, Pro-

altored or rev^oe8» Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, or all and every such of them, and all such peeled) extended Farts thereof as are not hereby repealed, altered or varied, shall continue and remain in full Force and Effect, to Act. and shall be applied and extended, and be construed, deemed and taken to apply to this Act, at fully

and effectually to kll Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been re-enacted in the Body 01 this Act.

8 LI. Provided

Insurance Fund to be in Addition to Sum insured by Com-panyxt Infur-snee Offices.

No Part of In-fnrance Fund used until Lft mentioned Money insured expended. Committee may make Bye-Law*.

New Tlieatre, when erected and finished, vested in Comity-

Pjroviion* of

v^»

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C.xix — -xxv. 1131

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Trustees, Committee and Sub Com- Trustees, &c. mitlee for the time being of the said Theatre or Company of Proprietors, or any or either of them, their or °nly acc^7£alll# any of their Executors or Administrators, shall not be answerable or accountable, aoy or either of them, for torown the others or other of them, or for the Acts, Receipts, Neglects or Defaults of any other or others of them; nor shall they or any or either of them be answerable or accountable for any more Monies than what shall be received by or actually come to his or their Hands by virtue of or under the Trulls and Powers aforesaid; nor shall they or any or either of them be answerable or accountable for any Dank, Bankers or other Persons with whom or in whose Hands any Monies or Securities of or belonging to the said Company of Proprietors shall or may be deposited or lodged, in the Execution of the aforesaid Trulls or Powers 5 nor with or for any other Loss, Damage or Misfortune which may happen in the Execution of the aforesaid Trulls and Powers, or any or either of them, or in relation thereto; but shall be acquitted and saved harmless by the said Company of Proprietors in respect of all such Acts, Matters and Things as shall he done by them or any or either of them, under the said recited Act or of this present Act, or in the Management and Execution of the several Trulls and Powers in them respectively reposed, or to be referred as aforesaid, and of and from all Actions, Suits, Damages, Claims and Demands in respect thereof 5 and also that they the said Trustees and other the Members of the said Committee, and such Committee and the Trustees for the time being respectively, his and their respective Executors and Administrators and every of them, shall be re-imbursed and Trustees, &c. paid by and out of the Stock or Monies for the time being to the said Theatre and Company of Proprietors Paid &c* belonging, all such Loss, Colls, Charges, Damages and Expences, as they and every or any of them shall bear, pay, suffer, sustain, expend or be put unto, for or by reason or on account of any of the Trulls, Powers and Authorities in them reposed, or to be reposed as aforesaid, or in the Management or Execution thereof, or of any other Matter, Cause or Thing whatsoever, in any wise relating thereto.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall pay and discharge all the Expences of Ad Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and the Expences incident thereto, and of investigating PJd. the Title of the Proprietors and Claimants on the said Premises and Patents, and obtaining Conveyances ana Assignments thereof, and such other Expences as they may be put to in the Execution of this Trull, with and out of any of the Monies already subscribed or hereafter to be subscribed by the said Company as aforesaid,

LIII. Saving always to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successfors, and to all and every Genenl S*vtog. other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Right, Title and Interest (other than such as is and are hereby expressed, and intended to be compensated for, barred and extinguished) as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had or enjoyed of, in, to or out of, the said late Theatre, or the Patents, Property or Profits thereof, in case this Act had not been made.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be p, ahc mk. judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xx.

An Act to cfnable the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin to raise a sufficient Sum of Money, by Pivfent- 26G. 3.(1.) c. 14 ment, for completing the rebuilding Lucan Bridge over the River Anna Liffey at Lucan, in the Parish of Lucan in the County of Dublin.

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hedon to Hull, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of York. (r) £20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hull to Beverley, and from Newland Bridge to Cottingham, in the County of York, (c) [20th March 1812.]

18 G. % c. 6.

7 G. 3. c.; i.

33 G. 3. c. 157.

17 G. 2. c. 25.

A G 3. c. 66.

32 0. 3* c. 36.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Ipswich to Helmingham, and to Debenham, and from Hemingfion to Olhy Bottom, in the County of Suffolk. (b) [20th march8i 2.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from IpfuAch to Stratford Saint Mary, in the County of Suffolk, (b)

£20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads 10 G. 3. c. 99. leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of 2 % G. 3. c. 99. Staffordj Warwick and Derby, and in the County of the City of Lichfield. (£) i [20th March 1812.]

Double Tolls on Sunday.J

7* a Cap.

1132 C. xxvi — xxxvii. 52 GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Stone Street Hatch at 0 eh ley, in the County of Surrey, to join a Branch of the Horsham and Guildford Road at IVamham, in the County of Sussex. la)

[20th March 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.2 Cap. xxvii.

3* !<* An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty third Ywr of His present Majesty, for completing the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucfier, through Tethury to Wocjitld Comer, and a Road from thence to or near Lambridge, near the City of Bath, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and also to repair a certain Road from Dussion to Underbridge, in the Parish of Shipton Moigne, in the said County, (r) [20th March 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint, Denbigh and Carnarvon, so far as the same relate to The Saint Asaph and Conway Dif-triQs (a) of Road, (r) [20th March 1812.]

[Additional Trustees.] (a) [See as to Flint, Holywell and Mojlyn DifiriBs, Post. r.cxvii.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts passed in the Tenth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head, in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith in the same County, (r)

[20th March 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Wendover to the End of Oak Lane, and from the River Colne, for Half a Mile, towards Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks, (d) [[20th March 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and Two Acts of Ilii present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Chesterfield to Hernjlone Lane Head, with its Branches; and for amending and making a certain other Road to communicate therewith, all in the County of Derby. (4)

[20th March 1812.]

[Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted.]

f G. 3. c. 4y. 11 G. 3. c. 69.

10 G. 3. c. 98. 30 G. 3. c. 88.

7 G. 1.Stat 1. c. 14.

15 G. 2. c. 5.

24 G. a. c. 32. 27 G. 3. c. 8a. repealed as to Roads comprised in Title to this Act.

32 G. 2. c. 43-19 G. 3.C. 87. 41 G. 3, (U.K.)

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Congham, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barf or d, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caifler, next Great Tar mouth, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafi Dereham, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[20th March 1812.]

" Allotment to His Majesty. §25.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirby Bedon, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.l

[20th March 1812.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for enlarging the present or providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Strood, in the County of Kent; for better governing, maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Parish; and also for repairing or rebuilding the Church and Tower of the same Parish, and for other Purposes relating

thereto.

[25th March 1812.] Caf.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C. xxxviii — xlviii.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York* to the City of S % G.$X. xi8. Durham. (6) [25th March 1812.] 4» G. 3. (u. K.)

[Doublelolls on Sunday.'] c*iv* rtpealed.

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road n g. 3 c 71 from Brough Ferry to South Newbald Holmes* in the East Riding of the County of York* and for amend- 32 G.3. CI133I ing the Road from Brough to Welton* in the fame Riding, (a) [25 th March 1812.]

[New Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted

Cap. xl.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several A6fcs of His present Majesty, for repairing lo G

and widening several Roads in the County of Cardigan; and also for making other Roads in the said 31 g!3*£07! County, (r) [25th March 1812.]

[Additional Trustees for Cardigan and Aberystwyth Difir ids. Tolls of 1 o G. 3. in part to cease* and new Tolls

granted.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of His 3t g. 3. c.io6 present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwest* through Fishguard, to Newport, in the County of Pembroke, and from Fishguard to the City of Saint David*/, in the said County, (r)

[25th March 1812.] [Former Tolls to cease* new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.']

Cap. xlii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Llanvibangel Nantmellan, in the County of Radnor. (q. P.)

[25th March 1812.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Caston, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [25th March 1812.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pilleth, in the County of Radnor, (q. P.) [25th March 1812.]

4< Allotment to His Majesty. §21.28.

Cap. xlv.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Southweald, in the County of E/Tex. fq. P.)

[25th March 1812.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for improv- j4G

ing the Navigation of the River Thames, West ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of 17 G. 3. c 18.' London; and for further improving the said Navigation.

[20th April 1812.] 5°G.3. c.cciv,

[Tolls of 50 G. 3. to cease* new Tolls granted."]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames lx G

and Ifts % from the Jurisdiction of the City of London* near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the 15 g*. 3. c. 11. Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts* to make a navigable Canal out of the River Thames near MiU8 G. 3. c. 51. son*s Point, in the Parish of Eghamfm the County of Surrey, to communicate with the said River at or near 35 G. 3. c. 106. Bell Weir, in the said Parish of Egham; and to erect Pound Locks in such Cut, with necessary Weirs and other Works on the said Navigation.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for empowering the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, to purchase a Messuage and Premisesfor holding their Meetings; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Commissioners.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, one

c general Act concerning Commissioners of Sewers, intituled The Bill of Sewers, with a new Pro- 23 H. 8. c.

viso, &c. to be directed into all Parts within His said Majesty's Realm, was enacted, and made to continue

and endure for Twenty Years then next following; and the said Act, and all the Clauses, Articles and

Provisions in the fame, were, by an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King

9 Edward the^ixth, intituled An Act for the Continuance of the Statute of Sewersf made perpetual, subject to 3 & 4E. 6. c. 8.

certain new Regulations expressed and contained in the last mentioned Act: And whereas by an Act passed §1.

1 in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth* intituled An Act for the Commission of Sewers; and 13 El*- c. 9.

an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King Jamer the First, intituled An Act for the Explanation 3 Jac. 1. c. 14.

4 of

H34 C.xlviii.

52° GEORGII III.

1 W. & M.

SdE a. c. 3?.

7 Anp. c io.

47 G. 3. Sell*. 1. c. riL

Letters Patent 29th March and 28th April 46 G. 3.

A.D. 1812.

of the Statute of Sewers; and an Act passed in the Secdnd Year of the Reign of King Wiliam and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of .London and Welt mi niter, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof and Out Parishes in the County o/*Middlesex, and in the Borough of Southvnrk, and other P faces within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surrey, and for regulating the Marlcts therein mentioned; and an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for rendering more effectual the Laws concerning Commissioners of Sewers; and an Act passed in the Forty fercnth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enlarge the Powerr and extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex; the Provrfoes and Provisions contained in the said Act of the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, and the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Edward the Sixth, have been varied, altered, enlarged and extended: And whereas by His Majesty's Letters Patent, one under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the Twenty ninth Day of March in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the other under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of April in the said Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Erjkinc, then Lord High Chancellor of that Part of Great Britain and Ireland called Great Britain, Charles Duke of Norfolk, George Duke of Marlborough, Edward Lord Ellenborough, Sir William Grant Knight, Sir James Mansfield Knight, and others thenrin named, have been appointed CmBouftooen of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex: And whereas on account of the great Increase of Building, and the extensive Projcfts for Building nowin Contemplation or carrying into Efteft, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Part of the County of Middlesex subject to the said Commissions, it is rendered necesiary and expedient that the said Commissioners fboold be enabled to purchase a Messuage and Premises for lidding their Meetings, and (or keeping the Records, Books and Papers of the said Commission, or for any cither Concern relating thereto, and that the Poem of the said Commissioners should be enlarged : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Sewers for the time being for the Limits aforesaid, and they, or any Six or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to fell a certain Messuage and Prt-S^e"!^rJrUr* m^eg> t^e Appurtenances, where the Business of the said Commissioners has been carried on, situatcin Cariijle Street, Soho Square, in the Parish of Saint Ann, within the Liberty of Westminstert in the County of Middlesex, for all such Estate, Term and Interest therein, as the said Commissioners have, and the Goods, Furniture and Fixtures therein, belonging to the said Commissioners, and to apply the Produce thereof in or towards the Payment of the Purchase Money for the Premises herein after mentioned, or for or towards any of the Purposes authorized to be done and executed by the said Commissioners under or by virtue of the Cud Commimons; and aMo to treat and agree with all and every the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Trustee or Tru flees, or other Person or Persons whomsoever interested therein, for the Purchase of the Fte Simple and Inheritance of a certain Messuage or Tenement, situate the Comer House on the South Side of Soho Square, and at the North End on the Last Side of Greek Street, in the Parish of Saint Ann, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the said County of Middlesex, with the Coach Houses, Stables, Outbuildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging, late the Property of Thomas Slack Esquire, deceased, and now in the Occupation of the said Commissioners, and more particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for the Purpose of holding their Meetings, and for keeping the Records, Books, Writings and Papers of the said Commissioners, or for any other Concern relating thereto 5 and it shall be lawful for the said CommifBooeri to hold such Messuage and Premises so to be purchased, without incurring or being subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or of any other Law or Statute what foe ver to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that no greater or larger Sum shall be given for the Purchase of the said Messuage and Premises than the Sum of Five thousand Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from time to time, to iborrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the wliolc the Sum of the thousand five hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to be made, levied, set and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or some or One of them; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or of any Six or more of them, to assign all or any Part of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Waist, to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with lawful Interest for the fame; and the Charges and Expences of such Alignment (to be made as herein after mentioned) shall be from timetotiire defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Money so to be borrowed; and every such Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

' 'UUE* being of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Wei*

minster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, acting in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty

second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \herefet forth the Title of this Act'] in Coo-

Gderation of the Sum of advanced and lent by of

in the County of on the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, 4* hereby grmt

1 and assign unto the said [or, to his Trustee or Trustees, as the case may be] his [«r,

1 her] Executors, Administrators and AfEgns, such Proportion of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to ' be raised, levied, set and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or some or One of them, as the said

1 Sum

Commissioner* may treat with

chafe of Messuage, &c. in Greek Street, Soho.

[Proviso.]

Power to borrow Money.

Form of Assign-javax.

A.D. 1811.

52° GEORGII III.

Cxlviii.

t Scanof doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at anytime be borrowed or become

due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains; to be had and holden from this Day of until the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be fully paid and satisfied. In

Witness whereof, we the said Commissioners hare hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the Day of

t in the Year of our Lord .*

And every such Security shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her or their Executors, Administratons and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall think it adviieable to raise all or any Part of the Money for the Purposes aforesaid, by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Alignments as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commif&onert, and they are hereby authorized and empowered so to do, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or of any Six or more of them, to

frant an Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance and pay into the lands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life or natural Lives of such Contributor or Contributors, and the Life of the Survivor, or the natural Life of such Person, or the natural Lives of such Persons, and the Life of the Survivor, as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor at the time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money; so as that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a single Life, or the Lives of such Persons, and the Life of the Survivor; and the Expence of every such Annuity shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies so contributed; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

'IX^'E, being of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westmin

Jler, and Part of the County of Middlesex, acting in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \here set forth the Title of this Act] in Consideratkm*of the Sum paid by to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, do hereby grant unto the said an Annuity or yearly Sum of

to be paid out of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to be raised, leviea, set and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or some or One of them; which Annuity or yearly Sum of shall be

paid to the said or his [or, her] Assigns, during the Term of his [or, her] natural Life,

[or, as the case may he] to the said his [or, her] Executors, Administrators or Assigns,

during the natural Life of or during the natural Lives of and

and the Life of the Survivor of them, on the Day of the Day

of the Day of and the Day of in every Year, during the natural Life or Lives of him, her or them, the said at the the first

c Payment thereof, to be made on the Day of next ensuing the Date hereof.

In Witness whereof. We the said Commissioners have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the Day of in the Year .*

And every such Grant shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, without any Inrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof in the High Court of Chancery, or elsewhere, except as herein after mentioned; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, out of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains respectively, according to the Grant of such Annuity; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, if they think it most advisable, by and out of any Monies in the Hands of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, pay the said Purchase Money of Five thousand Pounds, and the Costs and Charges of repairing and fitting up the Premises, as well as all other usual and reasonable Expences that may be incurred by the Commissioners in carrying the said Commissions into Efle&.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed on legal Interest as aforesaid, or to be raised by granting of Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, £as the case may fc] at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and every such Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

J A.B.f being entitled to the Sum of or an Annuity of secured to

and his Assigns, £as the case may be] by virtue of an Assignment, [or. Grant of an

Annuity] bearing Date the Day of under the Hands and SeaJs of the Commissioners of

Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex, acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \here set*forth the Title of this A8"] on the Credit of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, charged and made charge-€ able by the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Interest in and to the same Sum [or. Annuity, «and all Interest and other Money now due and arising thereon] unto his [or, her] Executors,

Administrators and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And

"35

Commissioners tnay raise Money by Annuities.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

Arguments and Annuities transferred.

Form.

Copy of Assign-nient, &ct entered in Book for Inspection.

Fee.

Payment of Creditors provided for by Ballot.

Money borrowed at lower In- t terest to discharge Securities at higher Rate.

Commissioners authorized by Clerk to inl*pe& Books of Rates of Parishes within Limits.

17 G. a. c. 3.

Distress not unlawful for Want pfJFonp.

C.xlvili. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 18U.

And a Copy of every such Security or Assignment, and of every Grant of Annuity which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners 5 whidi Extradk or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred; to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall be paid, by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence, and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person; to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any Registry or Inrolment thereof.

V. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Persons who shall have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots or Wains, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (if there shall be more Creditors than Onel shall cause the Number or Numbers of all Assignments or Securities granted, in case more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds shall be lent and advanced upon any such Alignment or Security as aforesaid, ' and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced on the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots or Wains, of which rart shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, each Piece of Paper to contain only One Number in respect of every One hundred Pounds so borrowed as aforesaid, and all nich Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Number of the said Assignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and after every such Ballot, the said Commissioners shall cause Notice, figoed by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off, either in full or part Payment of their respective Assignments or Securities as aforesaid, pursuant to such Ballot; and where there is only One Creditor, to give Six Calendar Monthi Notice to such Creditor of the Intention of the said Commissioners to pay him or her as aforesaid, and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the fane shall be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notices as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money to be so paid off, shall, from and after the Day so specified, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require the said Commissioners to pay off and discharge any Monies lent or the Credit of the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, by way of Annuity, until all other the Creditors on the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, shall be paid off and discharged, and the several Parties so lending Money by way of Annuity, shall agree to accept the Sum or Sums of Money offered by the said Commissioners for the repurebafe of such his, her or their Annuity or Annuities.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners can at any time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Assignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from time to time to charge the said Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, in manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Interest thereof at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, according to the Directions and Regulations therein prescribed for paying off Assignments or Securities.

1 VII. And whereas great Difficulty has arisen to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid, in

laying an equal Rate from time to time upon the several Inhabitants within the Limits of the said Comraif-

fions, occassioned by their not being authorized, under any of the Statutes now in force concerning Sewers, to

call for and inspect the Poors Rates of the several Parishes within the Limits aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid, from time to time, as the said Commissioners shall fee Occasion, by an Order in Writing, to direct the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners, or any other Person on their Behalf, to in?pe& and take a Copy of the last Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish or Parishes within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, and on Production of such Order, by the Clerk of the said Commissioners or other Person as aforesaid, to the Vestry Clerk or other Person entrusted with the Custody of the several Rates aforesaid, fuc h Vestry Clerk, or other Person entrusted with the Custody of the said Rates of every such PariA, shall prod uce the fame forthwith to the said Clerk of the said Commissioners, and permit him to inspect and take a Co py thereof from time to time; or otherwise shall furntlh, with all convenient Speed, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the time being, a true Copy of the Book of Rates of such Parish or Parishes as aforesaid, oil being paid for the same such Fees as are directed by an Act of the Seventeenth Year of King George the S epond, intituled An Act to oblige Overseers of the Poor to give publick Notice of Rates made fer the Relief of the Poor, and to produce the fame, in order to enable the said Commissioners of Sewers to lay an equal Rate or Assessment on the several Inhabitants within the Limits of the said Commissions, or aoy Portion thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or any of them, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be considered a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Default or want of F orm in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or in any

tther

oth^r Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the said Party or Parties distraining be considered a T^respaTer or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards happen to be committed by the Party or Parties so diitraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage which he, she or they shall have fuliained thereby, with usual Colls, and no more, in an Action of Trespais, or on the Case.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaiutiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty eight Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or his, her or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action shall be brought and tried in the County of Middlefe: c, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the tjme limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the ADefendant or Defendants; and if upon such Vertlid the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared $ or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and shall have Remedy for Recovery of the fame, as any Defendant hath for Coils of Suit in other cases by Law.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions,

Ckufes, Matters and Things therein contained, shall remain and be in force as fully and cfiVdually in all respeda, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act, except only as the same are hereby varied or altered.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act,

And of carrying the fame into Execution, (except as herein otherwise provided for)shall be paid out of the Rates, Taxes, Lots and Wains, to be levied, collected or set, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or some or one of them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall Publick A4x be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, so far as relates to the Premises in Greek Street, Soho.

A CAPITAL Messuage or Tenement, with the Stables, Coach Houses, Outbuildings and Appurtenances, situate on the South Side of Soho Square, and at the North End and on the East Side of Greek Street, in the Parish of Saint Ann, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, so far as relates to the Premises in Carlisle Street, Soho.

A MESSUAGE or Tenement, with the Appurtenances, situate on the North Side of Carlisle Street, in the Parish of Saint Ann, Westminster, aforesaid, lately in the Occupation of the said Commissionera of Sewers.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actions. Where tried.

[Double Costs.]

Former Acts in force.

Cnfts and Charges of Ash

Cap. xlix.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol in or near the Burgh of Cupar, in the County of Fift7 and for other Purposes relating thereto. {20th jipril iS 12.]

Cap. 1,

An Act for the Improvement of certain Parts of the Harbour of Catwater within the Manor of Plympton in the County of Devon; and for the more effectually providing for the Security of the Communication from Pompblit Point across the contiguous Water of Lary within the said Manor.

[20th dpril 1812.]

Cap. li.

An Act for paving, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey.

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. lii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranston Hill Water Works to raise more Money for'48G.3; t.'fc&r* the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgo<w7 and Places adjacent, with Water.

[20th jfpril 1812.]

Cap. liiL

An Act for empowering the Grand Juries for the County of the City of DubTm and of the County of DuUimf*and the Corporation, to preserve and improve the Port of Dublin, to vary the Scitc heretofore fixed for the 52 Geo. III. 7 G intended

1138 Clui.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

43 G.3.«.cx3STiu

Grand June* of County of City of Dublin and County of Dublin empowered to change Sc'rte of Bridge. Corporation empowered to borrow Money for building

Bridge.

Grand Juries to present

£1, 041.18. 8. expended on BtTex Bridge by Corporation. Corporari n empowered to remove Ob-Arudliotis.

3»G.3.(L)c. 3J.

33 G 3-(I.)c.t4. 40 G*3.(l.j c. 47.

Corporation empowered to fell certain Grounds.

intended Bridge over the River Anna Liffey > in the said City (in place of Ormond Bridge) from a Spot of-pofite the Four Courts, to a Spot opposite Charles Street or Mass Lane> in the said City; and for other rurposes relating thereto.

[20th April 1812 ]

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland ht the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty y for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin 5 and also for empowering the Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin to build and repair Bridges over the said River within certain Limits, the said Corporation for preferring and improving the Port of Dublin did, at Easter Term, in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight, lay before the Court of King's Bench and the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin, the Plan and Estimate of a Bridge to be built over the River Anna Liffey; which said Plan and Eiiimate the said Court and the said Grand Juries did approve of, and did fix upon a Scite for the said Bridge, opposite to the Four Courts in the said City: And whereas the said Plan and Eiiimate were afterwards, at the ensuing Michaelmas Term, approved of by the Grand Juries of the County of the City and County of Dublin, and the Sum mentioned therein as the Estimate of the Expeoce thereof was presented by them: And whereas, upon more mature Consideration, the Grand Juries for the County of the City of IX'blin and County of Dublin^ave found it would tend more to public Convenience and Economy to build the said Bridge over the River Anna Liffey, opposite to Charles Street or Mass Lanet instead of opposite to the Four Courts, in the said City May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin shall and may here-after, at any Easter or Michaelmas Term after the passing of this Act, alter and change the Scite of the said Bridge, from the Spot opposite the Four Courts, to a Spot opposite Charles Street or Mass Lane % in the City of Dublin; and that when such Alteration and Change shall take place, the said Bridge shall then be proceeded on under and subject to the Powers, Provisions and Directions, contained in the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation to take up and borrow such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, for the Purpose of building the said Bridge, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds at any Rate of Interest not exceeding legal Inte-rest in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to issue Debentures for the fame under their Common Seal, in such manner and Form as they shall think proper; and which Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed shall be levied upon the Presentments made for building the said Bridge, by the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin and the County of the City of Dublin; and the said Grand Juries are hereby authorized and required to present such further Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be necessary to pay the Interest upon the Sums so borrowed, until such Principal Sum shall be paid by such Presentments.

III. And whereas the said Corporation have expended a Sum of One thousand and forty one Pounds*Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence, in repairing Essex Bridge over the said River Anna Liffey; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury for the County of the City of Dublin, and to and for the Grand Jury for the County of Dublin, at any Easter or Michaelmas Term after the passing of this Act, to present the said Sum of One thousand and forty one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence, to be raised, in Addition to any Sum already presented by them for building Bridges or repairing the Quay Walls of the said City of Dublin.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation to prevent and remove all Obstructions, Encroachments and Nuisances whatsoever, on the Quays, Walls and Bridges, of the said River Anna Liffey, within the Care, Management and Superintendence of the said Corporation as aforesaid, and to distrain and fell so much thereof by Public Cant, as shall or may be necessary to pay the Expences of such Removal, and also to expend from time to time, in temporary necessary Repairs of the said Bridges over the said River Anna Liffey^ any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two huo-dred Pounds in any One Year, the same to be paid out of the Funds applicable to rebuilding and repairing the Walls of the said River Anna Liffey Westward of CarUJle Bridge.

V. And whereas an Act was made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting tbs Trade cf Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour mors commodious: And whereas one other Act wis ' made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the said Act:

And whereas one other Act was made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two several Acts % one passed in the Twenty sixth*Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An ASfor promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and another Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His Majesty5* Reign,

intituled An ASfor repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His Majesty's Rcignf intituled Am AS for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious: And whereas it has been found«that some of the Provisions in the said recited Acts, relative to the Sales of the Lots and Grounds therein*mentioned, are ineffectual for the said Purposes; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, under their Common Seal, to convey ia Fee Simple the Laid North Lots and South Lots and Grounds in the

5

"39

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. Clm.

said last several recited Acts mentioned, or such competent or convenient Parts thereof respedirely as shall be sold by the said Corporation for the Purposes in such Acts, or any of them, mentioned, and to vest the Fee Simple thereof in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and that on the Sale or Sales of any of the said North Lots, or South Lots and Grounds, or of any Part or Parts thereof, the Costs and Expences of dividing and inclosing such Part of such Lot or Lots or Grounds, together with the Expences of all such Sales, and of deliveringPofieflion to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be deducted out of the Produce of such Sale; and that in case at the time appointed for any Sale or Sales of the said Lots and Grounds, or auy of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, there should not be sufficient Bidders for the fame, or that the said Corporation should think proper to adjourn such Sale or Sales, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Corporation to adjourn the fame from Day to Day, or for or until such time or times as they shall think fit, and to hold such Sale accordingly without beiogobliged to give any further or other Notice of such Adjournment or Adjournments, save what they or any Three or more Members of the said Corporation shall think it necessary to give, either verbally at the time of such Adjournment or Adjournments, or otherwise as they shall think (it; and that all Sales of the said Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof,

shall be holden at the Royal Exchange* or at the Commercial Buildings, in the City of Dublin; and that alt Notices of Sales of the said Lots ana Grounds, or any of them, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall be polled up at the Royal Exchange and in the Commercial Buildings of the said City, and that it shall not be necessary to pod the fame, or hold any Sales at the Tholfel of the said City; and that all Notices of Sales of "the North Lots, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be posted Three Calendar Months previous to such Sale or Sales, and inserted Three Times in the Dublin Gazette One Calendar Month at lead previous to such Sale or Sales; and that all Notices of Sales of the said South Lots and Grounds, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be poded Twenty one Days previous to such Sale or Sales, ana inserted Twice in the Dublin Gazette Fourteen Days at lead before the Days which shall be therein appointed for such Sale or Sales; and that a Receipt or Receipts, or Acknowledgment for the Amount of the Purchase Money inserted or contained in the Body of any Deed or Deeds of Conveyance from the said Corporation, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Lot or Lots, or any Part thereof, or indorsed on such Deed or Deeds, shall be a sufficient Discharge or Discharge* to the said Purchaser or JPurchafers thereof, for his, her or their respective Purchase Money; and that the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Lot, or of any Part of any Lot or Lots or Grounds,

shall hold the fame free and clear of and from all former Gifts, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, Mortgages, Judgments and Incumbrances whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Application of Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used, by virtue of the Powers of the Conrwnfation if said recited Acts or of this Act, or any of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body a^£ntlr* to Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian,

Committee or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Ideot, Feme Covert or other Cestuique

Trull, or any Persons whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, are limited in llrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Corporation for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the P< rfon or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Here*' .taments, in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inveiled, under the Eke Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Tmfls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or Emited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inveiled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Government Securities; and in the mean time and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for Application of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging Comnenfrtkm if to any Corporation, or to any other Person or Persons under any DifabiEty or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall t"an* be le(s than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds,*

then and in all such cases the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to 6

the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respectivo Hand#, be paid into the Bank of Ireland^ in the Name and with

7 G t the

1140 C.liii.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181 2-

jVpp'icatien of Cf>mpensation if leli c<un 20U

In case Titles not made out;

cr if PersonJ not found, Purchase Money paid into Bank.

Where Question fhiH ariie touch* Ing; Title to Money to be } aid. Per ion in PolPflum of I.an*J, &c. at time of Purchase, deemed entitled.

Court of Chancery may order TeafoiuWe Expenses of Purchase > to be paid by i'rultecs*

yi a 3.(10 c. 35. 33 G. 3(1.) c. 54. 40 G 3.'l )c. 47-

Person to deliver up Puflcf-

the Privity of the said Accountant General in the High Court of Chancery hi Ireland, and be placed to hia Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Corporation for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination to be signified under the Hands of the nominating Parties, and such Approbation under the Common Seal of the said Corporation) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far a6 the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII f. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, in such manner as the said Corporation shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of fitch Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Corporation; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall be lawful to and for the said Corporation to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [drferibing /£rm], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court -shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, or to any Government Securities to he purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the SatU-faction of the said High Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of such Government Securities, and also the Capital of such Government Securities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lauds, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the fold Corporation out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shalldired.

XII. And whereas under and by virtue of the said recked Acts passed in the Thirty second, Thirty third and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Corporation are empowered, in calc of

Non Payment of certain Rates therein and thereby chargeable on the said North and South Lots, upon due

Notice given as by said Acts directed, to sell and dispose of such Lots whereof the Rates so chargeable shall be in Arrear and unpaid: And whereas Difficulties may arise in obtaining Possession of such Lots as may be ' so fold; For remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in Possession of any Lot o? Lots of Ground which shall be sold by the said Corporation as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof,

- shall

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

C.liii, liv. n4t

shall immediately upon such Sale, deliver up the Possession thereof to the Purchaser or Porchafers thereof, or fion of Premifts

to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the said Corporation to take Possession thereof; and in toCorporation.

«afe any Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse or decline to give such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff

er Coroners of the County of Dublin, or to the Sheriffs or Coroner* of the County of the City of Dublin,

accordingly as such Lot or Lots of Grounds may respectively be situate, commanding him or them to deliver

the Possession of such Lot or Lots of Ground, or of such Part or Parts of such Lot or Lots of Ground, to

such Person or Persons as shall he nominated in the said Precept or Precepts to receive the same; and the said

Sheriff or Sheriffs, Coroner or Coroners, are hereby required to deliver of such Possession accordingly, and to

levy such Costs as shall be incurred by the issuing and executing of such Precept or Precepts, by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattel* of the Person or Persons so refusing or declining to give Possession as aforesaid.*'

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Powers of Provisoes, Aids, Rates, Duties, Funds, Penalties, Clauses and EnaAments, in the said several recited Acts former Act ex-contaiaed save and except such Parts of the same as are vaiied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts, or tendedo AA. by this present Act) shall be as good, valid and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame

were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation for preserving Costs, Sec. of f

and improving the Port of Dublin, to pay and discharge out of their Funds, all such Costs and Expences as how

have been or may be incurred in and about obtaining and passing thi* AA; and, in order that the said Corporation may be re-imbursed all such Sums as shall be so paid and advanced by them, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jnry of the County of the City of Dublin at any presenting Terms, to present, to be raised

of the said County of the said City, and paid to the said Corporation, all such Sum* a* the said Corporation —

shall have so paid and advanced, together with legal Interest for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be Public Actm-judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Jadgcs, Justices, Juries and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. I iv.

An Act for making further Provision for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, after a certain Length of Service.

[20th April 1812.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His* 32 G. 3.

present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money, upon proper Securities, and for applying the Ihtcrefi towards discharging the Expences of 1 the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Makers in Ordinary in Chancery, and er

Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repostones for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Courts and the Records and Pro*

ceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and of the several Acts in the said Act mentioned,

divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of the several Orders of the said Court made for that Purpose,

' taken out of the Common and General Cash belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which- lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty* a*

Reign, carried to an Account, intituled An Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery % and out of the Dividends and interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual Sums and Salaries, and the several«other Payments thereby directed to be made and paid; and also the several other Payments directed to be

made, by Two several Acts of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, one of them, intituled 46 G. 3. c. 128/ 4 An Act for making Provision for such Mafilers in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, as from Age or*

c Infirmity shall be defrous of resigning their Offices, with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the said Court; and the other of such AAs, intituled An Act to pro 46G. 3. C.

vide additional Salaries for the present Clerks in the Ojfiuc of the Accountant General of the High Coart of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office with Salaries; and to make other Payments in

respe3 of the said Office; and by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 49 G. 3. c. lxix.

' intitulea An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub Regifirars or Deputy Regifirars of the High Court of Chancery, as from Age or Infirmity shall be ajjfiiQed with permanent Disability, and be incapacitatedfor the due Execution of their Office, and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Regifirars, for the Clerks in the Regificr's Office, for the Master of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in ref pc 3 of the said Offices;

and by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, intituled An Act for building certain 50 G. 3. f. cluvw- Offices for the Examiners, Curfiiors, Clerk of the Crown, and Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court off

Chancery; and for making certain Regulations in the Examiner's Office of the said Court, and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from length of Service, or from Age, and

Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office, and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court, and for making other Payments in resptS of the said Offices, have been from time to

tune made and paid, and the fur; lus Interest. and annual Produce arising from the.fekl Securities, beyond

what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Intmreft produced from the*

Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, .have been from tine to time, iapnr-i

' fuance

I I.

n o. % . c. 24.

4 O. 3. c. 31.

5 0.3, c 19.

Tke Lord Chancellor may order an Annuity to Clerk* a ter Thirty Year*, and to Clerks becoming infirm, after Fifteen Years Service.

C.liv. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 1811.

fuance of the said first and last mentioned Acts, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary

Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interefi arising from Securtties9 carried to am Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery:

And whereas by the said last mentioned Act it was, among other things, enacted, that out of the Cafla

belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, which then lay or which should then after lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds should and

might, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose from time to time be

placed out in one entire Sum or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant Ger .'-al of the said Court of

Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Orders should be directed to the Intent that the Interest and annual

Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out, might be applied for the Purposes thereinafter mentioned,

and that all such Government or Parliamentary Security or Securities when purchased, should be carried to

the said Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the T weifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities, any Monies not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interefi arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court: And by another Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out % upon prober Securities, a further Sum of Money not exceeding a Sum therein limited* out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England,

belonging to the Suitors of the said Courts and for applying she Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court: And by another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Interefi arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court:

And by the above mentioned Acts of the Thirty second and Forty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery made in pursuance of the said several Acts,

the present Clerks in the Office of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, have and receive, out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the Hifh Court of Chancery, and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities

carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interefi arising from Se» 4 curities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, the several Payments and Sums herein after mentioned, namely, the First Clerk the Yearly Sum of Five hundred Pounds, the Second Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, the Third Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, The Fourth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Four huadred Pounds, the Fifth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, the Sixth Clerk the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, the Seventh Clerk the Yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, the Eighth Clerk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds, the Ninth Clerk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds, the Tenth Clerk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds, and the Eleventh Clerk the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty Pounds: And whereas (ince the parting of the said last mentioned Act, the Business of the said Accountant General's ^Office of the Court of Chancery is greatly increased and is annually increasing: And whereas owing to the great Increase in the necessary Expences of

Living, the Incomes provided by the said Acts for the Clerks in the said Office are greatly reduced in Value,

and they have not the means of making any Prbvision for themselves in their advanced Age or for their Families thereout; and considering the Nature of their Employment, it is reasonable, that after a long Senes of Years spent in the Service of the Suitors of the said Court some Provision should be made for them May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from time to time on a Petition presented to him or them for that Purpose by the Accountant General, or any of the Clerks in his said Office, to order such an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money to be paid to any Clerk who shall have acted in the Capacity of Clerk in the said Office for the Space of Thirty Years or who having a&f d in the Capacity of Clerk in the said Office for the Space of Fifteen Years, shall be rendered incapable of performing the Duties of a Clerk in the said Office through permanent Illness or Infirmity, as the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners shall think fit and fee Occasion, not exceeding the yearly Salary payable to such Clerk at the time of making such Application; the same to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends arising from Securities purchased and to be purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts or any of them; in which Order or Orders the Cause or Ground of making the same shall be distinctly dated and specified, and the Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned i. such Order or Orders shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England[ out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Govern, meat or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and other

Sums

r

1

A.D. 1812. 52 GEORGII III. C.Ylv. 1143

Sums of Money which by the several Acts hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any other Act heretofore made and passed, arc directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by even and equal Quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April) the Fifth Day of Juljy and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, to the Clerk named in such Order, from the time therein to be mentioned, for and during the Term of his natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the time of his Decease.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or Clerk* removed taken toprevent or hinder any present or future Clerk in the said Office from being removed or displaced at any a* heretofore, time, in such manner and by such Authority as Clerks in the said Office can now be removed or displaced.

III. And be it further enacted, That in the Place of any Clerk to whom any Annuity or Yearly Sum shall Clerk* appointed be ordered to be paid in pursuance of this Act, some other Person of sufficient Ability shall be appointed a" {h^lUweive Clerk in the said Office, in the manner and by the Authority in and by which the Clerks in the said Office have* Annuity, heretofore bivn appointed.

IV. And whereas by the said Act, made and passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present 3* g. 3 c. 4 % ,

Majesty, it was enacted, amongst other things, that, out of the Dividends and Interest of the Secu- f 3.

rities to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act, there should be paid by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, the Expences of preparing and passing the said Act, and

certain yearly Sums to the Clerks of the said Accountant General therein mentioned; and then such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, as the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, should, by any Order or Orders of the said Court, direct to be applied in purchasing

Ground for, and m building and completing the Offices and Repositories thereinafter directed to be built and

completed; and such further Sums of Money, either yearly or in gross, as should be necessary for keeping such Offices and Repositories, and also the Offices of the Registrar and the Accountant General in Repair,

and for insuring all the said Offices and Repositories from Fire; and it was thereby further enacted, that §

under the Direction of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, proper and convenient Offices for the said Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery and their Clerks, for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics and their Clerks, and

safe and secure Repositories for the Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, delivered or to be delivered to the said Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery, and the Records,

Proceedings, Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings delivered or to be delivered to or left in the Custody of the said Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics respectively, together with a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in the Stead or Place of the then Public Office, should be built and made fit for the Reception of the said Mailers and Secretaries, and the Transfidion of their respective Business therein; and that for those Purposes a proper Piece of Ground should be purchased and such Houses or Buildings as might be upon such Ground; and that the Ground and Houses so to be purchased should be from time to time conveyed to, and the fame were thereby declared to be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

for the Purposes of the said Act; and it was thereby further enacted, that it should and might be lawful to f S*

and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the time being, from time to time, by any Order of the said High Court of Chancery, to apply such Sum or Sums of Money as should be necessary in keeping the said Offices and Repositories so to be built and completed as aforesaid, and the Offices of the Registrar and Accountant General, in goodtfand sufficient Repair* and in infuiing the fame Premises respectively from Damage by Fire: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, a Piece of Ground situate on the South Side of a Street called Southampton Building/, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex,

hath been purchased, and Offices for the said Mailers in Ordinary in Chancery and their Clerks, and for the said Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics and their Clerks, and Repositories for the Deeds, Books, Papers and Writings of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, together with a Public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, nave been built and made fit for the Reception of the said Mailers and Secretaries,

and the Transaction of their respective Business therein; and the said Offices and Repositories, and also the said Offices of the Registrar and the Accountant General have been kept in Repair out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities hereinbefore mentioned: And whereas from the Increase of Business, it may be necessary to make some Additions to, or Alterations in the said Offices and Repositories, and to purchase some Buildings and Pieces of Ground adjoining or near thereto, in order to render the fame more convenient for the Tranladion of Business therein, and more secure from Damage by Fire Be it therefore enacted.

That it shall be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Land,c. nuy the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, from time to time, by any ^.PurC£f?*10 Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to order any Additions or Alterations to be made to or in the offices*

said Offices and Repositories, built iu pursuance of the said recited Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign and Repositories, of His present Majesty, and the said Offices of the Registrar and the Accountant General; and also to order &c. any Piece or Pieces of Ground adjoining or near to the said Offices, or any of them, with or without any Buildings thereon, to be purchased, and the Buildings (if any) on such Piece or Pieces of Ground when purchased, to be pulled down, as he or they shall think fit or fee Occasion; and all such Piece or Pieces of Ground so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to, and the same are hereby declared to be veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Money hid 0*1 Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, from time to time, by any Order or Orders of the said in improvs-

Court to

U44 C.liv. 52° GEORGII m. A.D. 1812.

MCe^ip a Court of Chancery, to apply any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, in m Ywr Povmds any One Year, in making any such Additions or Alterations as hereinbefore mentioned, or in the Purchase of any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, as hereinbefore mentioned, and in pulling down the Buildings, if any thereon; and all such Sum and Sthns of Money (not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, in any One Year) as the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners shall from time to time order to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, shall, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said .Court, for the Purpose, be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) out of the Dividends and Interest of the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased and to be purenafed in pursuance of the Acts hereinbefore recited, mentioned or referred to, or any of them.

fncupictfed Per-

VI. And bcit further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or ions empowered Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, and for all Executors or Administrators, Husbandtf, Guardians, to^ieu HrniGei, Committees and other Tru(lees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, and also for Tenants for Life of Estates in Settlement, if of Age, other than Femes Covert, and for the Guardians for such Tenants for Life as may be Infants, and the Husbands of such Tenants for Life as may be Femes Covert, for and on behalf of themselves, and all Infants, Ifluc unborn, Lunatics, Ideots, Femes Covert, or under any other Disability, and also for Persons who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements or Privileges which may be thought proper and convenient to be putchafed For the Purposes and in pursuance of this Act, to treat, contract and agree for the Sale of all and every such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Easements and Privileges for the Purposes aforesaid, and to grant, sell and convey the fame for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Cootrafts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage, Settlement, Will, Custom or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise BOt with ft an ding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons whomsoever, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

Application of

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements CompenUtion or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Puroofcs thereof, int^zool1.011111" which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporation, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or bther incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards »the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments flan ding settled therewith, to the fame or like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the v Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which fh?Jl be conveyed and settled to, for

hnd upon such and the like^fes, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the fatilfc manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement-shall beexrfling, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court -of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from time to time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lets thaa the Sum of T>vo hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under his or their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; pr otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two or more Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, (such Nomination to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancer)'.

8 IX, Provided

Application of Money if less 4han*ool.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. G.liv.

IX. Provided also, 'and be it farther enacted, That where such Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall beless than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as they shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respediv ly.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein,

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hercdiments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, in the same manner as the Expences of building the said Offices and Repositories are hereby directed to be paid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts and the Purposes of this Act, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Moniesplaced out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery; and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands o* the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted 3nd declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in such case the said Court may and shall direct the whole or any part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame and the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the Common and General Cash belonging to such Suitors.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent, any Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by any Person or Persons having Authority to reform or abolish the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

52 Geo. III. '

7 H

Gap

H5

Application of Compenl uion if left than 2*L

Where any

Quetlion shall arise touching Title to Money to be paid, Person* in Possession entitled.

Court of Chan-t eery may order Expences of Purchases to be paid.

Expence of Act provided for.

Surplus Interest. placed out ou Securities.

32 G. 3. C. 42. Application.

Securities may be changed.

Proviso for calling in Money.

Act not to prevent Reform m Offices, See.

[Public Act.]

A.D. 1812.

1146 C.lv — lxviii. 52° GEORGII III.

Cap. lv.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Renfrew, building a Bridge or Bridges at Inchinnan, and regulating the Statute Labour of the said County, and for other Purposes relative thereto. (b) [20th April 1812.]

[New Rata of Pontage at Inchinnan Bridge, Tolls of 43 G. 3. to cease, new Tolls granted.]

jo G. 1. c. 57.

G. 3.C. 68.

31 G. 3. c. ill.

43 G. 3. c.xcv*u

44 G. 3. c. lii.

46 G. 3. c. lxzi. continued as to Roads under this Act.

17 G. 3. c. 99. 39 & 40 G. 3. c lxix. repealed.

IlG. 3.C. 95. 30 G. 3. c. 87.

35 O.3.C. 137* repealed.

10 G. 3. c. 94. 31 G. 3. c. 98.

10 G. 3. C. 63. 31 G. 3 c. x 16.

46 G. 3.C. cilr.

Cap. lvi.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Warmmfler, and from Frome, to the Bath Road; and from Woolverton to the Trowbridge Road, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. (a) [20th April 1812.]

[.Additional Tolls from November to Februa/y.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for improving the Public Roads in and through the City of Coventry. (b) [20th April 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Perftrect Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenbam, in the County of Norfolk. (a) [20th April 1812.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for amending the Roads from Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the County of York; and from Den/haw to Brownbill, and from Grains to Delphi all witliiu Saddle worth, in the said County of York. (a) [20th April 1812.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for enlarging the Term and PowerB of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from WeUJbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, (r) [20th April 1812.]

Cap. Ixi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Upton in Rattey to Great Kington and Wellejbourne Haft mgs, in the County of Warwick. (a)

[20th April 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sun day.

Cap. lxii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and to Henley Bridge in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Second District of the said Roads.

[20th April 1812.]

[.Additional Tolls. Double Tolls on Sunday. For Remainder of Term under former AdF\

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ovhgham, Bywell Saint Peter and Bywell Saint Andrew, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.) ([20th April 1812.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Disferth and Llanelweth, in the County of Radnor, (q. P.)

[20th April 1812.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Thomthwaite, in the Parish of Crofthwcnte, and County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[loth April 1812.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Great Shejford otherwise West Shefford, in the County of Berks, (q. P.) [20th April 1812.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crayford, in the County of Kent. (q. P.) [20th April 1812.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rockland Saint Andrew, Rockland All Saints and Rockland Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [loth April

Cap.

AJ>.1812. 5*fl GEORGII III. C.lxix* — lxxvSI.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the Rivers Ant and Bure, at or near Wayford Bridge, near Dilham, to the Towns of North IValsham and Antinghamt in the County of Norfolk.

[5th May i3i2.J

[The Company, of Proprietor4 of The North Waltham and Dilham Canal Navigation incorporated.J

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Medway, near Brandlridget in the Parish of East Peckham in the County of Kent, to extend to and unite with the Royal Military Canal in the Parish of Appledore in the said County; and also certain Navigable Branches and Railways from the said intended Canal.

[jth May 1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of The IVeald of Kent Canal incorporated

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for building a Chapel in the City of Chichejler9 in the County of Sussex* [5th May 1812 ]

Cap. lxuii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending certain Mileways leading to Oxford, and making Improvements in the University and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and adjoining Parish of Saint Clement, and for other Purposes.

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for more effectually paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Highways, Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watering and watching such Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the Well Side of Tottenham Court Road.

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts, for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of MidJ/efex; and for more effectually paving, widening and improving the Streets and other Places within and adjoining to the said Parish.

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. Ixxvi. cc 86 3 5.

An Act for lighting and watching the Streets and other Places without the Walls, but within the Liberties, of Newcastle upon Tyne.

[5 th May 1812 J

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for better supplying with Coal the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford.

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Portsmouth and Portsea, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead, Saint Helensy and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said I Hand, and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen.

[5th May 1812.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iatituled

An Act for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Pcjfage between Gosport, Ports-

mouth and Portsea and other Placeiy within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead, Saint Helens,

and other Parts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in

the said //land, and for, regulating the Foies of such Watermen: And whereas the said Act has been found

ineneftual for answering the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame should be

1 altered and amended May it therefore pleate Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that the Port Admiral of Portsmouth for the time being, the Lieutenant Governor of Portsmouth for the time being, the junior Port Admiral for the time being, the Commandant of the Royal Engineers for the time being, the Coif stor and Comptroller of the Customs at PortJ'moulh for the time being, the Agent Victualler at Portsmouth for the time being, the Resident Agent for Transports at Portsmouth for the time being, Herbert Allen % Elias Bruce Arnaud Esquire, Elias Arnaudy Thomas Athinfonf John Atkins, William BurridgCy John Bur

7 Ii 2 - ridge

Ir4T

47 G. 3. Sc(T c. 70.

if G. 3. c 19. u G. 3. c. 47.

31 G. 3. c. 64. 36 G. 3. c. 45., repealed.

12 G. 3.0*69. 31 G. 3. c. 18.

J&6 W. & M. c. 0.

PR.

29 G. 2. c. 87. 11 G. 3. c. 21. 21 G. 3.

23 G. 3. c. 32.

3 G. 3. c. 55. inpait repealed.

See 15 G. 3. c. 16.

49c. 3. C I T?.

New Commit* lioners.

'49 G. 3-c.cxc. § IO. in part repealed.

Commissioners may eOablish Rates of Fares.

[Proviso.]

Flags for foul and fair Weather.

49 3. c. exc. $12. how far repealed.

Night Fares.

49 G. 3. c. cxc. §5-

Watermen not obliged to have Assistant in fine Weather. Afliitams to be licensed Watermen.

Per Tons appointed to examine Watermen, Sec.

C.lxxviii. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 18ia.

ridge, Nathaniel Baler, William Beaxley, John Baler, Admiral Sir Roger Curtis Baronet, James Carter, Charles Carter Esquire, the Reverend James Collins, William Deacon Esquire, George Dunn, Robert Forbes the Younger, George Garrett, Joseph Gibson, Archibald He art ley, John Haljlead Esquire, Andrew Hewson, Henry Hicks, Thomas Hojkins the Younger, William Johnson, Robert Larlan Esquire, John Lindegren, Thomas Mott ley, John Turner Merritt, Moses Miall, James Matthews, Robert Mends Esquire, George McKinley Esquire, Lule Nichols, George Parmeter, Thomas Paul, James Paul % Joseph Parsons, Nathaniel Portlocl Esquire, «/o£/i Rood, John King, George Sauce, William Spencer, Sutton Shugar9 Jonathan

Shute, William Titcher Esquire, Thomas WallerNl. D., Henry White, James White, Daniel Woodriffe Esquire, Thomas Smith Williams and David William Weddall, being aualified in the manner directed by the said Act, shall be added to and joined with the Commissioners appointed for putting the said Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities as if they had been named and appointed in and by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of the said Act as directs the said Commissioners to make and settle Two ditfinft Tables of Rates and Fares payable in fair Weather, and in foul Weather, and to provide Flags to be hoisted in order to determine the time when such Rates and Fares may be respectively demanded, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said Act, to make and settle such and so many Tables of Rates and Fares, to be taken by the said Watermen from and after the said First Day of August for the Carriage and Conveyance of any Person or Persons, Horses, and other Cattle and Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall appear to be necessary; and, in order to determine the time when such Rates and Fares may be respectively demanded, the said Commissioners shall provide such and so many Flags to be hoisted at some convenient Place or Places at Gosport, Portsmouth or Portsea, by such Person or Persons, and in such manner and Form as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said Act, from time to time, order and appoint; and which said Person or Persons shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall, from time to time direct, and so long as any Flag or Flags so to be provided as aforesaid shall remain hoisted, the extra or Foul weather Fares to be denoted thereby shall be respectively payable, and at all other times except as herein after mentioned, the Fares to be denominated the Fine-weather Fares shall be payable: Provided always, that if the said Flag or Flags shall be hoisted or hauled down while the said Waterman or Watermen, or any or either of them, is or are in the Act of carrying any Person or Persons to or from any Place or Places as aforesaid, the said Watermen shall be paid the Rate or Rates, Fare or Fares, which was or were payable at the time such Person or Persons firftleft the Shore or Place in the Boat of such Waterman or Watermen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That One of the said Flags, to be provided by the said Commissioners, shall denote dangerous Weather, and, during such time as the said Flag for denoting dangerous Weather shall be hoisted, no such Waterman shall be compelled or compellable to carry or convey any Person or Persons, Horses, or other Cattle, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to or from any Place or Places within the Limits of the said Act, or of this Act; nor shall any such Waterman be subject or liable to any Fine or Penalty whatsoever for refusing to carry or convey any such Person or Persons, Horses, Cattle, Goods, Wares or Merchandize, during the time such Flag shall be hoisted, nor for taking or receiving any such Sum or Sums of Money as he may contract or agree with any Person or Persons to receive for Carriage or Conveyance, in case any such Waterman shall think proper to work during the time such Flag shall be hoisted.

V. And, for the better Regulation of the Night Fares to be taken by the said Watermen, be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of August, so much of the said Act as authorizes the said Watermen to demand double the Rate of Fare fixed by the Table of Rates between certain Hours, Tllall be and is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Watermen to demand and receive such an increased Rate of Fare for working in the Night, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall from time to time authorize and direct.

VI. And whereas by the said Act it is enacted, That whenever any licenced Waterman shall be hired to go to any Place, Ship or Vessel, without the said Harbour of Portsmouth, every such Waterman shall, on such Occasion, have, at lead. One Assistant: And whereas such Regulation hath been found inconvenient, Be it therefore further enacted, that, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Watermen shall not be required to take an Assistant, nor be subject or liable to the Penalty by the said Act imposed for not having an Assistant at any time when the Rates or Fares to beappointed for fine Weather shall be payable.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons employed by any licenced Waterman shall be deemed and considered an Assistant within the Intent and Meaning of the said As, unless such Person.shall be licenced as a Waterman in pursuance of the said Act, or this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, if they shall think fit, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding Three, of known and approved nautical Skill, to examine the several Watermen who shall apply for Licences under the said Act, and to report their Opinion to the said Commissioners as to the Qualifications, SJcill and Ability of such Watermen; and also to make out, for the Approbation of the said Commissioners, such several Tables of Rates and Fares as are by this Act directed to be made, and to recommend to the said Commissioners such Flags and Signals as are directed by this Act to be hoisted, and to inspect the Boats and Tackle to be used by the said Watermen; and that the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may allow and

j*r

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. clxxviii. 1149

pay to the said several Persons, so to be appointed by them, such Yearly Salary at to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall Teem proper, not exceeding the Yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds to each such Person; and that no such Person or Persons shall be capable of acting in the Execution of the several Duties hereby appointed, until he or they shall have taken an Oath to execute, perform and discharge the Otth. said several Duties faithfully and impartially, without Favor or Affection, whict} Oath the said Commissionera, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be entitled to a Licence under the said Act Witerraea t from the said Commissioners, unless such Person shall have served at Sea for the Space of Three Years^ or for fenred the like Period shall have worked in the said Harbour of Portsmouth y previous to the passing of this Act, or T}1"* Y*" at shall have served an Apprenticeship of Three Years to a Waterman licenced by virtue of this Act. Apprentice!1*

c X. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under the said recited Act, the Commissioners for carrying

the fame into Execution have Power to refuse to renew any Licence or Licences, which may have been

granted to any Waterman or Watermen in pursuance of the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That the Commissionen said Commissioners, or «ny Five or more of them, at every Meeting to be held on the First Tuesday in the may refuse to Month of November, in each Year, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments of such Annual Meeting, shall Srant Licence, have full Power and Authority, at their Discretion, to refuse to renew any such Licence or Licences, in like manner as they are by the said recited Act authorized and empowered to refuse any original Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons applying for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, and he is hereby required Lift of licence# to make out and deliver to the Town Clerk of the said Borough of Portsmouth for the time being, a true Persons delivered Copy of the Lift, directed by the said recited Act, to be made of the Persons who shall have obtained any original or renewed Licepce from the said Commissioners, with the Number, Name and Place of Abode of*mw'every such Person or Persons so licenced, within Fourteen Days after every such Lift shall have been annually made out, in pursuance of the said Act } and that all Persons may have Aecefs to such Copy of the said Lift in the Office of the said Town Clerk, and be it Liberty to inspect the fame at any time between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling, if the Person desiring such Inspection be not a licenced Waterman, and without any Fee or Reward if he be.

XII. And whereas it is expedient to exempt certain Watermen and other Persons from the Provisions of the said Act and this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Water- Certain Waterman or other Person or Persons residing at Brading, Ryde, Cowes, or any other Place in the Isle of Wight men exempt# between Saint Helens and Cowes, to work on the Passage to and from the said Isle of Wighty in any Boat or from'Boats kept at the said Island, without any Licence from the said Commissioners, and without being in any

respect liable to the Regulations or Restrictions of the said Act or this Act; provided always, that if any Provify such Waterman or other Person or Persons shall ply for Hire at Gofporty Portsmouth or Portseay or at any Place within Portsmouth Harboury or shall carry, or engage to carry, any Person or Persons for Hire or Reward, from thence to S^it heady Saint Helens, the Motherbank, Stokes Bay, or any other Part within the Isle of Wight, or to any Ship or Vessel lying thereat, or to any Place between Saint Helens and Cowes (other than and except the Person or Persons by and for whom such Waterman or other Person or Persons shall previously on the same Day have been hired or engaged at the said Island) such Waterman or other Person or Persons so plying for Hire, or carrying, or engaging to carry, any Person or Persons, Horses or Cattle, or any Goods,

Wares or Merchandize for Hire, to any of the said Places, shall be subject to the Penalty by the said Act and this Act imposed for working for Hire within the Limits of the said Act, without a Licence from the said Commissioners.

XIII. And, for the greater Safety of Passengers, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Number of P*T-of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Waterman working on the said Passage to take, receive into or fengersin carry in any Wherry or Boat any more than Six Persons at one and the same time, when such Flag as WheriiesKmit#. shall denote the highest Rate of Fare to be payable, shall be or remain hoisted, or more than Eight at one and the same time, when such Flag shall not be hoisted; and in case any such Waterman shall take or receive into or carry in any Wherry or Boat any greater Number of Persons than are respectively allowed to be carried as aforesaid, every such Waterman shall be subject and liable to the Penalty in the said Act ar this Act imposed, for carrying a greater Number of Persons than therein mentioned.

XIV. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, That if any Matter, or other Person, having 49 G. j. c. cxc.

the Command of any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, shall place or permit, §28.

4 or suffer any such Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, to lie over or upon the Hard or Landing Place on the Gosport Side of the said Harbour of Portsmouth, every such Matter or other Person should for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, 49 O. 3. e. cxc.

recovered, paid and applied in manner thereinafter mentioned; be it enacted, That so much of the said $37-A*toAp-

recited Act as relates to the Application of the Penalty thereby imposed shall be and the fame is hereby °^e-

repealed. a y p«ae

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Penalty Application and Penalties which shall or may be paid and 'recovered for any Offence against the said recited Clause of thre#& the said Act, shall be paid and applied in and towards the maintaining and repairing of the said Hard or Landing Place at Gosport aforesaid.

XVI. And whereas very serious Danger is frequently experienced in eroding the said Harbour of Port/mouthy by reason of Hawsers and Ropes extending for a considerable Distance from Ships and Vessels lying

4 in the said Harbour, to the Shore on either Side of the said Harbour, or from oae Ship or Vessel to

another,

1150 C. lxxviii.

52° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1812.

another, and also by such Ships and Vessels lying in such a Situation as to obstruct the said Passage to

and from Portsmouth, Portseay and Gosport, and great Inconvenience is bccafioned by Vessels lying on the

Beach at Portsmouth, whereby Boats are hindered from landing their Passengers there* Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Mailer or other Person having the Command of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Harbour, who shall permit or suffer any Ship or Vesselto be moored or fattened by, or shall place or lay out, or permit or suffer to be placed or laid out, any Hawser or Rope from such Ship or Vessel to the Shore, on either Side of the said Harbour, or from such Ship or Vessel to any other Ship or Vessel, or shall lay such Ship or Vessel in such a Situation in the said Harbour as to obstruct the Pif-sage to'and from Portsmouth, Portsea or Gosport, or shall lay any such Ship or Vessel for more than One Tide oa the said Beach at Portsmouth, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered by Information before any Justice of the Peace aftingin and for the Borough of Portsmouth, with Power of Appeal by any Person who may think himself aggrieved by the Adjudication of any such Justice to the Mayor and Justices assembled at the next Quarter Semonsof the said Borough, on giving Ten Dap Notice of his Intention to appeal, such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be appbed in such manner as by the said Act, or this Act, is directed; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty or in His Majesty's Service; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Penalties by the said Act imposed, for Offences committed against the fame, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all Offenders, on whom any Fines or Penalties are imposed by the said Act, shall for every Offence committed against the fame forfeit and pay, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be brought, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, except for working upon the said Passage, or between any of the Places mentioned in the said Act, without having obtained a Licence from the said Commissioners, for which last mentioned Offence every Offender shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and all and every the said Fines and Penalties by this Act imposed, shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as the Fines and Penalties by the said Act imposed are thereby directed to be levied and recovered.

XVIII. And, for the due Encouragement of the Watermen working on the said Passage, be it further Fun/for^Relief ena^c^' That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by and out of the Monies arising

under the said Act or this Act, to form and establish a Fund for the Purpose of relieving any decayed Watermen working, or who shall have been accustomed to work on the said Passage, or of relieving the Widows or Children of any deceased Waterman who shall have been accustomed to work on the said Passage, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting under the said Act fhaQ order and direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the said Commissioners to retain the Sum of Two Shillings and Six pence for his own Trouble, out of every Sum paid for any Licence to be granted under the said Act, whether the fame be an original or a renewed Licence.

XX. And whereas it is by the said Act enacted, That the said Commissioners may make such Allowance*to their Clerk and Treasurer for the time being, as to them Should seem reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty five Pounds a Year: And whereas the said Allowance has been found quite inadequate; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to make such additional Allowance to their Clerk and Treasurer as they shall think a fair and adequate Recompence for his Trouble, not exceeding Fifty Pounds a Year.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall at any Public Meeting to be held pur-ClVk appointed. ^uant to the said Act, in case a Majority of such Commissioners attending such Meeting shall so think proper, nominate and appoint an additional Clerk to the One already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act; provided always, that such additional Clerk shall not be entitled to any of the Fees or Salary of the Clerk already appointed or who shall or may be appointed in pursuance of the said Act, but such additional Clerk shall have such Annual Salary as the Majority of the said Commissioners shall, at such Meeting, settle and determine; provided also, that Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the manner prescribed by the said Act, of the Intention to elect such additional Clerk,

Meetings held

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings under the said Act shall be held alternately at the alternately at Borough of Gosport and Borough of Portsmouth, and that all Notices and other Matters and Things directed Gosport and by the said Act, to be affixed on certain Places in the said Act specified, shall and may be affixed on such

Portsmouth. Plaqes or on such other Places as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall from time to

time at any Meeting under the said Act, order or direct.

JurWdiction of XXIII. And, in order to determine the Jurisdiction upon the Water of the Justices of the Peace for the Justices. feid County of Southampton and those for the said Borough of Portsmouth, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said respective Justices shall end may have and exercise a concurrent Jurisdiction over all Onences committed upon the Water, within the Limits aforesaid, against the said Attor this Act; and the Parties aggrieved may in such case make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or those for the said Borough, as they shall think proper.

49 O.3. c. cxc.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That To much of the said Act as relates to the Power given to the Juf-I 3*« 3* tices of the Peace for the County of Southampton and the Borough of Portsmouth respectively, to determine

mpart repea e Offences against the said Act upon the \Vater, and to Appeals against any thing done in pursuance thereof, by the said Justices. shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Hawsers not to be placed acroft Passage.

[Penalty.]

King's Ships.

Former Penalties repealed.

Mew Penalty.

Commissioners of decayed Watermen.

Payment to Clerk.

49 G. 3. c.cxc. I 7-

Additional Allowance to Clerk for

Licences.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C.lxxviii — lxxxiv. 1151

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselvei Appeal, aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may,

as to any thing doue by any Justice of the Peace for the County of Southampton, appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, and as to any thing done by any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of Port/-mouthy to the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, at the then next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden in and for the said County or Borough respectively, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Cause of such Appeal, such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, Ten Days Notice.

Notice at least, in Writing, of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Two Days next after such Notice given, entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or Borough, as the Recognisance, case may require, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Thirty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal at such Sessions, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices upon the Hearing of the said Appeal 5 and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall, at the said Sessions, to which the said Appeal shall be made, or if they shall see fit to adjourn the fame, to the Sessions then next following at farthest, hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Costs for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondeots, at they the said Justices respectively shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justicet shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Parties concerned or p*inai interested therein.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges 3nd Expence* incident to or attending the Eipences of obtaining and passing of the said former Act and of this Act, shall be borne and paid out of the Money

arising from the Sums paid for Licences by the said Watermeo, under the said Act, and from the Fines thereby imposed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be construed, adjudged, deemed and taken as Act coastrue* Part of the said recited Act, as much and in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if " P»t of the several Clauses, Powers and Authorities herein contained had been enacted and inserted in the Body of the fonBer Act. said recited Act; and all Clauses, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, for the Purposes and due Execution thereof, are hereby declared to be extended to, and shall and may operate, and be allowed, performed, exercised and put in Force (in all cases where the feme are not hereby altered or repealed) for the due Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as could or might have been, in case such Clauses, Provisions, Authorities, Penalties, Matters and Things in the said recited Act, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

[Public Act.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually sxG.j.c cxcviii. repairing and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the County of Perth; and for regulating and con- 5* G. 3. c.c*cv»L vesting the Statute Services in the said County, and more effectually making and regulating the Highways,

Bridges and Ferries within the feme.

[^th May 1812.]

[The Term of the Amendments to the First recited Act is for 20 Tear/, fcfr.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of the Bridge over the River Avonf at or near Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and for widening the feme Bridge, and improving the Approaches thereto.

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for repairing the Road from Chatham to Canterbury, in the County of Kent. (b) [5th May 1812.] 3 G.i.e. 15.

17 G. 2. c. 4.

Cap. lxxxii. 1

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rugby Bridge, in the County of Warwick, to the repealed.6'*

Town of HinckUy, in the County of Leicester. (a) [^th May iSi2.j

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for continuing the Term and amending the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of c.tu.

His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian Malford

Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from die Direction Poll in Long Leave Lane, near Lydiard Marsh % to Crieklade, in the County of Wilts. (c) [yth May 1812.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Butterton Moor End to the Turnpike Road from Buxton to Ashbomt; 10 G.j. c. 114. from BlaSon Moor to the fame Turnpike Road near Newhaven; and from IVarflow to E3on Mine, in the 3* 3*7-

Counties of Stafford and Derby, (a) [5th May 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ceaft, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.J

Cap.

C.lxxxv--- XCV

A.D. 1812.

52° GEORGII III.

Cap. lxxxv.

I© C. 3- c. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Denbigh to the Northofl and Holywell Road, and from Afon Wen to Mbld, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for extending the Powers of the said Act to an adjoining Branch of Road, (r)

Qth May 1812.]

[ Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. lxxxvi.

9 G. 3. c. 8x. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Ninth and Thirty first Years of His present Majesty, for 31 G. 3. c. 11J- repairing the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellaston, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford. (c) [5th May 1812.]

Cap. lxxxviL

31 G. j.«. ia6. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty first Year of Hi* present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Haverfordwest, to the City of Saint Davids, and from the said City to Caerfai, in the County of Pembroke, (e) [5th May 1812.]

[Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

i« G. 3. c. 66. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Road* 3© G. 3. c.iu to and from Tunflall, in the County of Stafford. (b) [5th May 1813.]

[Additional Trvflees.]

j3 G. a. c. 51. x8 G. 3.C. 86. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. xc. continued at to Newport District of Second Division. IOG. 3. c. 91. 31 G. 3. c.i3a.

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Temhill to Newport, in the County of Salop. (6) [5th May 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday on Newport Dvoiflon.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Tenth and Thirty first Years of Hi* present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debiale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Mujkham, in the County of Nottingham, and the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Kneefal and leading to the Great North Road at or near Carlton upon Trent, all in the same County. (c) [cth May 1812.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xci.

51 C. 3.f; cxcviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Perth and Forfar. (b)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Storrington to Balls Hut, in Walberton, in the County of Sussex, (a)

[5th May 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xciii.

30G. 3.C. 98. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road front Rowde Forde to Red Hill, in the County of Wilts.

[5th May 1812.]

[Former Tolls repealed, -new Tolls granted. Ad continued for 21 Years, &c. from Term under former Act as

to Road in the Title.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act to enable Trustees, with the Consent therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of a certain Field or Close, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the settled Eftatr* late of the Reverend Richard Sutton Tates, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcv.

-An Act to enable the Guardian of Henry Courtney, a Minor, to make Leases of certain Parts of said Mioor1* E dates, in and near the City of Dublin, (q. P.) [5 th May 1812.]

16 Caf.

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange of a Messuage and Lands in the Parish of Alfreton, in the County of Derby, purchased with the Sum of One hundred Pounds bequeathed by the Will of George Spaieman for charitable Purposes, for a Messuage and Lands of Joseph Outram Gentleman, in the Parish of Matlock, in the same County, (q. P.) [jth May 1812.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary, Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the time being, to grant Building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, aand to fell the present Rectory House and Gar deny and to build a new Rectory House. (q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Cajlerton, in the Parish of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of IVJlmorland. (q. P.) [5th May 1812.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Burgh Castle and Herringfleet in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. c.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Grindleion\, Bradford, Waddington and Bashall, in the Parish of Milton, in the County of York. (q. P.) [5th May 1812.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Scalthwaite-rigg, Hay and Hutton 9ith Hay, in the Parish of Kirkby, in Kendal, in the County of Westmorland. (q. P.) [5th May 1812.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Tonge, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, and County of Lancaster. (q. P.)

[5th May 1812.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alfreton, in the County of Derby. (q. P.) [5th May 1812.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blymhill in the County of Stafford, (q. P.) [jth May 1812.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for fixing the Wharfage of Goods landed within the said Port and Harbour; and for better maintaining the Buoys, Beacons and Seamarks, belonging thereto.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Hay Railway to amend, vary and extend the Line of the said Railway, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Railway.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the End of the Llanvihangel Railway, in the Parish of Llanvihangel Crucorney, in the County of Monmouth, to or near to the Twelfth Mile Stone, in the Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny, in the County of Monmouth, to the City of Hereford.

[TheGrofmont Railway Company incorporated.3 [20th May 1812.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining Lands lying on both Sides the River JVitham, in the County of Lincoln, and restoring the Navigation of the said River; and for repealing* another Act of His present Majesty, in relation to the said Drainage and Navigation.

[The Company of Proprietors of the Witham Navigation incorporated.3 [20th May 1812.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saint Sidwell, in the City and County of the City of Exeter.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap cx*

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Bishop Stortford, in the County of Hertford.

[20th May 1812.] 52 Geo. III. y I Cap.

ii53

49 G.3.

c. 88. PK

S1G. 3. c.

a G.

*48 G. 3. c. cviii.

6 G. 3. c. 83.

*3 G. 3- c. 3^>-41 G. 3. (U.K.) C. xxxix. repealed.

J9 & 40 G. 3. v. xlvii. §54.

45 O* |. c. lviii3-

45 G. 3. c. lviii. §3. continued tend extended to «Oth June 1814.

I'utlic Act.

C.cxi — cxvL 32e GEORGII III. A.D. 1812.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for paving the Footpaths and for lighting and watching that Part of the Kent Street Road which leads from Kent Street End unto the Bridge next immediately below the Green Man Turnpike, situated within the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and certain Public Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages and Places communicating therewith, respectively situated within the said Parish, or within the Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Newington, adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Encroachments and Annoyances therein.

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for lighting and watching the Road leading from Newington Butts to the Nagys Head, on the Wand-/worth Road, and several other Roads and Places communicating therewith, situate in the Parishes of Scant Mary Lambeth, Clapham and Battersea, in the County of Surrey [20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and for regulating the Police and Markets of the said Town.

[20th 3fjyi8ia.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings, belonging to the London Dock Company.

[20th May 1812.]

WHEREAS the time limited for the Completion of the Docks, Basons, Entrances and other Works

and Buildings of the London Dock Company, under an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for tbs greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London; and other Acts passed to amend and extend the Powers of the said Act; and which Period was extended by an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of the Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provtjions of the said Act, will expire on the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twelve: And whereas the greater Part of the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings authorized to be erected, made and built, by the said London Dock Company, have been long completed, and in Use; but the whole of the Entrances, Works

and Buildings, authorized to be erected and made, cannot be completed within the said Period, and it is therefore necessary that such Period Should be extended, to enable the said Company to complete the same, for the Use of the.Public : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Period limited by the said last recited Act of the Forty fifth Yearaforesaid, for the Completion of the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays and Wharfs, and other Works and Buildings, authorized to be made, erected and built by the said London Dock Company, under the said Acts, shall be and the fame is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And that all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, in relation to the making, erecting, building and completing all such Docks, Basons, Entrances, Works and other Buildings, contained in any Act made and now in force, relating to the Completion thereof, shall be and remain and continue in full Force and Effect, for the Purposes of the several Acts relating to the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, and the Completion thereof, during such further Period as aforesaid; as fully in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes as if such extended Period had been given by the said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid and as if such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claims, Matters and Things, had been specially and particularly re-enacted in and made part of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Offhant to Ditchelling, in the County of Sussex. (a)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Tunmike Road from or near Banner Cross, in the County of York, through the Township of Dore, to or near to Fox House, in the County«Branch from Dore aforesaid, to or near to Owler Bridge, in the said County of Derby.

[Double Tolls on Sunday."}

West Riding of th of Derby; and alb

ia)

£20th May 1812.]

Cap

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, so far as the same relate to the Flint, Holywell and Mojlyn f Diflrids of Road, (r) [20th May 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Double Tolls on Sunday.] f at to the Saint Autph and Conway Diflrids, ante, c, xxviii.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to Aldermaston Great Bridge9 in the County of Berks, (c)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Bury Saint Edmunds to Newmarket, and from Brandon to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, (a) [20th May 1812.]

[.Additional Trustees.y

Cap. cxx.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making a Public Carriage Road from Rentish Town to Upper Holloway, in the County of Middlesex. (b)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act formating and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Tideswell to Blackwell, and thence to Sough Lane: and also from Edenfor to Ashford, all in the County of Derby, (a) [20th May 1812.]

[Double Tolls on Sunday, ']

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the East End of a Close called Lord*s Close, in the Parish of Brougham, in the County of Westmorland, into the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and for building a Bridge in the Line of the said Road over the River Eamont, which divides the said Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland. (£} [[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made between Thomas Fowler Gentleman, and Mary his Wife, both deceased, and the Vicar of IValherton, in the County of Sussex, of Lands and Hereditaments of the said Thomas Fowler, in the Parish of Walberton, for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Parish. (q. P.) [[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir Mark Majlcrman Sykes Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the Residue of such Purchase Monies, under the like Direction, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. (q. PA

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in such Part of the Parish of Eglwysfach as lies in the County of Denbigh, and in the several Parishes of Llan/aintffraid Gian Conway and Llanelian in Rhos, in the same County, (q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Allotment to His Majesty. $ 25. 45. 49, 50.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Marriek, in the County of York. (q. P.)

\ m

Cap. cxxvi. arish of Mai

Cap. cxxvii. a and Sout,

" Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, f 24. 33, 34.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Saint Mary Extra and South Stoneham, in the County of Southampton, (q. P.)

' '.J

[20th may 1812.]

ithnmpton. (q. P.

[20th May 1812.

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Aspatria, and in the several Parishes of A/patria, Brumffeld and Allhallows, in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.) % |[20th May 1812.]

u Allotments and Compensations for Tithes, f 18. 22 — 25.

7 I a Cap.

lI55

9 G. 3.C. 4S-

11 G. j. c. 69.

10 G. 3. C. 88. 31 G. 3. C. iif.

10 G. 3. c. 96, iz G. 3.C. 80.

51 G. 3. c. dfi.

A.D. 1812.

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Attleburgh, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.)

Cap. cxxx.

[20th May 1812.]

An Act for inclosing Lands in Thurlflone, in the Parish of Peniflone, and County of York. (q. P.)

[20th May 1812.I

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §15. 28, 29, &c.

Car/. cxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJlhal, in the County of Oxford, (q. P.) [20th May 1812.]

Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §23, &c.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Belton, in the County of Leicester. (q. P.) [20th May 1812.]«Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, f 19. 21 — 25.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abbot, in the County of Southampton. (q. P.)

[20th Aftfj 1812.]

cxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of War thill, in the County of York. (q. P.)€ Allotment and Compensation for Tithes. §20$

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Great Bentley, in the County of Essex. (q. P.)

[20th May 1812.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing the Forest of Delamere, in the County of Chester £pth June 1812.]

u Tithe free. §42.

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Dundat to fell certain Feu and Teind Duties and Casualties of the Earldom of Orkney, and Lordship of Zetland, upon entailing Lands equivalent in Valoe thereto, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for maintaining the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Town of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, (a) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxxxix.

11G. 3. c. 77. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Old Furnace to Newbridge and Merthyr Tydvil, in >9 G* 3- Ci 110* the County of Glamorgan, and from Merthyr Tydvil to the Bridge over the River Tajf, which divides the

repealed asto Counties of Glamorgan and Brecon. (a) [9th June 1812.]

Met thyr Tydvil 0 rnifTf/c-fl

Division.

[Double Tolls on Sunday.J

Cap. cxl.

33 8o* An Act to explain, amend and enlarge the Powers of certain Acts passed for making and maintaining The

3^ G. 3. C 24 Grand Junction Canal\ [9th June 1812.]

ce. 8. 43* 85* 36 G. 3. C. 25. 38 G. 3. c.xxxiii 41G. 3. (U.K.) c. lxxi. 43G. 3. C.VIII. 45 G. 3. c.kviiL^ 51 G. 3. c. clxix.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal with aqueducts, Feeders and Reservoirs, from the Stort Navigation at or near Bishopls Stortford, in the County of Hertford, to join the River Cam, near Clayhithe Sluice, in the County of Cambridge, with a navigable Branch or Cut from the said Canal at Saw ston to Whaddon, in the County of Cambridge.

[9th June 1812.]

\The Company of Proprietors of the London and Cambridge Junction Canal incorporated."]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Penrhynmawr, in the Parish of Llanfhangel Efcetfiogf to Redwharf, in the Parish of Llanbedrgoch, in the County of Anglesey; and also a Dock in the Parish of Llanbcdrgoch aforesaid. £9th June 181 a.3

[The Anghfey Railway Company incorporated.3

9^Cap.

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for draining, inclosing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton; and for forming the fame into a Parish, to be called New-borough; and for building and endowing a Church for such Parish, [9th June 1812.*]

" Allotment and Compensation to His Majesty and others in case Tithes established. §24, &c.

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for forming into Township certain Extra-parochial Lands in Wildmore Fcn> and in the West and East Fen: , in the County of Lincoln [9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for embanking The Hundred Feet Washes, in the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level.

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for enabling The Highgate Archway Company to raise a further Sum of^ Money, to complete their Works. " [9th June 1812.]

[70, 000l.]

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for erecting a Bridge across the River Thames, near Vauxhall9 and making Roads thereto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for establishing a Ferry over the River Thames from Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and for making and maintaining Roads to communicate therewith.

[9th June 18x2.]

[The Poplar and Greenwich Ferry Company inturpuruicd. Double Toll on Sunday, except on Carriages or

Horses drawing the fame.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for widening andi mproving the Street or Road leading from Tower Hill to the Street called Upper East Smithfield, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate> in the County of Middlesex. (b)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the First, Two Acts of King George the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Gloucester towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester. (a) [9th June 1812.]

[New Trustee: . Former Tolls repealed9 new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. cli.

An Act for continuing the Term, and for altering and amending several Acts passed in the Third, Twenty fourth and Forty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending and keeping in Repair, several Roads within the County of Carmarthen, (a) [9th June 1812.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sunday."]

Cap. clii.

An Act for making a new Branch of Road from the Town of Carmarthen to Lougher, in the County of Glamorgan, and another Branch of Road from the Great Mountain to Llandilo, in the same County.

[9th June 1812.]

[For Term\of 5x G. 3.]

Cap. cliii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, and of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carlow9 Kilkenny and Tipperary; and also for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the Town of Clonmel9 through the County of Waterford9 to the Cross Roads of Knocklofty9 in the County of Tipperary, (a)

[9th June 1812.]

u Irish Acts 30 G. 3.C. 44. and 32 G. 3. c. 39. repealed as to Road between Kilkenny and Bounds of Coun-u ties of Kilkenny 2uidTipperarv9 and new Tolls granted. Tolls of Acts 30 and^ G*3« repealed as to the f' other Roads, and new Tolls granted, "

Cap.

"57

29 G. 2i c. 21.

50 C.

C. lxxxviii.

49 G. 3. C. cxUL

12 G. i. c. 13. 20 G. 2. c. 31. 33 G. 2. c. 34.9 G. 3. c. 30.

3 G. 3- c. 34-24 G. 3. SeC l. c. 33.

43 G. 3. c. xxx.

32 G. 3. C. ijfi-41 G. 3. (U K.) c. v.

51 G. 3. c. xu extended to

Roads under this Act.

AS G*3* c.liu

o.

G.

3» c. 3* c.

*JO.

Cap. cliv.

An Act for making a Public Carriage Road from the'present Turnpike Road, near the South End of High* bury Place, Islington, to Haberdashers Walk, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex. (b) [9th Amr 1812.]

[Night Tolls from 29th Sep. to 25 th March']

Cap. civ.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market House in the Town of Great Faring don, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford, (a) [9th June 1812.]

[.Additional Trustees.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act to veil the Coins and Medals given by the Will of Robert Aujlen Esquire, deceased, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. clvii.

An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlarging the Trulls and Powers of the said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

[The Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Borough of Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster

incorporated.]

Cap. clviii.

An Act to enable the Vicar, for the time being, of the Vicarage of Kidderminster, in the County of Wor-ctjler, to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the said Vicarage, and to fell the present Vicarage House, Garden and Out Offices occupied therewith, and certain Part of the Glebe Land, and to purchase Land and build thereon a new Vicarage House. (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. clix.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Tything or Hamlet of West Compton, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Berks, (q. r.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. clx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wyfingfet otherwise Whiffonfett, Stanfield and Borningtofi, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxi.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tjthes Lands in the Parish of Bravghing, in the County of Hertford. (q. Pc) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. dxii.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Manor and Parish of Upton, in the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.) [9th June 1812 ]

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holbeach and Whaplode, in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.)

[9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Biddenham, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxv.

An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanarthneyt JLlanon, Llandebye and Llanvihangel Aberbythick, in the County of Carmarthen, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey. (q.P.) June 1812.]

u Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §20. No Lease of Allotment to Rector or Windlesham without u Consent of the King as Patron of the Rectory, §45.

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Stagfden, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for felling fart of the said Lands, and applying the Produce thereof in Aid of the Poors* Rates of the said Parish. (q. P.l

[9th June 1812.]

S Cop.

A.D. 1812. 52° GEORGII III. C.clxix — clxxxi.

Cap. clxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Llangefni, Llandclyfnan, Pentraeth and Cerrlgceinwtn, in the, County of singlefey. (q.P.) [9th June 1812.]

Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor, f 27.

Cap. clxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Harrington, in the County of York. (q. P.) [9th June 1812.]

w Allotment to the King, f 19. Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, §23, See.

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for disaforesting the Forest of Parkhurst, in the County of Southampton, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[20th June 1812 3

[For 10 Years, fsVJ

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, or Tram Roads, in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen.

[20th June 1812.]

[The Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal and Tram Road Company incorporated.]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes in the Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln; and also for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty as affects the Marshes and Sands on the Outside of the Sea Bank, lately made by virtue of the first mentioned Act.

[20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxv.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for enabling the Several Persons therein named, to dispose of certain Houses in and near Skinner Street, in the City of London, and Pickett Street, Temple Bar, Westminster, by Lottery, £20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for exchanging a Fee Simple Fflate belonging to George Brooke Esquire, for Fflates under Settlement, devised by the Will of the late Reverend John Brooke Clerk, in the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Warwick and Montgomery, (q P.) [20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act foreffectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke Esquire, and the Trustees of his settled Estates. (q.P.) [20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates of John Graham Esquire, and John Smith Graham Gentleman, in Charles Court, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.) £2oth June 1812.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of EHzabeth Jackson, in Trustees, for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Money in manner therein mentioned. (q.P.) [20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxx«

An Act for effecting the Sale of unsettled Freehold Estates, belonging to Thomas Whitmore Wylde Browne, an Infant, in Fee Simple, and for invetting the Purchase Monies in other Real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infant in Fee Simple, (q, P.) [20th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wey otherwise Weyhill, within the Manor of Ramridge, in the County of Southampton, and in the Hamlet or Township of Applejbaw in the said County, (q. P.)

4 [20th June 1812.]

Cap«

ll59

45 O. 3. c.xxi. repealed.

33 C. 3.C. 73.

PR.

34 G. 3. c. 102.

46 G. 3. c.xcvii. 49 G. 3. c. lxx.

i i6o

'23 C. 4- C. 39.

ai G. 3. C. 12.

17 G. 3. c. 45. 49 G. 3. c. cxvii 39 G. 3. c.ii. repealed as to the Pier and Hai hour.

46 G. 3. c. cxaxiii.

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act for erecting a Court House, County House, or Sessions House, for the Use of the City and County oI Londonderry.

[27th Junc&ii.']

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering and repairing Blackfriars Bridge.

[27th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Act for effecting the Sale of Part of the settled Estates of the Honourable Charles Cecil Cope Jeniinfoni and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Eftatts, and for settling the same to the former Uses. (q. P.) [27th June 1812.]

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of King George the Second, and an Act of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining of the Piers and Harbour of Whitby in the County of York.

[id July 1812.]

[/or Thirty one Tears,

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for separating the Management of the Harbour of Margate, in the County of Kent, from the Paving and Lighting of the Town of Margate, and for veiling the future Management of the said Harbour in a Joint Stock Company of Proprietors.

[1st July 1812.]

[The Company of Proprietors of Margate Pier and Harbour incorporated.]

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates in the County of Northampton of Richard Aldworth Griffin Lord Braybrookey and Part of the devised Estates in the County of BJfex of John Griffin Lord Howard dc Walden and Lord Braybrookey deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [1st July 1812.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers of the Commissioners appointed in pursuance of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in pursuance of an Agreement between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, to carry the fame into Effect.

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in the County of Leicefery for Part of the unsettled Estates of the said Earl, situate in the County of Derby, (q. P.) /[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act to enable Francis Earl of Moiray and the Persons entitled in Reversion expectant on his Estate for Life, to grant Leases of Mines and Mineral Property on their Estates, in AJbby dc la Zouch in the County of Leicejtcry and Qahthorpe in the County of Derby, (q. P.) [9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxci.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Montague Earl of Abingdon to grant Leases for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, of his settled Estates in the Parishes of Cumner alias Cumber, and H\nljey, in the County of Berks, upon the Terms and subject to the Restrictions therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into between the Right Reverend Father in God John Lord Bishop of London, Sir John Frederick Baronet, Arthur Stanhope Esquire, Frederick Treife Morjhead Esquire, Sir John Morfhead Baronet, and Dame Eliza* leth his Wife, and Selina Thifllethwayte; and the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, (q. P.) [9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxciii.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to fell, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of London and his Lessees of the Estate at Paddingtony belonging to the See of London, to purchase certain Waters and Springs, and the Conduits and other Appurtenances thereto, within the several Parishes of Mary le bone and Paddington, in the County of Middlesex. (q.P.)

[9th July 1812.]

A.D. 181au

52° GEORGII III.

C. cxciv — eciv,

1161

Cap. cxciv.

An Act for vesting a Messuage, wkh the Appurtenances, situate in Demnshire Square in the City of London, ami a Messuage end Lands situate at Wimbledon in the County of Surrey, Part of Estates settled by the Will 6f Abraham Aguilar deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned. (q.P.)

[9th July 1812.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act for malting and maintaining a navigable Canal from The Grand Junction Canal in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames in the Parish of Limehou/e, with a Collateral Cut in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

[13th July 1812.]

[^The Company of Proprietors of the Regent*/ Canal incorporated.]

Cap. cxevi.

An Act for making a Pier and Landing Place at Ryde, in the Isle of Wight. ([13th July 1812.]

[The Ryde Pier Company incorporated.']

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act for watching and lighting Part of the High Road leading from London to Croydon, commencing at the Turnpike Gate at Kensington, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, and leading from thence on the Line of the said Road, to Brimton Hill, and as far as the said Parish extends in that Direction.

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the Kent Road in the County 51 G. 3. c. oexx. of Surrey, to Deptford in the County of Kent, and a Branch therefrom to Horjleydown, in the said County of Surrey.

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cxeix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of King George the Second, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester. \b) [18th July 1812.]

LAdditional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sundays.]

6 G. a. c. 16. ia G. a. c. it.

3 G. 3. c. 19.

31 G. 3/c. 105.

Cap. cc.

An Act for enabling the Devisees in Trust named in the Will of George Shaw deceased, to grant Building Leases of certain Estates situate in the Parish of Saint Dunfian Stepney otherwise Stebun heath, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised. (q.P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cci.

An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Great Tithes of the Prebend of Beachill and Knaresbrough, in the County of York, in Trust, to be sold; and for laying out the Monies thence arising, in the Purchase of Estates to be settled and annexed to the said Prebend, (q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. ccii.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates of Edmond Waller Esquire, deceased, to raise Money upon Mortgage of the fame Estates, for the Purpose of satisfying the Fines payable to the Bishop of Winchester, for the Lease of the Manor of More ton, in the County of Buckingham; and for veiling the said Leasehold Premises in the Trustees, upon Trusts, corresponding to the Uses of the settled Estates. (q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cciii.

An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Price Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell certain Parts thereof, and out of the Purchase Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt due to the Representatives of Charles Gore Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Residue, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, and to Hand seised of and convey the Estates to be so purchased, as well as those remaining unfold, to the Uses of the said John Price9* Will. (q. P.)

[18th July 1812.]

Cap. cciv.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Maurice Nugent 09 Connor Esquire, in the County of Rof-common, in Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances, and for settling other Estates in the King's County, in Ireland, in lieu of the Estates so to be sold* (q. P.) £i8th July 1812.]

1162

C.ccv — ccxii. 52° GEORGII III. A.D. 18u.

Cap. ccv.

An Act to enable the Dean of Saint Paul London to grant a Lease of Messuaget, Tenements, Lands aid Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Paul ShadwelU in the County of Middless* % and to enable the Le&es to grant Sub Leases for building on and repairing that Estate. (q. P.) £iad July 1812.]

Cap. ccvi.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange of the Advowson of the Reftonr of the Church of South Com in the County of Suffolk^ belonging to His Majesty, for the Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of DtpJag otherwise Dcpden> in the same County, belonging to Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet, (q. P.)

[22d July 1812.]

Cap. ccvii.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of George fbilipps Esquire, deceased, situate in the County and County Borough of Carmarthen in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence anting in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.) [2id July 1812.]

Cap. ccviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Beddington, with the Manor of JBandon, in the County of Surrey. (q.P.) [and July 1812.]

Cap. ccix.

An Act for building a new Prison in the City of London, for removing thereto Prisoners confined under CnJ Process in the Gaol of Newgate and the Two Compters of the said City, and also the Prison of Ludgate, and for converting the Building now containing the said Two Compters and Ludgate into a Gaol for Criminals in the said Two Compters and into a House of Correction for the said City of London.

[29th July 1812.]

Cap. ccx.

An Act for enabling the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to improve and grant Building Leases of the Ground in Moorfelds; also to sell all the Ground comprised in such Leases when improved, and to apply the Produce thereof towards increasing the Orphans Fund.

[29th July 1812 ]

Cap. ccxi.

An Act for the further Improvement of Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

[29th July 1812.]

Cap. ccxii.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Longham, Kempfion, Mileham, and Bteston next Milebon, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.) [5th May

[Index removed.]

END OF THE FOURTH VOLUME.

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers, London. 28x2.

